http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25701 television series
television series
The world of Mr Selfridge : the glamour and romance
Star Trek FAQ : everything left to know about the first voyages of the Starship Enterprise
Rin Tin Tin : the life and legend of the world's most famous dog
Transformers prime : official handbook
Bringing it all back home : music from the BBC TV series
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
The TV detective : voices of dissent in contemporary television
It's not TV : watching HBO in the post-television era
Nashville. Season 1 : Volume 2 : the music of Nashville : original soundtrack
Star Trek and philosophy : the wrath of Kant
The Sopranos : series 6. Part I
The eternal party : understanding my dad, Larry Hagman, the TV star America loved to hate
Life on television : content analyses of U.S. TV drama
The world of Poldark
How I met your mother. 8. tuotantokausi
"Try again, fail better" : detecting the intersectionality of white female protagonist in Weeds
Linnunradan käsikirja liftareille : The hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy
"Simon Singh, author of the bestsellers Fermat's Enigma, The Code Book, and The Big Bang, offers fascinating new insights into the celebrated television series The Simpsons: That the show drip-feeds morsels of number theory into the minds of its viewers--indeed, that there are so many mathematical references in the show, and in its sister program, Futurama, that they could form the basis of an entire university course. Recounting memorable episodes from "Bart the Genius" to "Homer3," Singh brings alive intriguing and meaningful mathematical concepts--ranging from the mathematics of pi and the paradox of infinity to the origin of numbers and the most profound outstanding problems that haunt today's generation of mathematicians. In the process, he illuminates key moments in the history of mathematics, and introduces us to The Simpsons' brilliant writing team--the likes of David X. Cohen, Al Jean, Jeff Westbrook, and Stewart Burns, all of whom have various advanced degrees in mathematics, physics, and other sciences. Based on interviews with the writers of The Simpsons and replete with images from the shows, facsimiles of scripts, paintings and drawings, and other imagery, The Simpsons and Their Mathematical Secrets will give anyone who reads it an entirely new insight into the most successful show in television history"-- Provided by publisher.
Star Wars art
Encyclopedia of television law shows : factual and fictional series about judges, lawyers and the courtroom, 1948-2008
Small screen, big picture : a writer's guide to the TV business
Television antiheroines : women behaving badly in crime and prison drama
Brazilian womanhood in the prime time telenovela : a textual analysis of Aguinaldo Silva's "Senhora do Destino"
Winter is coming : the medieval world of Game of thrones
The universal vampire : origins and evolution of a legend
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
Inside HBO's Game of thrones
Holy franchise, Batman! : bringing the caped crusader to rhe screen
The wit and wisdom of Downton Abbey
Women in Game of thrones : power, conformity and resistance
The impossible has happened : the life and work of Gene Roddenberry, creator of Star Trek : a biography
The Singing Detective : Music from the BBC-TV serial written by Dennis Potter
American horror story. The complete second season, Asylum
AGAINST THE WIND : the complete original music from the outstanding TV-series and soundtrack album
Star Trek : the original series. Tuotantokausi 3.
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
Body parts on planet slum : women and telenovelas in Brazil
The making of Outlander the series : the official guide to seasons one & two
Nowhere Boys
The Sopranos : series 6. Part II
"When you have a very famous father, like mine, everyone thinks they know him. My Dad, Larry Hagman, portrayed the storied, ruthless oilman JR on the TV series Dallas. He was the man everyone loved to hate, but he had a personal reputation of being a nice guy who fully subscribed to his motto: Have Fun, Don't Worry, Be Happy. Dad had a famous parent too, Mary Martin, known from many roles on Broadway, most memorably as Peter Pan. Off-stage she was a kind, elegant woman, who maintained the down home charm of her Texas roots. Both were performers to the core of their beings, masters at crafting their public images. They were beloved. And their relationship was complex and often fraught. My father never apologized for anything, even when he was wrong. But in the hours before he died, when I was alone with him in his hospital room, he begged for forgiveness. In his delirium he could not tell me what troubled him but somehow I found the words to comfort him. After he died I was compelled to learn why he felt the need to be forgiven. As I solved the troubling mystery of why my happy-go-lucky, pot-smoking, LSD-taking Dad had spent his last breaths begging to be forgiven, I also came to know my father and grandmother better than I had known them in life"--
1001 TV series you must watch before you die
The looney tunes show. 1. kausi, osa 2.
Outlander : the series : original television soundtrack. Vol. 1
The showrunners : a season inside the billion-dollar, death-defying, madcap world of televison's real stars
The fixer. Complete season one
The Sopranos : complete series 5
The cult TV book
TV toys
Small screen revelations : apocalypse in contemporary television
Remote control : Indian television in the new millennium
Austin & Ally : music from the Disney Channel series
The amazing adventures of Mr. Bean
This volume examines the role and representation of 'race' and ethnicity in the media with particular emphasis on the United States. It highlights contemporary work that focuses on changing meanings of racial and ethnic identity as they are represented in the media; television and film, digital and print media are under examination. Through fourteen innovative and interdisciplinary case studies written by a team of internationally based contributors, the volume identifies ways in which ethnic, racial, and national identities have been produced, reproduced, stereotyped, and contested. It showcases new emerging theoretical approaches in the field, and pays particular attention to the role of race, ethnicity, and national identity, along with communal and transnational allegiances, in the making of identities in the media. The topics of the chapters range from immigrant newspapers and gangster cinema to ethnic stand-up comedy and the use of 'race' in advertising.
Kid's musical theatre collection : vocal solo. Volume 1
The life and times of Call the midwife : the official campanion to series one and two
Doctor Who : 12 doctors, 12 stories
Fear the walking dead : The complete first season
Pumpkin cinema : the best movies for Halloween
Camp David : the autobiography
Dragons : defenders of Berk. Osa 2.
Making soapies in Kabul : hot days, crazy nights and dangerous liaisons in a war zone
Sounds like a fun party : the use and functions of verbal irony in the situation comedy Friends
Legends of tomorrow. 1.tuotantokausi
The who's who of Doctor Who : A whovian guide to friends, foes, villains, monsters and companions to the good doctor
Downton Abbey and philosophy : the truth is neither here nor there
Mr Bean : Eight amazing adventures. number 1
Out of orange : a memoir
Interpersonal conflict in television drama : content analysis of the intimate relationships on "Kotikatu"
Ninjago, masters of Spinjitzu : the visual dictionary
Yes please
All she wants
Inside the Tardis : the worlds of Doctor Who
Transmedia storytelling and Lost path to success
Racial and ethnic identities in the media
Koira haudattuna = Jake and the Fatman. 2. kausi
Boys from the blackstuff : making a TV drama
It's amazing! : Superheroes
The Simpsons and their mathematical secrets
Downton Abbey : the complete scripts. Season two
Poldark : music from the tv series
The Sopranos : complete series 4
Food for thought : consumer culture ideology in Regular Show
The Sopranos : complete series 3
The complete Columbia albums collection
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
The world of Smurfs : a celebration of tiny blue proportions
Yes Please
Winter at Downton Abbey
Monty Python, the case against irreverence, scurrility, profanity, vilification, and licentious abuse
Through it all I've always laughed : (an autobiography of myself) / by Count Arthur Strong
Star Trek, the visual dictionary : the ultimate guide to characters, aliens, and technology
The definitive history of "Star Wars" chronicling four decades of the world of "Star Wars"; decade by decade, year-by-year, month-by-month. Everything is covered, from the influences and creation of all six "Star Wars" movies, to the toys, books and video games that have shaped the "Star Wars" dynasty. The month-by-month format is brought to life by images from the movies, TV series, comic books and more.
Vampire diaries. The complete sixth season
Representations of apocalyptic themes and motifs in popular culture has a long history, and a number of books and edited collections have examined their influence on popular film and music. Small Screen Revelations shifts the attention to popular television, examining the ways in which contemporary television drama and news draw on both the language and imagery of apocalyptic texts. Essays in the collection examine topics such as the representation of apocalyptic prophecies and prophets in television news and documentaries; how news of natural disasters draws on apocalyptic language to frame the events, and how drama series use, develop and sometimes seek to subvert apocalyptic motifs. Thus, Small Screen Revelations offers a repositioning of the importance of television in representing the apocalypse, while providing a pertinent addition to the examination of how and for what purpose the apocalypse is used in popular culture.
Vampire diaries. The complete third season
Love you to death : the unofficial companion to the Vampire Diaries, season 5
Marvel Cinematic Universe in translation : a study of intertextual coherence and interfilmic discourse
"This book is an alphabetical examination of the nearly 200 shows telecast in the U.S. from 1948 through 2008 involving courtrooms, lawyers and judges, complete with cast and production credits, airdates, detailed synopses and background information. The book includes an introductory overview of law-oriented radio and TV broadcasts from the 1920s to the present"--Provided by publisher.
Bones : the official companion
Cult tv themes
Breaking bad : Music from the original television series
Importance of pre-production to the efficiency of a reality TV production : case Banijay Finland
Star Wars year by year : a visual history
An open heart : a study on wordplay and its translation in the Finnish subtitles in the American television series Sex and the city
Rabbids invasion : the interactive tv show : Xbox 360, Kinect
The get down : Original soundtrack from the Netflix original series
Doctor Who : Essential guide to Doctor Who
The looney tunes show. 1. kausi, osa 1.
Paddle your own canoe : one man's fundamentals for delicious living
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Watching Nostalgia : An Analysis of Nostalgic Television Fiction and its Reception
The Vampire diaries. The complete fifth season
World radio TV handbook WRTH 2017 : the directory of global broadcasting
Mr. Bean
1000 incredible costume & cosplay ideas : a showcase o creative characters from Anime, Manga, video games, movies, comics, and more!
The TV crime drama
The Sopranos : complete series 1
Gandolfini : the real life of the man who made Tony Soprano
Violetta : rhythm & music : Nintendo 3DS
Twin peaks FAQ : all that's left to know about a place both wonderful and strange
The Sopranos : complete series 2
Joss Whedon : geek king of the universe : a biography
Outlander : the series : original television soundtrack. Vol. 2
A hard day's night : the aftermath of psychological trauma in Grey's Anatomy
Television and TV viewing are not what they once were--and that's a good thing, according to award-winning author and critic Clive James. Since serving as television columnist for the London Observer from 1972 to 1982, James has witnessed a radical change in content, format, and programming, and in the very manner in which TV is watched. Here he examines this unique cultural revolution, providing a brilliant, eminently entertaining analysis of many of the medium's most notable twenty-first-century accomplishments and their not always subtle impact on modern society--including such acclaimed serial dramas as Breaking Bad, The West Wing, Mad Men, and The Sopranos, as well as the comedy 30 Rock. With intelligence and wit, James explores a television landscape expanded by cable and broadband and profoundly altered by the advent of Netflix, Amazon, and other "cord-cutting" platforms that have helped to usher in a golden age of unabashed binge-watching.
The shifting definitions of genre : essays on labeling films, television shows and media
Colloquial Finnish in subtitles : a survey on the British situation comedy Peep Show
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Empire : original soundtrack from season 1 : piano, vocal, guitar
Downton Abbey : a celebration
It could be Wegener's granulomatosis : subtitling medical terminology in drama series House M.D
The Simpsons 'on strike' : what a viewing audience learns about work from a TV-series
Roaming Midsomer : walking and eating in the murderous heart of England
Serial television : big drama on the small screen
A woman loved
Behind the scenes at Downton Abbey
True blood : eats, drinks, and bites from Bon Temps
Buffy the vampire slayer : the quotable slayer : a complete collection of killer quotes from all seven seasons
The Borgias : music from the showtime original series
Doctor Who
"Game of Thrones, one of the hottest series on television leaves hundreds of critics divided on how "feminist" the show really is. Certainly the female characters embody a spectrum of archetypes. However, the problematic area is that most of them play a single role without nuance. This book analyzes the women and their portrayals one by one"--
Batman : facts and stats from the classic TV show
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
It’s Not TV argues that HBO, as part of the leading edge of television, is at the center of television studies’ interests in market positioning, style, content, technology, and political economy. Each essay focuses on a specific key term in television studies, drawing on a particular aspect of the "HBO effect" to explore new avenues by which we can write and think about what is happening in the current television climate from radical changes in broadcasting technology to shifts in viewing habits in the wake of DVR, on-demand digital cable services, and DVDs, for example. By taking a number of approaches and focusing on a number of key critical terms, this book will enable students to familiarize themselves with the vocabulary of a burgeoning field, while at once seeing these approaches put into practice via the case studies of popular programs including The Sopranos, Six Feet Under, and Sex and the City. By identifying HBO not simply as a channel, rather examining it as a phenomenon within the larger televisual context – at the height of its popularity and success – this collection is taking the pulse of contemporary culture in order to consider how television is created and consumed in the information age. It’s Not TV gives readers a space wherein they will find sustained investigations and varied responses to one of the most important sites of cultural production today. This collection brings together scholars from fields such as media studies, journalism, popular culture, communication studies, urban studies, political science, visual studies, and women’s studies who have examined the phenomenon of HBO in one way or another from within their specific disciplines.
Kids' musical theatre collection : vocal solo. Volume 2
Play all : a bingewatcher's notebook
Whoniverse : An unofficial planet-by-planet guide to the worlds of The Doctor from Galifrey to Skaro
A year in the life of Downton Abbey
"I haven't had that much fun since labour." : Subtitling sarco-ironic remarks in Gilmore girls
"Histories of science fiction often discuss Fritz Lang's Metropolis as a classic text within the genre--yet the term "science fiction" had not been invented at the time of the film's release. Does retroactive assignment to a genre change our understanding of a film? These provocative questions are at the heart of this book"--
The Simpsons did it! : postmodernity in yellow
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
DCI Banks : complete series 1 / ohjaajat Paul Whittington, Bill Anderson, Marek Losey, James Hawes
Voyage through a complete illustrated tour of the Star Trek Galaxy and explore the bridge of the U.S.S. Enterprise, Borg technology, The Dominion War, The Q Continuum and much more in Star Trek: The Visual Dictionary. Featuring the celebrated as well as infamous characters, aliens, starships, and technology, this stunning hardcover tome from DK shows the Star Trek Universe as you have never seen it before.
