http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25822 single currency
single currency
SEPA migration projects in Finnish companies
Intergovernmental conferences : contributions by the Commission
European monetary integration : [from the European Monetary System to European Monetary Union]
European public spheres : politics is back
The first euros : the creation and issue of the first euro banknotes and the road to the Europa series
Access to European Union : institutions and politics
The choice for Europe : social purpose and state power from Messina to Maastricht
An introduction to the international protection of human rights : a textbook
European monetary integration : from German dominance to an EC central bank
The globalization of markets : capital flows, exchange rates and trade regimes
EU Single Market  : The evolution of the European Single Market
The European Union : economics and policies
An economic analysis of the EU
A possible world : democratic transformation of global institutions
Thailand's crisis
Blockchain : blueprint for a new economy
Delegation and agency in international organizations
Trade diversion in a currency union
Round table on the Euro : the communications challenge
From a global market place to political spaces : the North-South dialogue continues
EU single market : the evolution of the European single market
The euro trap : on bursting bubbles, budgets, and beliefs
Finland and EMU : [EMU Expert Working Group report]
The UN under attack
The battle of Bretton Woods : John Maynard Keynes, Harry Dexter White, and the making of a new world order
1992 and after
Dutch disease in aid-recipient countries : are there medicines to avoid an outbreak?
International monetary and financial issues for the 1990s : research papers for the Group of Twenty-Four. Vol. 11
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The globalizers : the IMF, the World Bank, and their borrowers
East Asia's monetary future : integration in the global economy
International business : environments and operations
European financial integration
Access to European Union : law, economics, policies
The IMF, the World Bank group and the question of human rights
Euro - how big a difference : Finland and Sweden in search of macro stability
This book offers a critical assessment of the history of the euro, its crisis, and the rescue measures taken by the European Central Bank and the community of states.
Global democracy initiatives : the art of possible
EMS after the German Monetary Union : more or less credible?
The single monetary policy in stage three : specification of the operational framework
International organizations : perspectives on governance in the twenty-first century
Between light and shadow : the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund and international human rights law
The euro experiment
The single financial market
European business
The euro and its threat to the future of Europe
Concern for Community in a Globalizing World : February 11-12, 1999 Mikkeli Finland : Conference report
Currency management costs
The tourism business : an introduction
Making globalization work
Economics of monetary union
"In an engaging style based on extensive research, Paper Money Collapse shows conclusively why paper money systems - monetary systems that are based on an elastic and constantly expanding supply of money (such as our system today) as opposed to a system of commodity money of essentially fixed supply - are inherently unstable and why they must lead to economic disintegration. All paper money systems in history ended in failure. The book shows why this must be the case and why it will also be the fate of the present system. The conclusions are controversial as they go against the present consensus, which holds that elastic state money is superior to inflexible commodity money (such as a gold standard), and that expanding money is harmless or even beneficial for as long as inflation stays low. The book shows that the present crisis is the unavoidable result of continuously expanding fiat money, that the current policy of accelerated money production to 'stimulate' the economy is counterproductive and that, if pursued further, it will lead to a complete collapse of the monetary system.Paper money systems are confidence games. When the public realizes that the printing press is increasingly used to keep states and banks solvent, this confidence will evaporate quickly. The endgame will then be sovereign default, hyperinflation and economic chaos"--Provided by publisher.
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
European economy. Reports and studies. 1995, 4, The impact of exchange-rate movements on trade within the single market
International organization : polity, politics and policies
Contesting global governance : multilateral economic institutions and global social movements
The Euro crisis
Abstract: EU single market : the evolution of the European single market. The purpose of this study paper was to define what is the EU Single Market in theory, how it began and to compare it with the current reality. Problems achieving political objectives in the 1990s. Also, what it has turned into today i.e. the EU's enlargements 2004 and 2007 to 27. Demographics and what kind of economic convergence takes place in new member states. The methodology used in this study was qualitative. They consisted of both source books and newspaper articles, and the internet news agencies e.g. Financial Times, Telegraph, and web sources of the European Commission. The results revealed that the Union has many issues and failures. It is also clear that stability is difficult to maintain as many factors influence the situation of the Union e.g. different economies of the member states in the South and North, convergence issues. GDP is not a perfect measurement to see what is going on because even if the GDP is high it may not mean that a state is wealthy. The conclusion of the study was that the EU is a political union. Its enlargement is hard to understand as the criteria used to assess eligibility of a state are very subjective. The contemporary issues with such member states as Latvia, Greece, Ireland, Spain and Estonia joining Euro currency as an example of success while other states struggle make the EU look very political union rather than economic one.
Studies on the macroeconomics of monetary union
Paper money collapse : the folly of elastic money and the coming monetary breakdown
Global citizen action
The state of the European Community : policies, institutions and debates in the transition years
Europe's orphan : the future of the Euro and the politics of debt
The models on success. Part 3, Japan : report on videoconference "Two challenges of the 21st century" in the Finnish Parliament and the Finnish Embassy in Japan 5.2.1999 organized by the Parliamentary Committee for the Future and the Embassy of Finland
A clear, analytical and balanced guide to the euro experiment and subsequent crisis that will appeal to a wide readership.
The lost continent : the BBC's Europe editor on Europe's darkest hour since World War Two
International business
International business : a managerial perspective
Crisis in the Eurozone
Summary: The euro crisis has led to an unprecedented Europeanization and politicization of public spheres across the continent. In this volume, leading scholars make two claims. First, they suggest that transnational crossborder communication in Europe has been encouraged through the gradual Europeanization of national as well as issue-specific public spheres. Second, the politicization of European affairs - at the European Union (EU) level and in the domestic politics of member states - is inevitable and here to stay. Europeanized...
The end of the euro : the uneasy future of the European Union
The crisis of the European Union
The industries of the future
The political economy of monetary union
