http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2581 clowns
clowns
Cosmologies of comedic power : a little invention goes a long way
The art of clowning
Clowns
The Great parade : portrait of the artist as clown : [Galeries Nationales du Grand Palais, Paris, 12.3. - 31.5.2004 : National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa, 25.6. - 19.9.2004] / exhibition organized by Pierre Théberge ; edited by Jean Clair
Clown for circus & stage
Sad clowns and pale pierrots : literature and the popular comic arts in 19th-century France
Serious play : modern clown performance
The clown manifesto : based on P. Nalle Laanela's international research on physical comedy
Rings of desire : circus history and representation
Popular theatre : a sourcebook
The king and the clown in South Indian myth and poetry
Clown skits for everyone
Crafty clowns
Clowns in cross stitch
The semiotics of clowns and clowing : rituals of transgression and the theory of laughter
Clowns for beginners
Models and mirrors : towards an anthropology of public events
Clown
Clowns in anthropology : a review of the literature
The clown in you : a guide to contemporary clowning
The greative book of soft toys
Clowns & tricksters : an encyclopedia of tradition and culture
The great parade : portrait of the artist as clown
The quiet girl
A circus year
Here comes the circus
The reversible world : symbolic inversion in art and society
Part clown manual, part storytelling and part rant - The Clown Manifesto covers the experiences, philosophies and methods of the clown performer/director/teacher Nalleslavski. A book for clowns, physical comedians, actors, musicians, jugglers, puppeteers, magicians, street performers and dancers. Whatever form your clowning takes - theatre, street theatre, comedy, burlesque, magic, circus - the mischievously named Nalleslavski Method gives you practical tools to create comedy material that works universally, across cultural and language barriers.
The English clown tradition from the Middle Ages to Shakespeare
How to be a Compleat CLOWN
Angels can fly : a modern clown user guide
Kids perform circus arts
1000 clowns more or less : a visual history of the American clown = die Geschichte des amerikanischen Clowns in Bildern = l'histoire en images du clown américain
Diary of a circus performer
Why is that so funny? : a practical exploration of physical comedy
Clown Doctors : a clown is like an aspirin, only he works twice as fast
The stage clown in Shakespeare's theatre
The grave robber's daughter
Clowns : in conversation with modern masters
The Victorian Clown, first published in 2006, is a micro-history of mid-Victorian comedy, spun out of the life and work of two professional clowns. Their previously unpublished manuscripts - James Frowde's account of his young life with the famous Henglers' circus in the 1850s and Thomas Lawrence's 1871 gag book - offer unique, unmediated access to the grass roots of popular entertainment. Through them this book explores the role of the circus clown at the height of equestrian entertainment in Britain, when the comic managed audience attention for the riders and acrobats, parodying their skills in his own tumbling and contortionism, and also offered a running commentary on the times through his own 'wheezes' - stand-up comedy sets. Plays in the ring connect the circus to the stage, and both these men were also comic singers, giving a sharp insight into popular music just as it was being transformed by the new institution of music hall.
THE WORLD OF HARLEQUIN
It
D. B. Kabalevsky's Joey the clown (The comedians)
Art as spectacle : images of the entertainer since romanticism
Durov's pig : clowns, politics and theatre
Clown scenes
The congress of clowns and other Russian circus acts
Dr Fruit-Loop goes to East Timor : what constitutes medicine in a war-torn country?
The clown in native North America
No kidding! : clown as protagonist in twentieth-century theatre
The Pickle clowns : new American circus comedy
Clowns: In Conversation with Modern Masters is a groundbreaking collection of conversations with 20 of the greatest clowns on earth. In discussion with clown aficionados Ezra LeBank and David Bridel, these legends of comedy reveal the origins, inspirations, techniques, and philosophies that underpin their remarkable odysseys. Featuring incomparable artists, including Slava Polunin, Bill Irwin, David Shiner, Oleg Popov, Dimitri, Nola Rae, and many more, Clowns is a unique and definitive study on the art of clowning. In Clowns, these 20 master artists speak candidly about their first encounters with clowning and circus, the crucial decisions that carved out the foundations of their style, and the role of teachers and mentors who shaped their development. Follow the twists and turns that changed the direction of their art and careers, explore the role of failure and originality in their lives and performances, and examine the development and evolution of the signature routines that became each clown's trademark. The discussions culminate in meditations on the role of clowning in the modern world, as these great practitioners share their perspectives on the mysterious, elusive art of the clown.
Stephen Kingin Se = Stephen King's It
I want to be a clown
I never went to clown college : (the ramblings, recollections and reflections of a circus producing clown) 1945-1956
Woven gods : female clowns and power in Rotuma
The ultimate clown act omnibus
Ed the happy clown : a graphic-novel
Clowns of the Hopi : traditions and delight makers
Cosmic clowns : convention, invention, and inversion in the Yaqui easter ritual
During the last 300 years circus clowns have emerged as powerful cultural icons. This is the first semiotic analysis of the range of make-up and costumes through which the clowns' performing identities have been established and go on developing. It also examines what Bouissac terms 'micronarratives' - narrative meanings that clowns generate through their acts, dialogues and gestures. Putting a repertory of clown performances under the semiotic microscope leads to the conclusion that the performances are all interconnected and come from what might be termed a 'mythical matrix'. These micronarratives replicate in context-sensitive forms a master narrative whose general theme refers to the emergence of cultures and constraints that they place upon instinctual behaviour. From this vantage point, each performance can be considered as a ritual which re-enacts the primitive violence inherent in all cultures and the temporary resolutions which must be negotiated as the outcome. Why do these acts of transgression and re-integration then trigger laughter and wonder? What kind of mirror does this put up to society? In a masterful semiotic analysis, Bouissac delves into decades of research to answer these questions.
The Victorian clown
Clown : readings in theatre practice
Fizzlebert stump and the bearded boy
Clowns of the 20th century! : photographs of 100 years of circus clowns
