http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25893 providence
providence
Faith seeking understanding : an introduction to Christian theology
In this examination of the questions posed by the problem of evil, John Feinberg addresses the intellectual and theological framework of theodicy. Beginning with a discussion of the logical problem of evil, he interacts with leading thinkers who have previously written on these themes.
Introducing christian theologies. Volume one, Voices from global Christian communities
Providence, evil and the openness of God
One thousand gifts : a dare to live fully right where you are
Divine intervention : metaphysical and epistemological puzzles
The end of Christianity : finding a good God in an evil world
The book of Job in medieval Jewish philosophy
Should Christianity's theological face remain largely European and North American in the twenty-first century in the wake of the expansion of Christianity in sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, and Latin America? The question about the "theological face" of Christianity cannot be ignored. For too long African, Asian, and Latin American theologians have been left out of mainstream theological discussions. Few standard textbooks on Christian theology acknowledge the unique contributions theologians from these continents have made to global Christianity. Introducing Christian Theologies: Voices from Global Christian Communities is a two-volume textbook that alters the predominantly European and North American "theological face" of Christianity by interacting with the voices of the Christian communities from around the globe. Introducing Christian Theologies explores the works of key theologians from across the globe, highlighting their unique contributions to Christian theology and doctrine. --
Ten problems concerning providence
Ontology and providence in creation : taking ex nihilo seriously
Renewal theology. [1], God, the world & redemption
Essays on key moments in the intellectual history of the West. This book forms a major contribution to the discussion on fate, providence and moral responsibility in Antiquity, the Middle Ages and Early Modern times. Through 37 original papers, renowned scholars from many different countries, as well as a number of young and promising researchers, write the history of the philosophical problems of freedom and determinism since its origins in pre-socratic philosophy up to the seventeenth century. The main focus points are classic Antiquity (Plato and Aristotle), the Neoplatonic synthesis of lat.
"Providence, Evil and the Openness of God is a timely exploration of the philosophical implications of the rapidly growing theological movement known as open theism, or the "openness of God." William Hasker, one of the philosophers prominently associated with this movement, presents the strengths of this position in comparison with its main competitors: Calvinism, process theism and the theory of divine middle knowledge, or Molinism." "In this collection of essays, the author develops alternative approaches to the problem of evil and to the problem of divine action in the world. In particular, he argues that believers should not maintain the view that each and every evil that occurs is permitted by God as a means to a "greater good." He contends that open theism makes possible an emphasis on the personalism of divine-human interaction in a way that traditional views, with their heavy emphasis on divine control, cannot easily match. The book concludes with a section of replies to critics, in which many of the objections leveled against open theism are addressed." "Providence, Evil and the Openness of God will be essential reading for advanced students and academics in the fields of Philosophy, Philosophy of Religion and Theology."--BOOK JACKET.
On providence and other essays
Fate, providence and moral responsibility in ancient, medieval and early modern thought : studies in honour of Carlos Steel
Providence and personalism : Karl Barth in conversation with Austin Farrer, John Macmurray, and Vincent Brümmer
The many faces of evil : theological systems and the problems of evil
The anthropology of Protestantism : faith and crisis among Scottish fishermen
