http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25850 introspection
introspection
Dancing in the dark. My struggle book 4
Mindfulness : relations to attention regulation, decentering, and psychological well-being
Subliminal : how your unconscious mind rules your behavior
Focus : the hidden driver of excellence
Mastermind : how to think like Sherlock Holmes
"A discussion of the power of introverts for kids and teens with a focus on school, family life, and friendship"--
Spinoza on self-contentment
Assessing foreign language listening comprehension by means of the multiple-choice format : processes and products
Self-study research methodologies for teacher educators
Just who do we think we are? : methodologies for autobiography and self-study in teaching
"The monumental bestseller Quiet has been recast in a new edition that empowers introverted kids and teens    Susan Cain sparked a worldwide conversation when she published Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking. With her inspiring book, she permanently changed the way we see introverts and the way introverts see themselves.  The original book focused on the workplace, and Susan realized that a version for and about kids was also badly needed. This book is all about kids' world--school, extracurriculars, family life, and friendship. You'll read about actual kids who have tackled the challenges of not being extroverted and who have made a mark in their own quiet way. You'll hear Susan Cain's own story, and you'll be able to make use of the tips at the end of each chapter. There's even a guide at the end of the book for parents and teachers.  This insightful, accessible, and empowering book, illustrated with amusing comic-style art, will be eye-opening to extroverts and introverts alike"--
Guide to transforming teaching through self-inquiry
Becoming a teacher in the crossfire of video cameras
Seating arrangements
Self-Study Research Methodologies for Teacher Educators is a comprehensive text that delineates a range of research methodologies. This edited volume, with many chapters written by self-study scholars who are noted in the field for particular methodological and epistemological perspectives, helps fill the gap in the literature on self-study research methods. It provides readers with an opportunity to examine various methodologies which will not only help them deepen their understanding of research but also, will allow them to select one that best suits their needs. Both new and experienced researchers will find this text valuable. We consider Self-Study Research Methodologies for Teacher Educators a valuable contribution to the field of teacher education.
Self-observation in the social sciences
Self-tracking
Glittering promises : a novel
Unity and modularity in the mind and the self : studies on the relationships between self-awareness, personality, and intellectual development from childhood to adolescence
The philosophical baby : what children's minds tell us about truth, love, and the meaning of life
Alive in the writing : crafting ethnography in the company of Chekhov
Self-study of practice as a genre of qualitative research : theory, methodology, and practice
Transforming images : screens, affect, futures
For Cora Kensington, the Grand Tour was to be the trip of a lifetime.  She discovered the family she never knew she had and may have even found the love she longs for in Will.
Quiet power : the secret strengths of introverts
Qualitative methods in sociolinguistics
For Cora Kensington, the journey of a lifetime has taken unexpected turns. And her future - her very life - depends on the decisions she'll make at each crossroad. As the Grand Tour with her newfound family winds through France, Austria, and Italy, an unseen enemy trails close behind. And a forbidden love continues to put everyone's plans at risk. Cora must escape the bonds of the past and discover the faith to make the right choices...because each one has grave consequences.
Evaluation and control of physical load factors at work
The people in the trees
Tiger Writing : art, culture, and the interdependent self
Psychological anthropology
Measuring self-concept across the life span : issues and instrumentation
The self-aware image : an insight into early modern metapainting
Seeing the light : the social logic of personal discovery
Monologues for calculating the density of black holes
Glamorous illusions : a novel
"The notion of the painting as an art object is a relatively recent invention. This book offers an impressive and complex account of the origins and development of this invention from the late Renaissance through the end of the baroque age. In comparison to the "old" image characterized by its preeminently liturgical function and its display in a predetermined space, the painting as the "new" image is increasingly autonomous and movable. As a modern art object, the painting becomes the focus of an aesthetic contemplation through its insertion into a gallery or a collection. As a result of the Protestant iconoclasm and the advancement of scientific knowledge, the essence and role of the image is put into question and thematized not only by theologians and scholars, but especially by artists. The painting thus becomes a field of visual experimentation in which art reflects on itself, its potential, its limits, its truth, and its nothingness. The representation of windows, doors, niches, mirrors, and paintings enable artists to embed the image within the image, to "frame" the fictiveness of the image in order to deceive, puzzle, and challenge the beholder. The pictorial devices through which artists introduce their authorial self into the image and stage the making of the image itself form the foundation of a new poetics: the poetics of metapainting"--
Start where you are
Knight of cups
The ethnographic self as resource : writing memory and experience into ethnography
First-person methods : toward an empirical phenomenology of experience
