http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25824 autofiction
autofiction
" Writing, one of Marguerite Duras's last works, is a meditation on the process of writing and on her need for solitude in order to do it. In the five short pieces collected in this volume, she explores experiences that had an emotional impact on her and that inspired her to write. These vary from the death of a pilot in World War II, to the death of a fly, to an art exhibition. Two of the pieces were made into documentary films, and one was originally a short film. Both autobiographical and fictional, like much of her work, Writing displays Duras's unique worldview and sensitive insight in her simple and poetic prose"--Provided by publisher.
Black wave
This is David Foster Wallace's final and most ambitious undertaking - an audacious and hilarious look into the abyss of ordinary life. The agents at the IRS Regional Examination Centre in Peoria, Illinois, appear ordinary enough to newly arrived trainee David Wallace. But as he immerses himself in a routine so tedious and repetitive that new employees receive boredom-survival training, he learns of the extraordinary variety of personalities drawn to this strange calling. And he has arrived at a moment when forces within the IRS are plotting to eliminate even what little humanity and dignity the work still has. "The Pale King" remained unfinished at the time of David Foster Wallace's death, but it is a deeply intriguing and satisfying novel, hilarious and fearless and as original as anything Wallace ever undertook. It grapples directly with ultimate questions - questions of life's meaning and of the ultimate value of work and family - through characters imagined with the interior force and generosity that were Wallace's unique gifts. Along the way it suggests a new idea of heroism and commands infinite respect for a writer who dared to take on the most daunting subjects the human spirit can imagine.
Writing
Some rain must fall. My struggle book 5
Summertime : scenes from provincial life
The diary novel
The treacherous imagination : intimacy, ethics, and autobiographical fiction
The autobiography of Benvenuto Cellini
Cain's book
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
Forme di narrazione autobiografica nelle letterature scandinave = Forms of autobiographical narration in Scandinavian literature
Self impression : life-writing, autobiografiction, and the forms of modern literature
Gunshots at dawn
Dancing in the dark. My struggle book 4
Max Saunders explores the ways in which modern writers from the 1870s to the 1930s experimented with forms of life-writing such as biography, autobiography, memoir, diary and journal for the purposes of fiction. He identifies a wave of new hybrid forms from the late 19th century and provides a fresh look at turn-of-the-century literature.
Twilight of the Eastern Gods
Women's life writing, 1700-1850 : gender, genre and authorship
In the dark places : an inspector Banks novel
Biography, identity and the modern interior
The taxi about Town
As Banks and his team follow what few clues they have, desperate to find the missing boy, who holds the key to the puzzle, they find themselves branching out in different directions. As the end game becomes a race against time, even Banks's team isn't safe from the rage of the hunted animal / Library of Congress.
City of angels, or, the Overcoat of Dr. Freud
Written in America while Trocchi was working on a scow on the Hudson River, "Cain's Book" is an extraordinary autobiographical account about a junky's life, and an honest, raunchy, eye-opening trip through hell. Probably the most famous novel about drug addiction and the hazards and excitements of an addict's life after "Naked Lunch", this modern classic - which was prosecuted in Britain for obscenity in 1965 - still shocks in its frankness and is sadly relevant to this day.
Interfaces : women, autobiography, image, performance
Textual and visual selves : photography, film and comic art in French autobiography
The quality of silence
Achieving autobiographical form : a twentieth century perspective
The human part
The unbearable dreamworld of Champa the driver
Native realm : a search for self-definition
In the fast lane
Being Irish in an American world : Frank McCourt's Angela's ashes as a cultural description of memory
"1958. In a dorm room in Moscow, a young writer is woken by the sound of angry voices on the radio. Through the fog of a hangover he hears the news that a novel called Doctor Zhivago has earned its author the Nobel Prize. There is uproar. The author, Boris Pasternak, faces exile, the press hound him and demand that he refuse the award. A few days earlier the young writer found a copy of this book - could those simple pages really be so dangerous? Based on Ismaïl Kadare's own experience, Twilight of the Eastern Gods is a fictionalised recreation of his time as a student at the prestigious Gorky Institute for World Literature - a strange 'factory of the intellect' set up to produce a new generation of Socialist writers. With its drunken nights, uninspiring professors, specially selected students and enforced Socialist Realism his time at the Gorky Institute brought Kadare to the brink of abandoning writing altogether. In English for the first time, Twilight of the Eastern Gods is a portrait of a city and a time, it is a story of youth, of disenchantment and of the incredible importance of the written word. "--Canongate.
The pale king : an unfinished novel
The author as protagonist : autobiographical narrative in Finland
Nodes of contemporary Finnish literature
