http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2588 endocrine system
endocrine system
Basic endocrine pathology
Trends in comparative endocrinology and neurobiology : from molecular to integrative biology
Endocrine disruption : biological bases for health effects in wildlife and humans
Why do I still have thyroid symptoms? when my lab tests are normal : a revolutionary breakthrough in understanding Hashimoto's disease and hypothyroidism
Endocrine function and growth in young patients with childhood- or adolescence-onset epilepsy
Fish physiology. 2, The ondocrine system
Endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases : a compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology
Epidermal growth factor in human urine
Physiology of domestic animals
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 1 : Endocrine pancreas
A textbook of comparative endocrinology
Yearbook of pediatric endocrinology 2014
Manual of small animal endocrinology
Tietz textbook of clinical chemistry
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations : [vol.4]. Volume 4, a compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy and pathofysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
Comprehensive insect physiology, biochemistry and pharmacology. Volume 7, Endocrinology 1
Fish physiology. 9, Reproduction : part A : endocrine tissues and hormones
Hormone-disruptive chemical contaminants in food
Laboratory animal endocrinology : hormonal action, control mechanisms and interactions with drugs
McDonald's veterinary endodrinology and reproduction
The anatomy coloring book
Yearbook of pediatric endocrinology 2013
Clinical biochemistry : an illustrated colour text
Essentials of anatomy and physiology
Effect of environment and management on reproductive efficiency of sows : with special emphasis on control of seasonal infertility
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 4, A compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
Immunological studies on Addison's disease
Animal reproduction : invited papers
Clinical endocrinology of dogs and cats : an illustrated text
Feeding affects reproducctive performance and reproductive endocrinology in the gilt and sow
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts : Section 7: Endocrinology. Vol 7, Female reproductive system, part 2
Clinical endocrinology of companion animals
Yen and Jaffe's reproductive endocrinology : physiology, pathophysiology, and clinical management
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts : Section 7: Endocrinology. Vol. 2, Female reproductive system, part 1
Comprehensive insect physiology, biochemistry and pharmacology. Volume 8, Endocrinology 2
Special reports: Teplice Program - the impact of air pollution on human health
Endocrine and paracrine modulation of gonadotropin action in the rat testis
Seasonality, photoperiod and nutritional status in the control of endocrinological weight-regulation
Real anatomy 1.0
Pituitary gland receives both central and peripheral neuropeptide Y innervation
XVI Spring Meeting of the Finnish Endocrine Society : Kuopio, April 6-7, 1990 : advanced abstracts
Fish physiology. Vol. 13, Molecular endocrinology of fish
Canine and feline endocrinology and reproduction
Adolescent gynecology and endocrinology : basic and clinical aspects
Comparative biochemistry and physiology. C, Pharmacology toxicology and endocrinology
Principles and processes for evaluating endocrine disruption in wildlife
An introduction to behavioral endocrinology
Medical-surgical nursing : concepts and activities
Sex hormones, exercise and women : scientific and clinical aspects
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 4 : The pituitary gland and its neuroendocrine control, part 2
15th European Workshop on Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology of the Testis : 15th European Testis Workshop with NAFA Annual Meeting, Naantali, May 2nd-6th, 2008 Naantali, Finland : programme & miniposters
Lymphocyte beeta2-adrenoceptor density as an indicator of sympathetic nervous activity : special reference to menstrual cycle, pregnancy, labour and delivery
GH deficiency, GH excess and pituitary adenomas
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts : Section 7: Endocrinology. Vol. 6, Adrenal gland
Endocrine changes in relation to light-darkness cycle and stress with special regard to steroid hormones: review of recent developments
Reproduction : a behavioral and neuroendocrine perspective
Research for management of environmental risks from endocrine disrupters : contexts, knowledge base, methodologies and strategies
An introduction to general and comparative endocrinology
Diagnostics of endocrine function in children and adolescents
Behavioral endocrinology
Form and function in birds. 2
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 4 : The pituitary gland and its neuroendocrine control, part 1
Fish physiology. 2, The endocrine system
Pediatric endocrinology
Endocrinology of calcium metabolism : proceedings... Vancouver, Canada, June 12-17, 1977
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations. 4, A compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
Endocrine-disrupting chemicals in food
BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is the perfect text for undergraduates looking for a concise introduction to the subject, or a study guide to use before examinations. Each topic begins with a summary of essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on core information, with clear, simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and exams. BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is fully up-to-date and covers: Organization of the Nervous System Neuron Excitation Synapses Neurotransmitters Elements of Neural Computing Somatosensory Systems Vision Hearing Smell and Taste Motor Function: Spinal Cord and Brainstem Movement: Cortex, Cerebellum and Basal Ganglia Neuroendocrinology and Autonomic Functions Brain and Behaviour Learning and Memory Neuroscience Methods.
Stress and fish
Endocrine diseases of the dog
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 3 : Thyroid
Endocrinology. Section 7, Parathyroid gland : Vol. 7
Superfluous expression of tryptophan hydroxylase in the zona incerta dopaminergic neurones
Applied animal endocrinology
An illustrated review of the endocrine system
Living well with Graves' disease and hyperthyroidism : what your doctor doesn't tell you... that you need to know
Journal of clinical endocrinology & metabolism
Regulation of thyrotropin and prolactin secretion by opioids in the rat
Greenspan's basic & clinical endocrinology
General and comparative endocrinology
Idiopathic hyperealeiuria : its relation to ramalcalculi and hyperparathyroidism
The endocrine system in sports and exercise
Master your metabolism : the 3 diet secrets to naturally balancing your hormones for a hot and healthy body!
The CIBA collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 4, A compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
15. Spring meeting of the Finnish Endocrine Society, Tampere April 14-15, 1989 : advanced abstracts
Avian biology. 9
The comparative endocrinology of the invertebrates
On the morphology of blood and bone-marrow in thyrotoxicosis : inaugural dissertation
Veterinary endocrinology and reproduction
Functional avian endocrinology
Comparative animal physiology. Vol. 2, Sensory, effector, and integrative physiology
Essentials of human anatomy & physiology
