http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25863 Fall of man
Fall of man
The fall of man and the foundations of science
"Cain, son of Adam. Inventor of murder. Cursed by God. The closest thing this doomed world has to a savior. It's 1,600 years after Eden, and life on earth has already gone to hell. The world of man is a place of wanton cruelty and wickedness. Prehistoric monsters and Stone Age marauders roam the land. Murder and destruciton are the rules of the day. This is the story of man on the verge of his first apocalypse. This is life before the Flood. Welcome to the world of the Goddamned."
The trial of innocence : Adam, Eve, and the Yahwist
Images of anarchy : the rhetoric and science in Hobbes's state of nature
The genesis of perfection : Adam and Eve in Jewish and Christian imagination
Consecrated venom : the serpent and the tree of knowledge
Philosophical myths of the fall
Hobbes's concept of the natural condition of mankind became an inescapable point of reference for subsequent political thought, shaping the theories of emulators and critics alike, and has had a profound impact on our understanding of human nature, anarchy, and international relations. Yet, despite Hobbes's insistence on precision, the state of nature is an elusive concept. Has it ever existed and, if so, for whom? Hobbes offered several answers to these questions, which taken together reveal a consistent strategy aimed at providing his readers with a possible, probable, and memorable account of the consequences of disobedience. This book examines the development of this powerful image throughout Hobbes's works, and traces its origins in his sources of inspiration. The resulting trajectory of the state of nature illuminates the ways in which Hobbes employed a rhetoric of science and a science of rhetoric in his relentless pursuit of peace.
"Satan still in gaze" : Satan's point of view in Eve's representation in Milton's Paradise lost
The goddamned. Book one, Before the flood
Beginnings : ancient Christian readings of the biblical creation narratives
