http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25836 urban agriculture
urban agriculture
When the author, a Columbia professor, set out to solve America's food, water, and energy crises, he didn't just think big, he thought up. His stroke of genius, the vertical farm, has excited scientists, architects, and politicians around the globe. These multi-story intensely managed indoor farms, grown inside skyscrapers, are capable of producing traditional greenhouse crops, as well as pigs and fowl, year-round. They would provide solutions to many of the serious problems the world is facing.
The Cambridge companion to modern Indian culture
Agriculture in the City's countryside
Edible estates : attack on the front lawn
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Bologna, Italy, June 9 - 13, 2009.. Vol. 2
As more people flock to urban areas to live, nowhere are the empowering principles of permaculture more needed and desired than in our cities. Author Toby Hemenway (Gaia's Garden) demonstrates that the same nature-based approach that connects the pieces of our landscape together in harmonious ways applies perfectly to our need for water, shelter, food, energy, livelihood, and community. Hemenway moves beyond urban gardening and offers readers practical tips as well as examples from around the country of how people are using permaculture principles to live more sustainably and build deeper connections in urban areas. The Permaculture City also documents the rise of a new sophistication, depth, and diversity in the approaches and thinking of permaculture designers and practitioners, and provides hope and opportunity for our cities, towns, and suburbs.
Rooftop vegetables and urban contamination : trace elements and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in crops from Helsinki rooftops
Bees in urban community gardens - local versus landscape determinants
Nature's day : discover the world of wonder on your doorstep
Feldstudien : zur neuen Ästhetik urbaner Landwirtschaft = Field studies : the new aesthetics of urban agriculture
Edible cities : urban permaculture for gardens, yards, balconies, rooftops, and beyond
On guerrilla gardening : a handbook for gardening without boundaries
Building on water : Venice, Holland, and the construction of the European landscape in early modern times
Spices and herbs for home and market
Future floating community for Singapore 2030
Cities and agriculture : developing resilient urban food systems
Although urban allotment gardening dates back to the nineteenth century, it has recently undergone a renaissance of interest and popularity. This is the result of greater concern over urban greenspace, food security and quality of life. This book presents a comprehensive, research-based overview of the various features, benefits and values associated with urban allotment gardening in Europe. The book is based on a European COST Action project, which brings together researchers and practitioners from all over Europe for the first detailed exploration of the subject on a continent-wide scale. It assesses the policy, planning and design aspects, as well as the social and ecological benefits of urban allotment gardening. Through an examination of the wide range of different traditions and practices across Europe, it brings together the most recent research to discuss the latest evolutions of urban allotment gardening and to help raise awareness and fill knowledge gaps. The book provides a multidisciplinary perspective, including insights from horticulture and soil science, ecology, sociology, urban geography, landscape, planning and design. The themes are underpinned by case studies from a number of European countries which supply a wide range of examples to illustrate different key issues.
African indigenous vegetables in urban agriculture
Growing up the wall : how to grow food in vertical places, on roofs and in small spaces
The urban homestead : your guide to self-sufficient living in the heart of the city
A good year
State of the world 2011 : innovations that nourish the planet : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Decentralised planning and development : new directions
Rural and urban aspects of early medieval northwest Europe
Proceedings of the XXVIII International Horticultural Congress on Science and Horticulture for People. Proceedings of the International Symposium on Advances in Ornamentals, Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Lisbon, Portugal, August 22-27, 2010
The permaculture city : regenerative design for urban, suburban, and town resilience
Horticultured cities
Eat, cook, grow : mixing human-computer interactions with human-food interactions
From Roman proconsularis to Islamic Ifrīqiyah
"India is changing at a rapid pace as it continues to move from its colonial past to its globalised future. This Companion offers a framework for understanding that change, and how modern cultural forms have emerged out of very different histories and traditions. The book provides accounts of literature, theatre, film, modern and popular art, music, television and food; it also explores in detail social divisions, customs, communications and daily life. In a series of engaging, erudite and occasionally moving essays the contributors, drawn from a variety of disciplines, examine not merely what constitutes modern Indian culture, but just how wide-ranging are the cultures that persist in the regions of India. This volume will help the reader understand the continuities and fissures within Indian culture and some of the conflicts arising from them. Throughout, what comes to the fore is the extraordinary richness and diversity of modern Indian culture"--
"When Richard Reynolds began gardening secretly outside his council block in south London, he had no idea he was part of a global movement committed to combating the urban forces of litter, pollution, vandalism and, worst of all, apathy about public spaces. At first Reynolds was content to work alone, recording his experiences on his weblog." "The council "responsible" for the spaces took no interest, not even when Reynolds entered one of his plots for the Southwark in Bloom competition. But word of his nocturnal endeavours quickly spread, as guerrilla gardeners from all over the globe wrote to Reynolds with their tips for making seed bombs, planting grime-resistant flowers and avoiding arrest, and donating plants of their own - such as the eight-foot Christmas tree that now stands proud on a roundabout near Elephant and Castle." "On Guerrilla Gardening is his manifesto, a call to arms that charts the revolutionary history of guerrilla gardening from its roots in 1970s Manhattan, and proffers advice on tactics, equipment and recruitment. It is also a manual for a very particular form of gardening, whose "weeds" are crisp packets and whose "wildlife" is drunks. This is a book for all would-be activists, green-fingered or otherwise, who believe we should seize control of our shared environment - and start cherishing it once and for all."
The ground rules : a manual to reconnect soil and soul
Royal Horticultural Society grow fruit & veg in pots
Helsinki beyond dreams : actions towards a creative and sustainable hometown
A journey through alternative ways of living : a design approach for scaling up grassroots initiatives torwards sustainability
The potential of urban agriculture for enhanced food security in Bangkok, Thailand
Urban allotment gardens in Europe
Adapt and thrive : the sustainable revolution
Zanzibar town forest products survey
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Horticultural Plants in Urban and Peri-Urban Life : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
The vertical farm : feeding the world in the 21st century
The new dimensions of the European landscape / : edited by R. H. G. Jongman
Cities, peasants, and food in classical antiquity : essays in social and economic history
Urban gardening and civic cultivation : the environmental organization Dodo promoting the urban gardening practice
Grow your own vegetables in pots and containers
The rurbanite : living in the country without leaving the city
Groenblaue netwerken voor duurzame en dynamishce steden = Urban green-blue grids for sustainable and dynamic cities
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Bologna, Italy, June 9 - 13, 2009 ; [LUH 2009]
Wildlife ecology and management
Living in a changing climate
Green infrastructure for landscape planning : integrating human and natural systems
Civilization and capitalism : 15th-18th century. Vol. 1, The structures of everyday life : the limits of the possible
The rooftop beekeeper : a scrappy guide to keeping urban honeybees
Clonal forestry. 2, Conservation and application
Vegetables in the food culture of the Slovenian urban population between 1850 and 1950
Creating urban agriculture systems : an integrated approach to design
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Urban and Peri-Urban Horticulture in the Century of Cities : Lessons, Challenges, Opportunities : Dakar, Senegal, December 6-9, 2010
Cultivation, markets and the rise of vegetable consumption in German towns, 1850-1913
