http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25869 Arab Spring
Arab Spring
Libya : the rise and fall of Qaddafi
Euro-Mediterranean relations after the Arab Spring : persistence in times of change
The Arab Spring and Arab thaw : unfinished revolutions and the quest for democracy
After the Arab spring : how the Islamists hijacked the Middle East revolts
Why it's still kicking off everywhere : the new global revolutions
Hard choices : the EU's options in a Changing Middle East
Tahrir tales : plays from the Egyptian revolution
Sandstorm : Libya in the time of revolution
The new Arab revolutions that shook the world
The new Middle East : the world after Arab Spring
Obama and the Middle East : The end of America's moment?
"Presented in ... diary form, this substantial volume draws together a careful selection of Cockburn's writings from the frontlines of the conflicts in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria, interspersed with thoughtful analyses and contemporary, original reflection. What emerges is the fine grain and nuance of an unfolding tragedy in which, in contrast to the often facile proclamations of politicians and much of the media: "These are not black-and-white situations, good guys against bad, vile tyrant against a risen people like a scene out of Les Miserables. It is astonishing and depressing to see Western governments committing their countries to wars without recognizing this basic fact." The conflicts being fueled by such misunderstandings are today spilling over to cities in the West, provoking a backlash that learns little from recent history and is likely only to make things worse.--Publisher.
Explains the changes underway in the countries engulfed by the Arab Spring as they embark on a journey from dictatorship to democracy, and looks at how religious and secular tensions threaten the very fabric of society in Israel.
Headscarves and hymens : why the middle east needs a sexual revolution
International history of the twentieth century and beyond
"Why and how did Islam become such a political force in so many Muslim-majority countries? In this book, Jocelyne Cesari investigates the relationship between modernization, politics, and Islam in Muslim-majority countries such as Egypt, Iraq, Pakistan, Tunisia, and Turkey - countries that were founded by secular rulers and have since undergone secularized politics. Cesari argues that nation-building processes in these states have not created liberal democracies in the Western mold, but have instead spurred the politicization of Islam by turning it into a modern national ideology. Looking closely at examples of Islamic dominance in political modernization - for example, nationalization of Islamic institutions and personnel under state ministries; reliance on Islamic references in political discourse, religiously motivated social unrest, or violence; and internationalization of Islam-aligned political movements or conflicts - this study provides a unique overview of the historical and political developments from the end of World War II to the Arab Spring that have made Islam the dominant force in the construction of the modern states, and discusses Islam's impact on emerging democracies in the contemporary Middle East"--
Globalization and citizenship
Authoritarianism in the Middle East : before and After the Arab Uprising
Freedom without permission : bodies and space in the Arab revolutions
The Egyptians : a radical story
Turkey and the Arab spring : leadership in the Middle East
Circling the square : stories from the Egyptian Revolution
Cairo : my city, our revolution
The ten plays in this collection offer unprecedented grassroots perspectives on the jubilation, terror, hope, and heartbreak of mass uprising as seen during and in the wake of the Tahrir Square demonstrations. Collectively tracing events as they unfolded in Egypt from the last days of Hosni Mubarak's regime through Abdel Fattah el-Sisi's ascendance to the presidency, the plays present a picture of Egypt in the midst of epochal change, with all the attendant fear, hope, and uncertainty. Ranging from naturalism to documentary to more avant-garde representations, the plays collected in Tahrir Tales represent contemporary Egyptian drama at its most interesting, and, not coincidentally, most politically, committed.
Uprisings spread like wildfire across the Arab world from 2010 to 2012, fueled by a desire for popular sovereignty. In Tunisia, Egypt, Syria, and elsewhere, protesters flooded the streets and the media, voicing dissent through slogans, graffiti, puppetry, videos, and satire that called for the overthrow of dictators and the regimes that sustained them. Investigating what drives people to risk everything to express themselves in rebellious art, "The Naked Blogger of Cairo" uncovers the creative insurgency at the heart of the Arab uprisings. While commentators have stressed the role of social media, Marwan M. Kraidy shows that the essential medium of political expression was not cell phone texts or Twitter but something more fundamental: the human body. Brutal governments that coerced citizens through torture and rape found themselves confronted with the bodies of protesters, burning with defiance and boldly violating taboos. Activists challenged authority in brazen acts of self-immolation, nude activism, and hunger strikes. The bodies of dictators became a focus of ridicule. A Web series presented Syria's Bashar al-Assad as a pathetic finger puppet, while cartoons and videos spread a meme of Egypt's Hosni Mubarak as a regurgitating cow. The rise of digital culture complicates our understanding of the human body in revolutionary times. As Kraidy argues, technology publicizes defiance, but the body remains the vital nexus of physical struggle and digital communication, destabilizing distinctions between "the real world" and virtual reality, spurring revolutionary debates about the role of art, and anchoring Islamic State's attempted hijacking of creative insurgency.
A rage for order : the Middle East in turmoil, from Tahrir Square to ISIS
Even the most seasoned Middle East observers were taken aback by the events of early 2011. Protests born of oppression and socioeconomic frustration erupted throughout the streets; public unrest provoked violent police backlash; long-established dictatorships fell. How did this all happen? What might the future look like, and what are the likely ramifications for the United States and the rest of the world? In The Arab Awakening , experts from the Brookings Institution tackle such questions to make sense of this tumultuous region that remains at the heart of U.S. national interests. The first portion of The Arab Awakening offers broad lessons by analyzing key aspects of the Mideast turmoil, such as public opinion trends within the Arab Street ; the role of social media and technology; socioeconomic and demographic conditions; the influence of Islamists; and, the impact of the new political order on the Arab-Israeli peace process. The next section looks at the countries themselves, finding commonalties and grouping them according to the political evolutions that have (or have not) occurred in each country. The section offers insight into the current situation, and possible trajectory of each group of countries, followed by individual nation studies. The Arab Awakening brings the full resources of Brookings to bear on making sense of what may turn out to be the most significant geopolitical movement of this generation.
The age of Jihad : Islamic State and the great war for the Middle East
The Arab Spring, democracy and security : domestic and international ramifications
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
Syria's uprising and the fracturing of the Levant
Shifting sands : the unravelling of the old order in the Middle East
The Reactions of the European Union and the United States to the January 25th, 2011 Revolution in Egypt : a Comporative Appraisal of Normative Power
The African Union in light of the Arab revolts : an appraisal of the foreign policy and security objectives of South Africa, Ethiopia and Algeria
In 2011, the international community watched as citizens mobilized through the Internet and digital media to topple three of the world's most entrenched dictators: Ben Ali in Tunisia Mubarak in Egypt, and Qaddafi in Libya. This book examines not only the unexpected evolution of events during the Arab Spring but the longer history of desperate - and creative - digital activism through the Arab world.
Popular politics in the making of the modern Middle East
The naked blogger of Cairo : creative insurgency in the Arab world
This book explores the complex ways that globalization has profoundly affected the once-static nationally defined boundaries of citizenship. From Cairo to Beijing, campaigns for civil rights and democracy around the world are intensifying and speeding up in the digital media age, and public recognition of global interdependence continues to rise. At the same time, many national governments are tightening border controls and further limiting access to citizenship in a climate of high public anxiety and economic uncertainty. Hans Schattle explores the roles of numerous social movements and advocacy groups at the heart of recent events such as the Arab Spring revolutions, the global contestation on the role and tactics of WikiLeaks, the controversy over the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize award to Chinese political dissident Liu Xiaobo, and the heated debates on immigration and multiculturalism in Europe and the United States. Although globalization continues to open up many new opportunities for citizens to enter the international arena and make their voices heard, as Schattle shows, the institution of national citizenship remains highly resilient.
When popular revolutions erupted in Tunisia and Egypt, Western pundits were quick to hail the stirrings of an Arab Spring and draw parallels between the resulting upheaval in the Middle East and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. In The Tunisian Tsunami John R. Bradley offers a sober counternarrative to this outlook. It is not liberalism, democracy, and pluralism that will emerge triumphant, he argues, but instead radical Islam. Bradley illustrates how, in a region awash with extremist Wahhabi ideology, intertribal rivalries, and Sunni-Shia divisions, the idea that liberal and progressive trends will prevail is little more than wishful thinking.
The dawn of the Arab uprisings : end of an old order?
The fall of authoritarian regimes in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya has changed political dynamics on the African continent. One immediate concern has been the implications of these developments for the African Union (AU) and its member states. Would overall political dynamics in the AU be changed? Would the most powerful member states use the altered circumstances to enhance their influence on AU policies and frameworks? What would the impact be for the AU's overall authority? In this Discussion Paper series, three edited papers are presented that tackle AU political and institutional dynamics in light of the Arab revolts. A particular puzzle addressed is the current postures of South Africa, Ethiopia and Algeria within the AU. A separate analysis of Nigeria's role was published earlier in the NAI-FOI Lecture Series on African Security.
The second Arab awakening : and the battle for pluralism
The Arab uprisings : the people want the fall of the regime
Social media and women of the Arab Spring : effects of social media on Egyptian women's participation in the revolution
Social media and the politics of reportage : the 'Arab Spring'
The new middle east : protest and revolution in the arab world
Dangerous liaisons : the clash between Islamism and Zionism
Beyond the Arab spring : authoritarianism & democratization in the Arab world
Tourist in the Arab spring
Power systems : conversations with David Barsamian on global democratic uprisings and the new challenges to U.S. empire
Sectarian gulf : Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, and the Arab Spring that wasn't
Spaces of governmentality : autonomous migration and the Arab uprisings
Affective publics : sentiment, technology, and politics
The battle for the Arab spring : revolution, counter-revolution and the making of a new era
Translating dissent : voices from and with the Egyptian Revolution
Humanizing security? : the EU's responsibility to protect in the Libyan crisis
From Arab Spring to Islamic winter
The Arab awakening : Islam and the new Middle East
The new Middle East : the world after the Arab Spring
Rebels : my life behind enemy lines with warlords, fanatics and not-so-friendly fire
The rebirth of history
The Arab uprising : the people want the fall of the regime
The Arab awakening : America and the transformation of the Middle East
Why nations fail : the origins of power, prosperity and poverty
Tourist in the arab spring
Symbolic interaction and new social media
The awakening of Muslim democracy : religion, modernity, and the state
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
Business politics in the Middle East
Democracy's fourth wave? : digital media and the Arab Spring
For years the authoritarian regimes of the Arab world displayed remarkable persistence. Then, beginning in December 2010, much of the region underwent rapid and remarkable political change. This volume explores the precursors, nature, and trajectory of the dynamics unleashed by the Arab Spring. The authors focus on the complex forces that have sustained authoritarianism in the region, as well as the roots of popular mobilization and regime overthrow. They also examine the possibilities for democratic reform -- and, where it has occurred, relapse. Their work offers a comprehensive assessment, at once sophisticated and accessible, of current developments and trends in the countries of the Arab Middle East and North Africa. -- Publisher description.
