http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25875 adult students
adult students
The politics of gender and education : critical perspectives
Feminist dilemmas in qualitative research : public knowledge and private lives
"Olisi se ollut helpompaa nuorempana" : a study on motivation and causal explanations among Finnish adult learners of English
From a "student" to a lifelong "consumer" of education : constructions of educability in adult students' narrative life histories
Learning and instruction in multiple context[s] and settings II : Proceedings of the Third Joensuu Symposium on Learning and Instruction
Abstract: Path of studies with a family.
Learning to change? : the role of identity and learning careers in adult education
The music teacher's companion : a practical guide
Adults now constitute the majority of students in higher education; what they bring to it, want and need are important questions in the development of a more responsive higher education. The author discusses the relationship between motives, education, and life history to explore how culture and history shape people and their motives for learning, taking into account variations in gender, social background and ethnicity, challenging the orthodox view that non-traditional students enter higher educational for vocational/material reasons.
The interaction of motivation and learning environment : the role of goal orientations in student's course evaluations
New challenges in the cooperation between education and training and working life : final report
Finnish for foreigners. 1, Exercises
Supporting the learner in open and distance learning
Students and studying in higher education in Finland
Evening class
Adult students in web-based thesis seminars : insights and challenges for supervision
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Activate and explore : a case study of motivation and learning strategies of adult learners of English
English for you, too!. Book 4
Reflection : turning experience into learning
Higher education policy in Finland
Folk high schools in relation to the formal school system
The self-efficacy of graduate students during the one-year project in international design business management program
How learning works : seven research-based principles for smart teaching
Beyond fragments : adults, motivation and higher education : a biographical analysis
This book explores the social construction of age in the context of EFL in Mexico. It is the first book to address the age factor in SLA from a social perspective. Based on research carried out at a public university in Mexico, it investigates how adults of different ages experience learning a new language and how they enact their age identities as language learners. By approaching the topic from a social constructionist perspective and in light of recent work in sociolinguistics and cultural studies, it broadens the current second language acquisition focus on age as a fixed biological or chronological variable to encompass its social dimensions. What emerges is a more complex and nuanced understanding of age as it intersects with language learning in a way that links it fundamentally to other social phenomena, such as gender, ethnicity and social class.
Situational learning in ministry : the Arusha programme of Theological Education by Extension and its evaluation in 1974-2004
The bases of competence : skills for lifelong learning and employability
Developing adult learners : strategies for teachers and trainers
The European dimension in teacher education
How can researchers produce work with relevance to theoretical and formal traditions and requirements of public academic knowledge while still remaining faithful to the experiences and accounts of research participants based in private settings? Feminist Dilemmas in Qualitative Research explores this key dilemma and examines the interplay between theory, epistemology and the detailed practice of research. It does this across the whole research process: access, data collection and analysis and writing up research. It goes on to consider ways of achieving high standards of reflexivity and openness in the strategic choices made during research, examining these issues for specific projects in an open and accessible style. Particular themes examined are: the research dilemmas that occur from feminist perspectives in relation to researching private and personal social worlds; the position of the researcher as situated between public knowledge and private experience; and the dilemmas raised for researchers seeking to contribute to academic discourse while remaing close to their knowledge forms.
Various portraits of Finnish open university students
Understanding action learning
Women returning to higher education
"Ainoa kieli mit채 kaikki ymm채rt채채" : the attitudes of engineering students on English as a lingua franca, with special reference to intercultural communication, language teaching and speaker identities
Adult learners' learning in a university setting : a phenomenographic study
Low-Educated Second Language and Literacy Acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Educational journeys and changing lives : adult student experiences. Vol. 1-2
Summary.
English for you, too!. Book 5
Adult education in the perspective of the learners
Achievement in non-accredited learning for adults with learning difficulties : report of the scoping study
Keys to effective learning : study skills and habits for success
Language narratives from general upper secondary education for adults : an inquiring teacher's journey of fostering foreign language identity in autonomy-oriented pedagogy
Polytechnic education in Finland : backround report
Polytechnic education in Finland : background report
Get on! : communicative English for adult beginners
The social construction of age : adult foreign language learners
Adult education of educational institutions
Through the joy of learning : diary of 1,000 adult learners
Everyday English : englantia aikuisille. Starter
Voice of users : promoting quality of guidance for adults in the Nordic countries
"Dare I speak?" : A comparative study of two elementary textbooks for adult learning material for oral skills in English
New directions in professional higher education
Teacher-student interaction and resources for learning in difficult learning situations : educational encounters with students who have a special education school history
Exploring opportunities to boost adult students' graduation : the reasons behind the delays and drop-outs of graduation
Exploring open and distance learning
