http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25874 cultural background
cultural background
Abstract.
Young people and food : socio-cultural studies of food consumption patterns
Responding to changing student demographics in Finland : a study of teachers' developing cultural competence
Illness and Culture in the Postmodern Age ; David B. Morris
Neo-nationalism in Europe and beyond : perspectives from social anthropology
The social context of cognitive development
Psychological assessment of culturally and linguistically diverse children and adolescents : a practitioner's guide
It has been argued that the discourses of western culture are thoroughly masculinist and offer no place for women. Women's only alternative are to speak in a masculine voice, construct a new language, or be silent. Foucault's highly influential analyses of power and knowledge would therefore be irrelevant for the women's movement, and use of his discourse might even undermine feminism as an emancipatory project. In this book Jane Sawicki argues that a Foucaldian feminism is possible. She rejects the view that the power of the phallocentric is total. Instead, like Foucault, she sees discourse as ambiguous, a source of conflict. Women can adapt language to their own ends. They may not have total control over it but neither do men. Sawicki argues that Foucault offers insightful hypotheses about how to uncover power relations normally overlooked in social and political theory. Emphasising Foucault's later works she fleshes out his undeveloped remarks about resistance in order to show how his discourse can be used to support specific liberatory struggles, namely those for sexual and reproductive freedom. At the same time she develops constructive critiques of certain tendencies in current feminist analyses that threaten to suppress differences among women. She looks at mothering theory and asks in a geneological vein: When did the idea of the mother as an emotional nurturer emerge? When did the idea of women's status as reproducer prevail? A Foucauldian, she argues, must beware of the normalizing features of mothering theory itself. Does it unwittingly reinforce heterosexist norms?
Energy equals masses in movement : an exploration of designed social situations
The sacred spring : the arts in Vienna 1898-1918
Becoming Arab in London : performativity and the undoing of identity
Cultural background and problem drinking
This is the only text for school and clinical psychologists and other mental health professionals to provide a systematic developmental framework for assessment, diagnosis, and consultation of children and adolescents from diverse linguistic and cultural backgrounds. Reflecting the most current research, it provides much-needed, practical strategies for helping students who require adaptations beyond traditional psychological assessment methods. The authors describe the linguistic and cultural issues to consider when assessing students from diverse backgrounds, with a particular focus on child.
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
Trends and strategies in the arts and cultural industries : selections of papers presented at The Long Run, an international conference on long-term developments in the arts and cultural industries, Rotterdam, February 2000
The politics of appearances : representations of dress in revolutionary France
Conceptions of giftedness : sociocultural perspectives
The Cambridge companion to modernism
Starting school : young children learning cultures
Evidence-based practices in providing culturally competent nursing care for ethnic minority patients in years 2000-2009: a literature review
The media and modernity : a social theory of the media
Cultural competence in trauma therapy : beyond the flashback
Doing intersectional identity work : social categories, inequalities, and silences
Growing up with two languages : a practical guide
Realizing the potential of immigrant youth
Social analysis of security : financial, economic and ecological crime - crime (in)security and (dis)trust - public and private policing
A companion to contemporary art since 1945
Legitimizing the artist : manifesto writing and European modernism, 1885-1915
The rejection in Russia of totalitarian socialism and liberal democracy : a study of the Russian new right
Culture care diversity and universality : a theory of nursing
Glory in a line : a life of Foujita - the artist caught between East & West
Bilingual youth : Spanish in English-speaking societies
Berg encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Volume 10, Global perspectives
Ethnic organizational dynamics : the Polish group in Canada
The trend forecaster's handbook
Uncovering the unconscious dimensions of planning : using culture as a tool to analyse spatial planning practices
Mao's last revolution
Cubism and culture
The silver fork novel : fashionable fiction in the age of reform
Europa! Europa? : the avant-garde, modernism and fate of a continent
Madeleine Leininger : cultural care diversity and universality theory
Research on sociocultural influences on motivation and learning. 4, Big theories revisited
Good humor, bad taste : a sociology of the joke
The new radical right in Finland
To exercise our talents : the democratization of writing in Britain
Making spaces : citizenship and difference in schools
Manifesto : a century of isms
Funky business forever : how to enjoy capitalism
Beginning theory : an introduction to literary and cultural theory
The next generation : immigrant youth in a comparative perspective
This practical and accessible text uses interesting case studies to raise students; awareness of misunderstandings in human communication and provides strategies for avoiding and resolving such misunderstandings. It can be used as a supplement in any course that addresses communication in interpersonal relationships.
Global trends in translator and interpreter training : mediation and culture
Consumer behavior
K체nstlerb체rgertum : the social spheres of Berliner actors in the years 1815-1848
Immigrants' expectations and experiences of child health services : a study of African families in Jyv채skyl채 region, Finland
Anatomy of a trend
Sociolinguistic typology : social determinants of linguistic complexity
Frock rock : women performing popular music
Culture and cognition in information technology education
Advertising cultures
Hindus : their religious beliefs and practices
Transcultural nursing : concepts, theories and practices
The good children
Trends as a concrete help of futures thinking for organizations : how could trends become understood and utilized better?
The culture of fashion : a new history of fashionable dress
Costume as poetic device : costume in the films of the Soviet film director Sergei Parajanov (1924-1990)
Patterns of cultural participation and consumption in Finland in the 1980's
Children's perception of emotion in music : a cross-cultural study
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
The effects of culture on children's pain
Globalization and education : integration and contestation across cultures
The changing face of home : the transnational lives of the second generation
Famous British and American songs and their cultural background
Jihad : the trail of political Islam
The well-being and productivity of immigrant youth has become one of the most important global issues of our times as a result of mass migration and resettlement. In this volume, scholars from multiple nations and disciplines provide a state-of-the-art overview of contemporary research on immigrant youth and delineate the most promising future directions for research on their success, suggesting implications for policy and interventions that will benefit host societies as well as immigrant youth. The contributors to Realizing the Potential of Immigrant Youth include many of the leading international experts on migration, acculturation, intergroup issues and immigrant youth development, with contributions from the fields of child development, demography, economics, education, immigrant mental health, social psychology and sociology.
Alcohol drinking behavior and its developmental antecedents
The triple package : what really determines success
Trends and issues in global tourism 2010
Abstract: Organizing diasporas. Ethnicity, citizenship, integration, and government in immigrant associations.
But I thought you meant... : misunderstandings in human communication
Diversity in gifted education : international perspectives on global issues
Disciplining Foucault : feminism, power, and the body
Islam beyond the violent jihadis : an optimistic Muslim speaks
Drinking patterns among Finnish fourteen year-olds from 1977 to 1999
A Concise companion to realism
Learning-in-context : an ethnographic investigation of mediated learning experiences among Ethiopian Jews in Israel
Religion, tradition, and ideology : pre-colonial South India
Schooling and social capital in diverse cultures
