http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25873 clinical clerkship
clinical clerkship
Objectives    This study aims to identify European radiographers' challenges in clinical performance in mammography and the main areas of mammography that require more and better training.      Methods    An extensive search was performed to identify relevant studies focused on clinical practice, education and training in mammography published between January 2010 and December 2015 in the English language. The data were analysed by using deductive thematic analysis.      Results    A total of 27 full text articles were read, evaluating their quality. Sixteen articles out of 27 were finally selected for this integrative review. The main challenges of radiographers' mammography education/training can be divided into three groups: training needs, challenges related to radiographers, and challenges related to the organization of education. The most common challenges of clinical performance in mammography among European radiographers involved technical performance, the quality of practices, and patient-centeredness.      Conclusions    The introduction of harmonized mammography guidelines across Europe may serve as an evidence-based tool to be implemented in practice and education. However, the variability in human and material resources as well as the different cultural contexts should be considered during this process.
Exercise physiology : theory and application to fitness and performance
English-language-taught degree programmes in faculties of healthcare in Finnish universities of applied sciences : students' and teachers' conceptions of the implementation
Clinical exercise : a case-based approach
International handbook of research in medical education. Part 1-2
Essential simulation in clinical education
Placement learning in cancer and palliative care nursing : a guide for students in practice
"Written especially for exercise science and physical education students, this text provides a solid foundation in theory illuminated by application and performance models to increase understanding and to help students apply what they've learned in the classroom and beyond. "
European Radiographers' Challenges from Mammography Education and Clinical Practice : an Integrative Review
The elements of effective student nurse mentorship in placement learning environments : systematic review and Finnish and British mentors' conceptions
Experiencing authenticity : the core of student learning in clinical practice
Abstract.
The construction of supervision and physiotherapy expertise : a qualitative study of physiotherapy students' learning sessions in clinical education
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
Clinical exercise physiology
Mentoring, learning and assessment in clinical practice : a guide for nurses, midwives and other health professionals
Views on support needed for the first clinical practice in nursing
Developing healthcare skills through simulation
Clinical learning as experienced by nursing students in their critical incidents
English-Language-Taught Degree Programmes in Faculties of Healthcare in Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences: Students' and Teachers' Conceptions of the Implementation
Promoting Culturally Diverse Students in Clinical Settings
