http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25892 agile methods
agile methods
Customer discovery and customer validation in Lean software startups
Lean practices applied in agile enterprise web application development project
Agile SAP : introducing flexibility, transparency and speed to SAP implementations
Application Lifecycle Management for Safety-Critical Software Development
in real life and 3) does theoretical Lean startup knowledge compensate a lack of entrepreneurship experience. A reader gets familiar with the key elements and tools of Lean startups, as well as their mutual connections. The thesis explains why Lean startups waste less time and money than many other startups. The thesis, especially its research sections, aims at providing data and analysis simultaneously.
The scrum field guide : agile advice for your first year and beyond
How are agile methods and practices deployed in video game development? : a survey into Finnish game studios
Handbook of the secure agile software development life cycle
Building blocks of agile innovation
Next Gen DevOps : creating the DevOps organisation
Agile development and testing in embedded systems
Agile backlog management : case Nordea Netbanking
Being agile : your roadmap to successful adoption of agile
New agile process errors in software development
Lean-agile acceptance test driven development : better software through collaboration
Preparation for ramp-up production process in metal manufacturing
"These days, more and more software development projects are being carried out using agile methods like Scrum. Agile software development promises higher software quality, a shorter time to market, and improved focus on customer needs. However, the transition to working within an agile methodology is not easy. Familiar processes and procedures change drastically. Software testing and software quality assurance have a crucial role in ensuring that a software development team, department, or company successfully implements long-term agile development methods and benefits from this framework. This book discusses agile methodology from the perspective of software testing and software quality assurance management. Software development managers, project managers, and quality assurance managers will obtain tips and tricks on how to organize testing and assure quality so that agile projects maintain their impact. Professional certified testers and software quality assurance experts will learn how to work successfully within agile software teams and how best to integrate their expertise. Topics include: Agile methodology and classic process models How to plan an agile project Unit tests and test first approach Integration testing and continuous integration System testing and test nonstop Quality management and quality assurance Also included are five case studies from the manufacturing, online-trade, and software industry as well as test exercises for self-assessment. This book covers the new ISTQB Syllabus for Agile Software Testing and is a relevant resource for all students and trainees worldwide who plan to undertake this ISTQB certification"--
CMDB Systems: Making Change Work in the Age of Cloud and Agile shows you how an integrated database across all areas of an organization’s information system can help make organizations more efficient reduce challenges during change management and reduce total cost of ownership (TCO). In addition, this valuable reference provides guidelines that will enable you to avoid the pitfalls that cause CMDB projects to fail and actually shorten the time required to achieve an implementation of a CMDB.
CMDB systems : making change work in the age of Cloud and Agile
Adoption of agile software development in Vietnam
"Testing IT provides a complete, off-the-shelf software testing process framework for any testing practitioner who is looking to research, implement, roll out, adopt, and maintain a software testing process. It covers all aspects of testing for software developed or modified in-house, modified or extended legacy systems, and software developed by a third party. Software professionals can customize the framework to match the testing requirements of any organization, and six real-world testing case studies are provided to show how other organizations have done this. Packed with a series of real-world case studies, the book also provides a comprehensive set of downloadable testing document templates, proformas, and checklists to support the process of customizing. This new edition demonstrates the role and use of agile testing best practices and includes a specific agile case study"--Provided by publisher.
Being Agile is your roadmap to successfully transforming your organization to an Agile culture. Veteran agile coach Mario Moreira teaches new adopters how to implement a robust Agile framework to derive from it the maximum business benefit in terms of customer value, revenue, and employee engagement. Agile is a ubiquitous watchword in the corporate world, but only a minority of companies understand and practice what they pay lip service to. Too many content themselves with half-baked approximations such as Fragile (fragile Agile), ScrumBut (Scrum but not the practices), and Scrum Fall (mini-waterfalls in the sprints). Moreira shows maturing early adopters how to bridge the chasm between going through the motions of doing Agile and genuinely being Agile. After a high-level synopsis of Agile's values and principles, methodologies (including Scrum, Kanban, DSDM, Leam, VFQ, and XP), and roles, Moreira plunges into the nitty-gritty of how to apply the ready, implement, coach, and hone (RICH) deployment model to all phases of a project in such a way as to embody and inculcate agile values and principles at the team level and promote agile transformation across your organization's culture
Agile CRM system implementation project
The enterprise and Scrum
It is fair to say that Agile development is today's major trend. It is used more or less in every company if the company is involved in mobile software industry. Agile development is also widely used in other embedded software development. It is recognized to be a very effective and efficient way of development. However, there are many issues which are needed to be considered and taken into account when transferring to this process model. Especially the transferring period can be very difficult and have a long lasting effect to a company. The aim of this Master's thesis was to study more deeply this subject and find a different way to conquer the challenges what comes to this subject. There are so many positive experiences from this, but normally some of the negative sides have been left out. I have experienced a transfer in my own career and I saw really close what kind of things are usually left out and not told. The second aim of this thesis was to investigate how well Agile methods suit in embedded software development. Agile works well what comes just to software projects, but when talking about embedded development, the process is not always so easy. Embedded devices vary for example from small music players to big and complex medical devices. This thesis will concentrate only on small portable devices, since my experience comes from that field. I used mainly my own experiences and situations I have met to find a suitable process. In theory parts I used different publications from the Internet and books to back up my knowledge. I managed to present basic practices and processes from different methodologies that I discovered as good in embedded development. Next steps would be to test these different processes in practice. Since there are many different kinds of embedded systems out there, every modified process has to be first tested in a real life before it can be decided whether can it be taken in to use or not.
This book contains the refereed proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Agile Software Development, XP 2014, held in Rome, Italy, in May 2014. Because of the wide application of agile approaches in industry, the need for collaboration between academics and practitioners has increased in order to develop the body of knowledge available to support managers, system engineers, and software engineers in their managerial/economic and architectural/project/technical decisions. Year after year, the XP conference has facilitated such improvements and provided evidence on the advantages of agile methodologies by examining the latest theories, practical applications, and implications of agile and lean methods. The 15 full papers, seven short papers, and four experience reports accepted for XP 2014 were selected from 59 submissions and are organized in sections on: agile development, agile challenges and contracting, lessons learned and agile maturity, how to evolve software engineering teaching, methods and metrics, and lean development.
Competition in the Internet markets are tremendous, due to the fact that software development is cheaper than ever before due to Cloud environments, DevOps and vast scale of productive frameworks.    Companies are constantly seeking ways to enhance their design and development processes and practices to remain competitive in the market. Alma Mediapartners is no different, thesis will follow the project where today's buzzwords are taken in action to experiment new approaches to enhance company's existing software development processes.    In the ordinary project, the team participating will begin with business analysis; continue designing the solution and that then developing the solution. Web application development in Alma Mediapartners roughly consists of two phases from lifespan vice: software development project and after successful release, the small scale development. For each phase practices from Lean startup and Lean UX are tested to find what benefits these practices might bring to the business analysis and application design.    Thesis will follow how team members experienced with Agile approaches such as Scrum are able to adapt to new ideas relating to the practices and technologies used. Project team will construct from hybrid organization having members from Alma Mediapartners and foreign subcontractor. Past experience of the development team has been from building complete systems, which are well planned replacement investments. Now that the team must form the solution from entirely new setting, how will the team previously fully focused on completeness adapt to building solution iteratively based upon feedback received.    From technology point of view, the project will evaluate different technological choices which would support the Lean UX and startup principles the best. Not to forget environmental aspects how CD and DevOps will effect to the development work. Key words: lean ux, lean startup, continuous delivery, mean, mvp.
Agile web application development with Yii1.1 and PHP5 : fast-track your web application development by harnessing the power of the Yii PHP framework
Integrating UX work in agile enterprise software development
Essential Scrum : a practical guide to the most popular agile process
ATM AND Web Bank : Multiplatform Support
Test-driven database development : unlocking agility
Testing IT : an off-the-shelf software testing process
Agile development in the real world
Improving supplier productivity with metrics
Combining Lean thinking and Agile Software Development : how do software-intensive companies use them in practice?
Agile performance improvement : the new synergy of agile and human performance technology
The message conveyed in this work is that agility can be implemented anywhere. Accordingly, ten guidelines are presented for the adoption of agility to enable us to cope with changes in our lives, in our teams, and in our organizations. Since the authors advocate agility, the content is presented in the form of concise standalone chapters, allowing the reader to focus on the specific topic they wish to adopt in order to become agile.
BDD in action : Behavior-Driven Development for the whole software lifecycle
Scrum : a revolutionary approach to building teams, beating deadlines, and boosting productivity
Agile Kaizen : managing continuous improvement far beyond retrospectives
Development of agile software production to the organisation
This practical guide for novice Agile practitioners contains everything a new project manager needs to know to quickly get up to speed with Agile practices and sort out the hype and dogma of pseudo-Agile practices. It lays out general guidelines for running an Agile project, with the assumption that the project team may be working in a traditional environment (using the waterfall model, or something similar), and conveys valuable insights to multiple audiences.
Agile revolutionized the way people think about developing software, but there are literally dozens of ways that you can "go agile." This book demystifies agile methodologies: why they're designed the way they are, what problems they address, and the values, principles, and ideas they embody.
Combining lean thinking and agile software development:how do software-intensive companies use them in practice?
Agile processes, in software engineering, and Extreme Programming : 16th International Conference, XP 2015, Helsinki, Finland, May 25-29, 2015 : proceedings
Customer discovery and customer validation in lean software startups
In the contract development process, as in any development process, clients, customers, and managers have a vested interest in meeting time, budget, and performance requirements. In Agile Contracts , the authors tackle these concerns head on, presenting an agile contract that they have developed, which reduces the risk for the both supplier and the customer. This highly useful book compares and contrasts the new, agile contract with existing fixed-price or time-and-material contracts and clearly demonstrates how Agile/Scrum can be applied....
Onboarding for a large and agile software develpment project.
Agile processes in software engineering and extreme programming : 14th International Conference, XP 2013, Vienna, Austria, June 3-7, 2013. Proceedings
This book outlines the agile project management methodology. It presents general agility concepts and does not apply to any one particular method; however the focus of the book aligns with the Project Management Institute's (PMI) Agile Certified Practitioner (ACP). The book focuses on the project management component of agility, concentrating on industry standards, certifications, and plain agile. This book will assist the certified project manager with the transition to agile project management and will indirectly prepare readers with the basic knowledge needed to pass the PMI-ACP exam.
Towards agile product and portfolio management
Agile contracts : creating and managing successful projects with Scrum
Process improvement of continuous integration : a case study
Innovative services for internationals – the EXPAT Project
Experiences of New Approaches to UI Software Development: Comparing the Waterfall and Agile Processes
How to introduce Lean Startup process into a medium-sized IT vendor, namely Futurice?
Towards agile product and portfolio managament
The project manager's guide to mastering agile : principles and practices for an adaptive approach
Sulava Scrum survey report
An agile approach to system migration
IT Statler - operative tool built on SharePoint/MOSS 2007
Supporting agile transformation with defect management in large distributed software development organisation
Agile Methods in large-scale software development organizations:applicability and model for adoption
Organizatorial agile and lean in a survey
Development of a framework to study communication barriers in the Distributed Agile Development environment
A tale of two transformations : bringing lean and agile software development to life
Agile software development in large-scale new product development organization : team-level perspective
Scrum in the company X
Agile Supply Demand Networks approach to optimize inventory and reduce lead time : study by ASDN software
Scrum is the revolutionary approach to project management and team building that has helped to transform everything from software companies to the US military to healthcare in major American hospitals. This book explains precisely and step by step how it operates - and how it can be made to work for anyone, anywhere.
Software developer experience : case studies in lean-agile and open source environments
"Agile ALM" is a guide for Java developers who want to integrate flexible agile practices and lightweight tooling along all phases of the software development process. Readers will learn practices like task-based Development, Continuous Integration, and more.
The Design of Temperature and Humidity Chamber Monitor and Controller
in various ways depending on the type of a team in question. Finally, five principles are formed to give guidelines for tool selection and usage in agile embedded systems development.
Software development has been progressively transforming into distributed development during the last decade. Software outsourcing has been using increasingly more suppliers in low cost countries, such as India and China. Projects implemented in these countries have been criticized for higher business cost eventually due to lower productivity and quality than projects in western countries. The question when to make or buy has led to the need for measuring suppliers. However, measuring subcontractors is not a straightforward issue. Both productivity and quality do not have simple reliable indicators and they both affect each other. The main objective in this thesis was to find a set of metrics that could measure the subcontractor and help them to focus on continuous improvement. Other objectives were to find communication, agile ways of working and tools for improving productivity. The final objective was to study how to increase innovation activities. The metrics were first piloted in two projects and then they were taken into wider use in the company. Case study was chosen as the study strategy. Members of four dfferent projects were interviewed using earlier studies and personal experience as the theroretical framework. The interview material was analysed using content analysis. The main result of the study was a set of metrics consisting of three parts: content, quality and Net Promoter Score. The supplier could not be compared with these metrics but these metrics enhanced communication and continuous improvement in projects. Daily scrums were seen as the best agile principle and the findings about tools for productivity were slim: non-working tools have an extensive negative effect. The last finding involves innovations: as long as outsourcing is expected to be cost-effective with tight schedules, innovative ideas are not to be expected.
Kanban in action
Agile teams have been struggling with the concept of continuous improvement since the first Agile frameworks were developed, and still very little has been written about the practice of continuous improvement in Agile environments. Although team retrospectives have been prescribed and some practices have been introduced in order to implement and facilitate them, the truth is that most Agile teams are conducting dull retrospectives that end with a list of things that have been done wrong, just to repeat the same list two weeks later at the next meeting. Instead of listing hundreds of Japanese-labeled tools, this book gives you practical insights into how to spot improvement opportunities, how to plan for improvement and how to engage everyone in your company in the Kaizen process. In addition, it will also provide you with 27 proven practices and 12 bonus activities to introduce into your retrospectives in order to keep them fresh, creative and exciting, so you can promise a team that, in a year's time, no two retrospectives will be alike. This book helps you as a manager, team leader, change agent or consultant in any type of organization to unleash the real power of Kaizen cultures - no matter what kind of organization, market, product, technology, vision, goal or size. It provides you with the background, tools and practical hints on how to engage your organization in a process of continuous quest for new and better ways of performing.
Customer stimulation in lean software develpment
Technical excellence in agile software projects
according to agile values and principles and not vice versa. There are different maturity models to measure the agile maturity in the organization. These maturity models are meant to help the organization to better adapt the agile methods and thus become more effective in software development. In this work, the author has followed adaptation of agile methods in the target organization. Purpose of this work is to measure the agile maturity in the target organization, to find out are agile values and principles followed and is there Lean waste detected in the organization. Author measured in this work that agile maturity for the target organization is somewhere in the middle point. There are five maturity levels in the model used and organization is somewhere between two and three. The management in target organization is not well aware of agile values and principles. Most of the management believes that it is enough if they only have basic information from the agile software development methods. Also some teams have sometimes customized the Scrum method to better fit the environment they are acting in. The understanding and awareness of the agile values and principles should be clarified in the whole organization.
Challenges in managing large-scale agile software development transformation
Agile data warehouse design : collaborative dimensional modeling, from whiteboard to star schema
Modern software development must adapt to demanding schedules while keeping the software at a high level of quality. Agile software development has been adopted in recent years to meet such a need. Test-driven development (TDD) is one practice that has arisen within the agile software development movement that leverages unit tests to develop software in incremental cycles. TDD supporters claim that the practice increases the productivity of the practitioners who employ it, as well as the internal and external quality of the software they develop. In order to validate or refute such claims, the software engineering research community has studied TDD for the last decade; the results of the empirical studies on the effects of TDD have been mostly inconclusive. This dissertation has studied two factors that may impact the manifestation of the claimed effects of TDD on software's external quality and developers' productivity: the developers' conformance to the process (i.e., their ability to follow TDD) and their skills. The research was performed in four phases. In the first phase, the literature was reviewed to identify a set of factors that have been considered to affect TDD. In the second phase, two experiments were executed within academia. A total of 77 students at the University of Oulu, took part in the studies. These experiments investigated the quality of the software, as well as the subject's productivity with respect to their programming and testing skills. A follow-up study, using data collected during the second experiment, explored the relation between the quality, productivity and the subjects' process conformance. In the third phase, four industrial experiments, involving 30 professional, were performed. Process conformance and skills were investigated in relation to the TDD's effects on external quality and productivity. The fourth phase synthesized the evidence gathered in the two previous phases. The results show that TDD is not associated with improvements in external quality, or developers' productivity. Further, improvements in both external quality and productivity are associated with skills, rather than with the process, at least in the case of professional developers. Hence, process conformance has a negligible impact. The productivity of novice developers, on the other hand, can benefit from the test-first approach promoted by TDD.
Learning agile
LEADING SOFTWARE PROJECTS  : Applying agile principles
Learning agile : understanding Scrum, XP, Lean, and Kanban
migration. The product vision, owning the improvements, should be reflected in the product backlog from the beginning of the development project. System migration should not lead the development.
Agile anywhere : essays on agile projects and beyond
A coherent and actionable DevOps framework is now available to businesses through a revolutionary new book, Next Gen DevOps: Creating the DevOps Organisation. Utilising nearly two decades’ experience at firms including AOL, Electronic Arts (EA) and British Gas' Connected Homes, the book's author and pioneer of the DevOps movement, Grant Smith, has distilled the essence of DevOps into an easily-implementable framework.
Agile software maintenance
Agile for project managers
Technical Excellence in Agile Software Projects
Agile! : the good, the hype and the ugly
Techniques and practices for software architecture work in agile software development
Automobile 4s store cloud service system based on websocket and react
Customer communication in distributed agile software development
Scrumban : and other essays on Kanban systems for lean software development
Agile experience design : a digital designer's guide to agile, lean, and continuous
Here is the ideal introduction to agile development. The book details agile principles, roles, managerial practices, technical practices and artifacts, offering a complete review that will help readers master all the important agile ideas
Abstract.
Scrum and XP from The Trenches : How Do We Scrum
Experiences of new approaches to UI software development : comparing the waterfall and agile processes
Redesigning Futurice : introducing service design into an agile software contractor
Tools for developers to manage their responsibilities introduced by agile software development
Agile Methods in large-scale software development organizations : applicability and model for adoption
Service design in information technology startups : unpacking opportunities and challenges through three case studies
Testing in Scrum : a guide for software quality assurance in the agile world
Lean from the trenches : managing large-scale projects with Kanban
Measuring progress of agile transition
The role of process conformance and developers' skills in the context of test-driven development
Agile processes in software engineering and extreme programming : 15th International Conference, XP 2014, Rome, Italy, May 26-30, 2014 : proceedings
Agile software requirements : lean requirements practices for teams, programs, and the enterprise
IT Statler : operative tool built on SharePoint/MOSS 2007
The business value of agile software methods : maximizing ROI with just-in-time processes and documentation
Agile ALM : lightweight tools and Agile strategies
Towards the design of an agile enterprise architecture management method
Software in 30 days : how agile managers beat the odds, delight their customers, and leave competitors in the dust
Customer involvement in agile software projects : interviews of project managers
Introduction to agile methods
