http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25853 music pedagogy
music pedagogy
Move, sing, listen, play : preparing the young child for music
YouTube in music education
Advances in social-psychology and music education research
Thinking as you play : teaching piano individual and group lessons
Music education as critical theory and practice : selected essays
The Cambridge companion to choral music
Performing arts in the primary school
Music 3-5
"Playing with the professional musician is the best way to learn” : workshop-based on-the-job learning in the vocational education of musicians.
Music drama in schools
The upbringing of the talented violinist
Ballet pedagogy : the art of teaching
Practical vocal acoustics : pedagogic applications for teachers and singers
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2006.. Nro 1-2 : Vol. 9
Chances and choices : exploring the impact of music education
Debates in music teaching
Informal in Formal : the Relationship of Informal and Formal Learning in Popular and Jazz Music Master Workshops in Conservatoires
The place of music in the 21st century : a global view
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Improvisation and pedagogy through Heinrich Scheidemann's Magnificat settings
Critical essays in music education
Nurtured by love : a new approach to education
Exploring Orff : a teacher's guide
Hear, listen, play! : how to free your students' aural, improvisation, and performance skills
Music lessons : guide your child to play a musical instrument (and enjoy it!)
This article examines the sociocultural learning of popular and jazz music in communities of practice as part of secondary vocational music education in a Finnish conservatory. The research is based on performance workshops which were implemented as a joint effort between professional musicians and music students. These workshops are suggested as a method of utilising communities of practice. Research outcomes show that the workshops include opportunities for learning and developing musicianship on many levels. The potential of sociocultural learning should be recognised in music schools and teachers should develop learning environments which utilise it. Learning from playing experiences and from the evaluation of learning outcomes are largely the students' responsibility who require autonomy, initiative, the ability to solve problems and collaborate, and a readiness to reflect on experiences.
The improvising mind : cognition and creativity in the musical moment
Teaching percussion
Negotiating musical and pedagogical agency in a learning community : a case of redesigning a group piano vapaa säestys course in music teacher education
Some actual problems of the pedagogical and general education in the north of Europe
Teaching music with promise : conducting, rehearsing and inspiring
The Guided Reader to Teaching and Learning Music draws on extracts from the published work of some of the most influential education writers to provide insight, guidance and clarity about key issues affecting Music teachers. The book brings together key extracts from classic and contemporary writing and contextualises these in both theoretical and practical terms. The extracts are accompanied by a summary of the key ideas and issues raised, questions to promote discussion and reflective practice, and annotated further reading lists to extend thinking.
The present article will examine informal learning in popular and jazz music education in Finland  and evaluate it as a part of formal upper secondary vocational musicians' training, which is typically  teacher directed. It is not necessarily the best model of working in popular and jazz music learning,  which has traditionally benefitted from learning in informal playing situations. This article examines  workshops which were implemented as joint efforts with professional musicians. The adoption of  this model is proposed for realizing informal learning in the field. This kind of approach is quite  new in music education, and the research on the theme is still scarce. The findings of present  research show that in workshops there appears multi-level learning which develops musicianship.  Music schools and institutions should recognize the potential of informal learning, and the teachers  should develop learning environments which can benefit from it. The choice of music to be played,  learning from playing experiences, and the evaluation of learning outcomes are to a great extent  within students' responsibilities. Carrying them out requires responsible and initiative action,  problem-solving skills, communication skills, and readiness to reflect experiences.
Communities of Practice in the Conservatory : Learning with a Professional Musician
Together in music : music clubs for people with learning disabilities
The music teaching artist's bible : becoming a virtuoso educator
Musical education in Hungary
The Näppäri method
Nordisk musikkpedagogisk forskning : årbok 13 2011 = Nordic research in music education : yearbook vol. 13 2011
Creative pedagogy for piano teachers : using musical games and aural pedagogy techniques as a dynamic supplement for teaching piano
The guided reader to teaching and learning music
Music as a way of knowing
Developing the musician : contemporary perspectives on teaching and learning
Teaching kids to sing
Raising an amazing musician : you, your child and music
Integrating music into the elementary classroom
Signing and singing : children in teaching dialogues
The Voces 8 method
Theory and practice of technology-based music instruction
Knowledge and practice : reprensentations and identities
Music education : source readings from ancient Greece to today
Educational encounters : Nordic studies in early childhood didactics
A field guide to student teaching in music
The inner game of music
The Oxford handbook of music education. Volume 1
Compulsory music course from an enterprise approach (pedagogical approach)
Discovering Orff : a curriculum for music teachers
Critical issues in music education : contemporary theory and practice
How to create a successful music ensemble : running your group & arranging the music
Adults as learners in the field of music  : a pedagogical challenge
The dissertation examines childrens dialogical sense-making in task-oriented teaching activities, the aim of which is to explore childrens values and ideas in musical learning, in order to investigate how musical knowledge is constructed collaboratively through different levels of dialogicality. Hence, the study addresses the organizational resources and values at stake when children take part in pedagogical dialogues. The four children studied are allocated the pre-given task of instructing each other, without the presence of adults, to sing songs in dyads (two and two). Five singing activities are video-documented, transcribed and analysed in depth through dialogical activity analysis, and group interviews with the children in pairs are also conducted, transcribed and analysed.A sociocultural perspective on learning and communication with an approach based on dialogue theory forms the analytical point of departure for the study, where constitutive relations between the mediating acts of the participants and the resources in use in the shape of discourses, cultural tools, representations, interaction orders, activity frames and values are focused upon, and where teaching and learning are viewed as primarily communicative activities, and where learning as a purely individual process is dismissed. The practice of musical teaching is seen to be an embodied and materialized practice, even though the young practitioners taking part in the study displayed different knowledge ideals, as well as different educational strategies, throughout the instructional phases of activity. In other words, they emphasized that there was a distinction between learning the songs and knowing the songs.The participants also used signing and singing with the help of artefacts, words and their bodies in a number of multi-functional, multi-semiotic and subtle ways. Moreover, the children organized their activities as traditional classroom teaching in several ways, and displayed skills in schooling as practitioners of a social practice. Accordingly, they established a school-specific task culture that took the form of a communicative activity type, where their orientation to double dialogicality, that is, the dialogue of the culturally established dimension on the one hand, and the interpersonal, local context on the other, is of significance.
Thinking through the arts
Advancing professional musician careers of students with special educational needs: a systems approach : an application of Systems Intelligence Theory and Complex Responsive Processes Model to special music education
The virtuoso teacher : the inspirational guide for intrumental and singing teachers
Nordisk musikkpedagogisk forskning : årbok 14 = Nordic research in music education : yearbook vol. 14
Mapping the common ground : philosophical perspectives on Finnish music education
This collection of previously published articles, chapters and keynotes traces both the theoretical contribution of Lucy Green to the emergent field of the sociology of music education, and her radical 'hands-on' practical work in classrooms and instrumental studios
Music matters : a new philosophy of music education
In search of good relationships to music : understanding aspiration and challenge in developing music school teacher practices
The ability to improvise represents one of the highest levels of musical achievement. An improviser must master a musical language to such a degree as to be able to spontaneously invent stylistically idiomatic compositions on the spot. This feat is one of the pinnacles of human creativity, and yet its cognitive basis is not completely understood. What musical knowledge is required for improvisation? How does a musician learn to improvise? How is this knowledge used in performance? What are the neural correlates of improvised performance? In 'The Improvising Mind', these questions are explored through an interdisciplinary approach that draws on cognitive neuroscience, the study of historical pedagogical treatises on improvisation, interviews with improvisers, and musical analysis of improvised performances. Findings from these treatises and interviews are discussed from the perspective of cognitive psychological theories of learning, memory, and expertise. Musical improvisation has often been compared to 'speaking a musical language'. While past research has focused on comparisons of music and language perception, few have dealt with the music - language comparison in the performance domain. In this book, learning to improvise is compared with language acquisition, and improvised performance is compared with spontaneous speech from both theoretical and neurobiological perspectives.
Mel Bay presents classical guitar pedagogy : a handbook for teachers
The anatomy of musicality
Vocal pedagogy and contemporary commercial music : reflections on higher education non-classical vocal pedagogy in the United States and Finland
Play, sing, and dance : an introduction to Orff Schulwerk
Music in the museum : material concerning the CECA Conference Warszawa - Torun - Poznan, 6-12 October 1975
The Oxford handbook of music education. Volume 2
Teaching music to students with autism
Preschool in the Suzuki spirit
Intensity of Interaction in instrumental music lessons
Teaching music to students with special needs : a label free approach
Voice teachers have been addressing vocal acoustics in some manner for as long as there has been voice instruction. Given the history of excellence in singing, singers, and teachers, the historic empirical approach clearly has had success. However, our scientific knowledge about and understanding of vocal acoustics has grown exponentially in the last sixty to eighty years, and will certainly continue to be refined by the growing number of ongoing collaborations between voice scientists and voice teachers interested in voice science. With sophisticated yet inexpensive sound analysis technology now widely available, more voice teachers are curious about its potential value for the studio, and are seeing the need to understand and be well-informed about the acoustics of vocal registration at the very least, as a means to more efficient pedagogy, but also as an essential element of voice pedagogy courses. This book represents an attempt to distill from the science of vocal acoustics those factors that are essential for teachers at the beginning of the twenty-first century to understand, that are most likely to be productive for improving our pedagogic efficiency, and to present them in language that is generally accessible. It also aspires to contribute to more productive, mutually respectful and beneficial conversation between the pedagogic and scientific communities.
The art of effective piano teaching
An attitude and approach for teaching music to special learners
Music education : historical contexts and perspectives
Playing the string game : strategies for teaching cello and strings
Jazz pedagogy : a comprehensive method of jazz education for teacher and student
Music, informal learning and the school : a new classroom pedagogy
The musical experience : rethinking music teaching and learning
Portraits in pop
Musical growth and development : birth through six
Music in the school
Creative expression and play in early childhood
Cooperative learning in music
Urban music education : a practical guide for teachers
Music, communication, ideology
