http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25851 peace mediation
peace mediation
Conflict transformation and peacebuilding : moving from violence to sustainable peace
Brokers of deceit : how the US has undermined peace in the Middle East
Prospects for peace dialogue in Afghanistan : interview report from Northern Afghanistan
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
Asean and peace mediation : progress, challenges, and cooperation
Ideas in conflict : the effect of frames in the Nepal conflict and peace process
The UN Strategy of the Finnish Foreign Service
Abstract.
Nordic approaches to peace mediation : research, practices and policies
Peace and conflict : the South Asian experience
Mediation and liberal peacebuilding : peace from the ashes of war?
Aceh peace process follow-up project : final report
When blood and bones cry out : journeys through the soundscape of healing and reconciliation
Norway's peace policy : soft power in a turbulent world
Strengthening the EU's peace mediation capacities : leveraging for peace through new ideas and thinking
Understanding conflict resolution
The media and peace : from Vietnam to the 'War on terror'
Preparing for peace : conflict transformation across cultures
Making the difference?. What works in response to crises and security threats - the debate continues
Lessons learned from mediation processes : from pre-talks to implementation
The war resister
Whose peace? : critical perspectives on the political economy of peacebuilding
Ripe for rivalry or ready for peace : understanding the reasons for the success and failure of the peace process in Aceh
Democratic peacebuilding : aiding Afghanistan and other fragile states
Action plan for mediation : December 2011.
National dialogue and internal mediation processes : perspectives on theory and practice
Prospects for peace dialogue in Afghanistan : interview repost from Northern Afghanistan
Evaluation : Finland's contribution to building inclusive peace in Nepal
Constructive conflict coverage : a social psychological approach
The Israeli solution : a one-state plan for peace in the Middle East
Making the difference. Vol. 2, Reportage on the EU's instrument for stability
Strengthening the meditation support capacity of the African Union : summary of thematic expert seminars on mediation, peace and justice, women and resource-based conflicts
Conflict and development : development matters
The road to independence for Kosovo : a chronicle of the Ahtisaari plan
The puzzle of peace : the evolution of peace in the international system
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
The media of conflict : war reporting and representations of ethnic violence
The Aceh case : an example of decommissioning and reintegration
Addressing gender-based violence in West African peace processes : a guidance note for mediators
Quality peace : peacebuilding, victory, and world order
Peacetime unilateral remedies : an analysis of countermeasures
Pilgrims and pilgrimages as peacemakers in Christianity, Judaism and Islam
Global networks of mediation : prospects and avenues for Finland as a peacemaker
