http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25802 user-centered design
user-centered design
Remote research : real users, real time, real research
Interactive design : an introduction to the theory and application of user-centered design
Foundations for designing user-centered systems : what system designers need to know about people
Usable usability : simple steps for making stuff better
"The success of a piece of communication has always been dependent on the connection between content, form, audience and context - what the message is, who it's aimed at, what it looks like, and how and where it's communicated. In recent years the balance between these elements has shifted. Graphic and communication designers have traditionally offered style and packaging solutions for brands and products. However, as the nature and complexity of brands has changed within our economy, a designer's ability to analyse, understand and clarify has become ever more important. In this world, the thinking behind a communication outcome is much more significant to the income of a creative agency, and designers are often employed to help a client understand what sort of design they need, rather than simply to style up what a client thinks they want. It is this shift in the designer's role that this book examines, through themes of brand, experience, conversation, participation, navigation, advocacy and critique.Providing educators, students and design practitioners with an overview of the most important and exciting developments in contemporary communication design, Communication Design identifies a series of emerging modes of creative practice to help clarify the mind and skill-sets that are inherent to successful working practice"--
A holistic approach for a visionary map-based multi-channel service
Mobile marketing : how mobile technology is revolutionizing marketing, communications and advertising
No secret science : user-centered design in the process of developing a sensor set for brain wave monitoring on critically ill patients
Building smart cities : analytics, ICT, and design thinking
After a decade of movement-based interaction in human-computer interaction, designing for the moving body still remains a challenge. Research in this field requires methods to help access, articulate, and harness embodied experiences in ways that can inform the design process. To address this challenge, this article appropriates bodystorming, an embodied ideation method for movement-based interaction design. The proposed method allows for early consideration of the physical, collocated, and social aspects of a designed activity as illustrated with two explorative workshops in different application domains: interactive body games and interactive performances. Using a qualitative methods approach, we used video material from the workshops, feedback from participants, and our own experience as participants and facilitators to outline important characteristics of the bodystorming method in the domain of movement-based interaction. The proposed method is compared with previous ones and application implications are discussed.
User-led mobile learning lab
Mental models : aligning design strategy with human behavior
Design anthropology : theory and practice
Practical methods of user involvement in the service innovation process based on user motivation : conducted in conjunction with the FUAS "Virtual Campus" E-learning project
Ways of walking : understanding walking's implications for the design of handheld technology via a humanistic ethnographic approach
User experience design : creating designs users really love
This edited book concerns the real practice of human factors and ergonomics (HF/E), conveying the perspectives and experiences of practitioners and other stakeholders in a variety of industrial sectors, organisational settings and working contexts. The book blends literature on the nature of practice with diverse and eclectic reflections from experience in a range of contexts, from healthcare to agriculture. It explores what helps and what hinders the achievement of the core goals of HF/E: improved system performance and human wellbeing. The book should be of interest to current HF/E practitioners, future HF/E practitioners, allied practitioners, HF/E advocates and ambassadors, researchers, policy makers and regulators, and clients of HF/E services and products.
Methods for building semantic portals
Designing for designers : the case Datafisher : customized design toolkit to support digital learning design processes
Designing projected user interfaces as assistive technology for the elderly
Well-designed : how to use empathy to create products people love
User centered design as a tool for gathering mobile usability data
User experience innovation : [user centered design that works]
Evaluating the user experience of interactive systems in challenging circumstances
"Preface This book focuses on a positive emotional approach in product, service, and system design and emphasizes aesthetics and enjoyment in user experience. This book provides dissemination and exchange of scientific information on the theoretical and practical areas of affective and pleasurable design for research experts and industry practitioners from multidisciplinary backgrounds, including industrial designers, emotion designer, ethnographers, human-computer interaction researchers, human factors engineers, interaction designers, mobile product designers, and vehicle system designers. This book is organized in nine sections which focus on the following subjects: I: Designing for Diversity II: Cultural and Traditional Aspects III: Ergonomics and Human Factors IV: Product, Service, and System Design V: Human Interface in Product Design VI: Emotion and UX Design VII: Design and Development Methodology VIII: Diverse Approaches: Biosignals, Textiles, and Clothing IX: Novel Devices, Information Visualization, and Augmented Reality Sections I through III of this book cover special approaches in affective and pleasurable design with emphasis on diversity, cultural and traditional contexts, and ergonomics and human factors. Sections IV through VII focus on design issues in product, service, and system development, human interface, emotional aspect in UX, and methodological issues in design and development. Sections VIII and IX handle emotional design approaches in diverse areas, i.e. biosignals, textiles, and clothing, and emerging technologies for human interaction in smart computing era. Overall structure of this book is organized to move from special interests in design, design and development issues, to novel approaches for emotional design. "--
Bodystorming for movement-based interaction design
The voices of the users : how technology can help in co-innovation
Online surveys in collecting cross-cultural qualitative user experience feedback
Integrating UX work in agile enterprise software development
User experience of geocaching and its applications to tourism and education
User-centered design competencies : construction of a competency model
Everyday practice of food consuming : a case study on a web based supply service
Designing connected products : UX for the consumer internet of things
Innovating for people : handbook of human-centered design methods
Value in experience : design and evaluation framework based on case studies of novel mobile services
Co-design, tools & methods
Concept code : how to create meaningful concepts
Old age brings several physical and cognitive challenges for elderly people, which complicates the utilization of modern information and communication technology (ICT) for daily task assistance and for caretakers and family support. One factor hindering the adoption of ICT is that most existing user interfaces (UIs) require prior knowledge of use metaphors that many elderly people cannot learn to master. Research on developing assistive technology exists, such as phones for the elderly, but these often have UIs that require prior knowledge and use experience. Recent research has introduced Ambient Assisted Living (AAL) concepts for users' homes, for example projecting guidance into the environment. However, only a few empirical studies have attempted to define the type of projection-based UIs that would be intuitive for the elderly, and the system design processes that would help in developing such AAL have not been researched thoroughly.This work presents three design iterations and their empirical evaluations. From these, a body of knowledge was produced for designing and developing AALs with projected Augmented Reality (AR) UIs. The first iteration had a sentence-building UI implemented for a wearable Projector-Camera (ProCam) system, which had limits in technical suitability for the elderly. The second iteration changed the use metaphor to a simple icon-based menu, and produced a requirement guideline for UIs in AAL. In the final iteration, the wearable was replaced with a fixed ProCam, allowing the elderly to make menu selections effectively. This iteration supported sequential tasks, such as taking medicine, with visual guides. The suitability of the new UI was tested with computer literate young adults and elderly users, many of the latter having memory and motor skill limitations. The comparison showed that the two groups performed similarly; however, the eld erly needed a slower and more direct interaction technique adapted to their preferences in the UI. Assistance for the sequential tasks was found feasible.This work produced a set of UI-related and technical factors that AAL designers should take into account when developing projector-based AR systems for the elderly with memory problems. In addition, this work offers suggestions on how to conduct UI testing sessions with this user group to reduce the amount of work and improve the success of the iterative development process.
It seems logical to argue that mobile computing technologies are intended for use “on-the-go.” However, on closer inspection, the use of mobile technologies pose a number of challenges for users who are mobile, particularly moving around on foot. In engaging with such mobile technologies and their envisaged development, we argue that interaction designers must increasingly consider a multitude of perspectives that relate to walking in order to frame design problems appropriately. In this paper, we consider a number of perspectives on walking, and we discuss how these may inspire the design of mobile technologies. Drawing on insights from non-representational theory, we develop a partial vocabulary with which to engage with qualities of pedestrian mobility, and we outline how taking more mindful approaches to walking may enrich and inform the design space of handheld technologies..
Promoting usability in software development Scrum projects
Automated and interactive composition of ubiquitous applications
OpenSR: an open-source stimulus-response testing framework
The psychology of information security : resolving conflicts between security compliance and human behaviour
Evidence of user-led co-creation at mobile learning lab in JAMK
Functional clothing design : from sportswear to spacesuits
Design like Apple : seven principles for creating insanely great products, services, and experiences
Here & there : designing passenger experiences in air travel
Design is a key site of cultural production and change in contemporary society. Anthropologists have been involved in design projects for several decades but only recently a new field of inquiry has emerged which aims to integrate the strengths of design thinking and anthropological research. This book is written by anthropologists who actively participate in the development of design anthropology. Comprising both cutting-edge explorations and theoretical reflections, it provides a much-needed introduction to the concepts, methods, practices and challenges of the new field. Design Anthropology moves from observation and interpretation to collaboration, intervention and co-creation. Its practitioners participate in multidisciplinary design teams working towards concrete solutions for problems that are sometimes ill-defined. The authors address the critical potential of design anthropology in a wide range of design activities across the globe and query the impact of design on the discipline of anthropology. This volume will appeal to new and experienced practitioners in the field as well as to students of anthropology, innovation, science and technology studies, and a wide range of design studies focusing on user participation, innovation, and collaborative research.
Brainstorming and beyond : a user-centered desing method
Possibilities of comics as innovation tools
Better together : the trail user participation toolkit for living labs
Digital reading platform : case study: classical Chinese reading platform
User centered system design : new perspectives on human-computer interaction
User story mapping : discover the whole story, build the right product
Innovative business opportunities for high-autonomous vehicles : a user-centric oriented approach within Volkswagen A.G
With the rise of ubiquitous computing technologies in everyday life, the daily actions of people are becoming ever more choreographed by the interactions available through technology. By combining the notion of inscriptions from actor-network theory and the qualitative descriptors of movement from Laban movement analysis, an analytic framework is proposed for exploring how the interplay of material and social inscriptions gives rise to movement patterns and behaviors, translated into choreographic inscriptions described with Laban effort and shape. It is demonstrated through a case study of an affective gesture mobile device. The framework provides an understanding of (a) how movement qualities are shaped by social and material inscriptions, (b) how the relative strength of inscriptions on movements may change according to different settings and user appropriation over time, and (c) how transforming inscriptions by design across different mediums can generate action spaces with varying degrees of openness..
User-centered approach in practice : designing photovoltaic energy use for Italian homes
Rehearsing the future
The Secret Recipe for Future Supply Chains – The Silent Voice of the Customer : Case: Freight Forwarding Company X
Service design with theory : discussions on change, value and methods
"Experience Design brings together leading international scholars to provide a cross-section view of current academic discourse and professional practice within this emerging interdisciplinary field. Contributors use real-life case studies drawn from a range of national and disciplinary contexts to explore the meaning of 'experience'; ways in which specific 'experiences' can be designed; which methodologies and practices are employed in this process, and how experience design interrelates with other academic and professional disciplines"-- Provided by publisher.
In interaction design and related disciplines, the focus of research tends toward technological objects rather than the movements relating to interacting with the objects. Even when movements are considered, the emphasis is placed on their instrumental value, that is, how movements have direct effect on the functions of technology. However, the emphasis of this thematic issue of Human Technology rests upon the design and use of technological objects. In other words, we, as editors of this special issue, were looking for submissions that emphasized intentional human movement in the physical and social lifeworld in which humans encounter technological and virtual artifacts..
Design thinking : process & methods guide
Human-technology choreographies : body, movement, and space
The UX book : process and guidelines for ensuring a quality user experience
UX for lean startups : faster, smarter user experience research and design
User centred service innovation at Lutakko Living Lab : the case of Paviljonki Trade Fair Center
Games as a service : how free2play design can make better games
Choreographic inscriptions : a framework for exploring sociomaterial influences on qualities of movement for HCI
The term "smart city" defines the new urban environment, one that is designed for performance through information and communication technologies. Given that the majority of people across the world will live in urban environments within the next few decades, it's not surprising that massive effort and investment is being placed into efforts to develop strategies and plans for achieving "smart" urban growth. Building Smart Cities: Analytics, ICT, and Design Thinking explains the technology and a methodology known as design thinking for building smart cities. Information and communications technologies form the backbone of smart cities. A comprehensive and robust data analytics program enables the right choices to be made in building these cities. Design thinking helps to create smart cities that are both livable and able to evolve. This book examines all of these components in the context of smart city development and shows how to use them in an integrated manner.
Lumina - a fantasy story for young adults : a case study on designing a concept for an experience e-book
UX for dummies
Building a modern 3D virtual laboratory  for user-centric design approaches : case
Successful Service Development in  the Public Sector: a Case study of a Service Design  Project Carried out in Short-Term Care  Services in the Town of Turku
A step towards the future of wellbeing : pharmacy service design case
The Oxford handbook of affective computing
Writing for interaction : crafting the information experience for web and software apps
Design anthropology : object culture in the 21st century
Experience design : concepts and case studies
Towards better usability : usability and end-user participation in healthcare information technology systems development
Designing for situation awareness : an approach to user-centered design
How social media changes user-centred design : cumulative and strategic user involvement with respect to developer-user social distance
Service-oriented architecture : concepts, technology and design
Advances in affective and pleasurable design
Advancing the lead user method and its adoption in organizations
Designing home air quality communicator
User story mapping : [discover the whole story, build the right product]
Bringing user experience to healthcare improvement : the concepts, methods and practices of experience-based design
The modern 3D virtual laboratory at Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS)  brings new kind of efficiency to design and engineering. In a virtual environment the  models are in the same scale as in the final building, which helps to understand and  perceive details in a concrete way. The virtual lab creates experiences that also promote  product sale and marketing.
Design and designing : a critical introduction
"Functional Clothing Design introduces new ways to look at the human body, the environment, and clothing. It explores the ways design can achieve goals such as protecting the body, increasing health and safety, or increasing body function. Building on the groundbreaking text Clothing: The Portable Environment by co-author Susan M. Watkins, this text covers aspects of functional clothing design including: User-centered design for comfort and function in clothing; Clothing for thermal protection, impact protection, and hazardous environments; The design of wearable technology and other apparel solutions that enhance and augment body function; Commercial product development and the development of functional garmets and materials".
Universal design : the HUMBLES method for user-centred business
Human-experiential design of presence in everyday blended reality : living in the here and now
Human factors and ergonomics in practice : improving system performance and human well-being in the real world
Advances in usability evaluation / Part I
Designing for emotion
The user experience team of one : a research and design survival guide
Designing for e-commerce : a lean UX approach
Development of Service Quality Rating Through Design Thinking and Innovation Metrics
A user-centered design of discomfort glare evaluation for white LED light sources
Open innovation : new product development essentials from the PDMA
Mapping the user experience : development of a validated instrument from the plans and scripts of the computer community of practice
The Oxford Handbook of Affective Computing is a definitive reference in the burgeoning field of affective computing (AC), a multidisciplinary field encompassing computer science, engineering, psychology, education, neuroscience, and other disciplines. AC research explores how affective factors influence interactions between humans and technology, how affect sensing and affect generation techniques can inform our understanding of human affect, and on the design, implementation, and evaluation of systems involving affect at their core. The volume features 41 chapters and is divided into five sections: history and theory, detection, generation, methodologies, and applications. Section 1 begins with the making of AC and a historical review of the science of emotion. The following chapters discuss the theoretical underpinnings of AC from an interdisciplinary viewpoint. Section 2 examines affect detection or recognition, a commonly investigated area. Section 3 focuses on aspects of affect generation, including the synthesis of emotion and its expression via facial features, speech, postures, and gestures. Cultural issues are also discussed. Section 4 focuses on methodological issues in AC research, including data collection techniques, multimodal affect databases, formats for the representation of emotion, crowdsourcing techniques, machine learning approaches, affect elicitation techniques, useful AC tools, and ethical issues. Finally, Section 5 highlights applications of AC in such domains as formal and informal learning, games, robotics, virtual reality, autism research, health care, cyberpsychology, music, deception, reflective writing, and cyberpsychology.
Design probes for happiness
Stimulus-response (S-R) tests provide a unique way to acquire information about human perception by capturing automatic responses to stimuli and attentional processes. This paper presents OpenSR, a user-centered S-R testing framework providing a graphical user interface that can be used by researchers to customize, administer, and manage one type of S-R test, the implicit association test. OpenSR provides an extensible open-source Web-based framework that is platform independent and can be implemented on most computers using any operating system. In addition, it provides capabilities for automatically generating and assigning participant identifications, assigning participants to different condition groups, tracking responses, and facilitating collecting and exporting of data. The Web technologies and languages used in creating the OpenSR framework are discussed, namely, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Python, and Django. OpenSR is available for free download..
Trustworthy context dependency in ubiquitous systems
Collaboration in creative design : methods and tools
"A new way to create-and then disrupt Industry disruption is no longer isolated to a unique product or service. Today's consumer needs engagement in order to be swayed to interact, connect, and buy your next offering. Achieve this and you'll achieve success. Sharp and refreshing, design insider and expert Jon Kolko offers a new view and usable process for conceiving and building powerful, emotionally resonant new products in this new book. In Well-Designed, Kolko-VP at MyEdu and Founder and Director of the Austin Center for Design--shows how deep, meaningful engagement happens when products and services are delivered in an authentic way, when consumers see them less like manufactured artifacts and more like good friends. The key is empathy-driven design thinking, using a process of storytelling and iteration, with results that provoke emotion, change behavior, and create deep engagement. Kolko, who has been engaged in this process of design for more than 15 years, now shares a concrete set of steps for identifying lucrative opportunities, designing for innovation, and producing products that have deep, meaningful emotional engagement. By following this process, readers will learn how to raise the role of design to a strategic competency"--
"Preface Successful interaction with products, tools and technologies depends on usable designs, accommodating the needs of potential users and does not require costly training. In this context, this book is concerned about emerging concepts, theories and applications of human factors knowledge focusing on the discovery and understanding of human interaction with products and systems for their improvement. The book is organized into four sections that focus on the following subject matters: - Usability Methods and Tools - Theoretical Issues in Usability - Usability in Web Environment - Miscellaneous In the section "Usability Methods and Tools," studies related with new and improved methods and tools for the advancement in the efficiency of the usability studies is reported. In this context, this book provides studies, which cover everything from checklists and heuristics development to kaizen and biometrics measurement techniques. Also, the use of tools, like eye tracker, virtual reality and augmented reality is discussed. "--
"The games industry is serious business and the role of a games designer has dramatically changed over just the last few years. Developers now have to rethink everything they know about the creative, technical and business challenges to adapt to the transition to games as a service. Games as a Service: How Free to Play Design Can Make Better Games has been written to help designers overcome many of the fears and misconceptions surrounding freemium and social games. It provides a framework to deliver better games rather than the 'evil' or 'manipulative' experiences some designers fear with the move away from wasteful Products to sustainable, trustworthy Services. Games as a Service features: - Step-by-Step guide to ethical social and freemium game design principles - Product Design techniques to help create commercial games without compromising fun - The Role of the Player Lifecycle from Discovery, Learning, Engaging, and Churning - End-of-chapter exercises providing a design framework for Game As A Service - Companion website (www.GamesAsAService.net) for designers to share ideas"--Back cover.
"The success of a piece of communication has always been dependent on the connection between content, form, audience and context - what the message is, who it's aimed at, what it looks like, and how and where it's communicated. In recent years the balance between these elements has shifted. Graphic and communication designers have traditionally offered style and packaging solutions for brands and products. However, as the nature and complexity of brands has changed within our economy, a designer's ability to analyse, understand and clarify has become ever more important. In this world, the thinking behind a communication outcome is much more significant to the income of a creative agency, and designers are often employed to help a client understand what sort of design they need, rather than simply to style up what a client thinks they want. It is this shift in the designer's role that this book examines, through themes of brand, experience, conversation, participation, navigation, advocacy and critique. Providing educators, students and design practitioners with an overview of the most important and exciting developments in contemporary communication design, Communication Design identifies a series of emerging modes of creative practice to help clarify the mind and skill-sets that are inherent to successful working practice"--
Embodied interaction choreographies : kinesthetic approach to intelligent environment design
Communication Design : insights from the creative industries
Website design and development : 100 questions to ask before building a website
