http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25868 computerisation
computerisation
Digitized : the science of computers and how it shapes our world
This book examines how technology facilitates growing polarisation between wealthy elites and precarious workers. Nick Dyer-Witheford reveals the class domination behind everything from expanding online surveillance to intensifying robotisation. At the same time, he explores the possibilities that information technology offers within radical movements, recasting contemporary struggles in the blue glow of the computer screen.
Electronic culture : technology and visual representation
Abstract: Computerization of the Kenyan health care records. The purpose of this paper is to create awareness of the benefits of a computerized health care system as opposed to the manual system of record keeping currently in operation within the Kenyan healthcare sector. This paper highlights the current problems that hospitals face and how they can be eliminated. In the research of this Thesis, it was found that the Kenyan population estimates as of 2011 records 41 million inhabitants. The largest referral hospital in Kenya, the Kenyatta national hospital currently has to contend with 3,000 manual transactions daily with stationery accounting for 12 per cent of it is administrative costs. Lack of computer-based files means that health care professionals cannot effectively cater to the patients' well-being. The health of these inhabitants is vital and this paper will emphasize on how computerization in the health care system will revamp it. By digitizing over 40 million records and other technology transformations, the Kenyatta hospital believes that it will contribute to the knowledge transfer and citizen transformation ecosystem. The research questions for this paper were: What is the current situation in the Kenyan medical record system in the health sector? How can a computer-based system be incorporated in the Kenyan health sector? What are the benefits of introducing a computer-based system in the Kenyan health sector? As a result of the thesis, ideas of a computerized healthcare system were formulated and a general framework of the system examined. The computer-based system derived from this paper would be able to effectively and efficiently output the identity of individuals, their diagnosis and medical history without necessarily having to go back to the manual bundle of records.
Computerization of the Kenyan health care records
Children, technology and culture : the impacts of technologies in children's everyday lives
Machines that become us : the social context of personal communication technology
Technoculture and critical theory : in the service of the machine?
Cyber-proletariat : global labour in the digital vortex
Peter J. Bentley tells the story of computer science, explaining how and why computers were invented, how they work, looking at real-world examples of computers in use, and considering what will happen in the future.
From Barbie to Mortal Kombat : gender and computer games
Garments of paradise : wearable discourse in the digital age
