http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25859 ignition
ignition
The legend of the lighter
The purpose of this thesis was to monitor the winter test of John Deere tractors. The number of tractors in the test was three, two of which were operating at the same time. The purpose of the winter test was to monitor the operation of tractors in cold and snowy conditions, as well as tasks that can not be executed in Central Europe. The test examined the entire operation of the tractor, but the main focus was on the new engine technology. The goal was to conduct the test without great difficulties and produce as much feedback as possible, as well as suggestions for improvement to the factory. The idea was also to provide technical support to the customer or the service in order to keep the tractors at work for as many hours as possible. The test operators were guided to give as much feedback as possible such as improvement suggestions or defects in tractors. The theoretical part deals with the reduction of emissions in diesel engines. The thesis also presents a technology that was selected for the John Deere engines to meet the new emission standards. The test result was a variety of failures and problems, as well as reports and solutions. John Deere require typical engine load profiles in applications that can be executed in Finland, which for example due to the circumstances, cannot be executed in Central Europe. Applications were monitored for engine activity such as potential heating problems, passive regeneration efficiency and exhaust gas temperature management system. This study evaluated the risks which the tasks may cause to the machine. The most important point to monitor was the engine operation in cold starts. The load profiles and engine activity tracking was contucted by measuring the ECU values. The measurement was performed by a laptop, which was connected to the tractor bus. The computer had a program for measuring the ECU, called DevX.
With a focus on ecology, economy and engine performance, diesel engines are explored in relation to current research and developments. The prevalent trends in this development are outlined with particular focus on the most frequently used alternative fuels in diesel engines; the properties of various type of biodiesel and the concurrent improvement of diesel engine characteristics using numeric optimization alongside current investigation and research work in the field. Following of a short overview of engine control, aftertreatment and alternative fuels, Green Diesel Engine explores the effects of biodiesel usage on injection, fuel spray, combustion, and tribology characteristics, and engine performance. Additionally, optimization procedures of diesel engine characteristics are discussed using practical examples and each topic is corroborated and supported by current research and detailed illustrations. This thorough discussion provides a solid foundation in the current research but also a starting point for fresh ideas for engineers involved in developing/adjusting diesel engines for usage of alternative fuels, researchers in renewable energy, as well as to engineers, advanced undergraduates, and postgraduates.
Autodata : Electric ignition 1991.
Basic motorsport engineering : units for study at level 2
How to tune & modify Bosch fuel injection
The winter test of John Deere tractors with final tier 4 technology = [John Deere traktorien talvitesti final tier 4 teknologialla]
Diesel engine transient operation : principles of operation and simulation analysis
Variable Valve Actuation 2004.
Electronic ignition. 1 : Vehicles introduced before 1987
Engine emissions measurement handbook
Confinement in the diode laser ignition of energetic materials
The Viet Nam Zippo, 1933-1975
Motorsport is not just about the spectacle of some of the world's most popular and famous sporting events - it also plays a crucial role in developing new techniques and technologies. Each unit in the IMI and EAL level 2 courses are covered in full, and the chapters can be easily matched to the BTEC First course structure. The book covers introductory topics in motorsport from vehicle science and maths through the basics of vehicle maintenance to pre and post race inspections.
Study of emission and combustion characteristics of RME B100 biodiesel from a heavy duty DI diesel engine
Combustion characteristics of a Dual Fuel diesel engine with natural gas : (study with fatty acid methyl esters used as ignition fuels)
Influence of the number of sparks/cycle and spark duration on the performance of a spark assisted diesel engine
Effect of ultra-high injection pressure on diesel ignition and flame under high-boost conditions
Emissions technologies
Governors for diesel in-line fuel-injection
Automobile electrical and electronic systems
A study of the evolution of concentration in the manufacture and supply of tyres, sparking plugs, and motor-vehicle accumulators for the United Kingdom : a report prepared for the Diroctcrate-General for Competition of the Commission of the European Communities
Handbook of diesel engines
