http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25876 captains
captains
Until the sea shall give up her dead
Purity of blood
Mutiny on the Bounty
The midnight watch
The aeronaut's windlass
The Great Galloon : being a mostly accurate tale of the voyages of Captain Meredith Anstruther, his crew and his celebrated Great Galloon
Pirates of the Caribbean : vierailla vesillä
What the duke doesn't know
Little Tim and the brave sea captain
An alphabetical list of ships employed in the South Sea whale fishery from Britain : 1775-1815
Professor Satō's three formulae. Part 2, Mortimer versus Mortimer
Celtic tales : a Corto Maltese graphic novel
The notorious Lady Anne
Salt water taffy, the seaside adventures of Jack and Benny. 4 : Caldera's revenge. Part 1
The silent sea : a novel of the Oregon files
Macneil's Seamanship examiner for Mates/Masters
The secret of the swordfish. Part 3 : SX1 strikes back
The adventures of Captain Underpants
Avengers : Endless wartime
Red leaders : the official story of Manchester United's captains
Captain Jack and the pirates
Oceanology : the true account of the voyage of the Nautilus by Zoticus de Lesseps, 1863
Moby-Dick, or, the whale
Crime at sea
Twenty thousand leagues under the sea
The voyages of Captain Cook / Rex and Thea Rienits
Empire of ivory
The abominable snowman : a short story from dragons at crumbling castle
Moby-Dick or, the whale
Captain America : civil war
Captain America : the first avenger
The Knights of pendragon : Once and future
Captain in calico
In the King's name
Twenty trillion leagues under the sea
Megan's mate : A selection from the Calhoun Women: Suzanna & Megan
A battle won
In over 40 years as a senior captain for Greenpeace International, Peter Willcox has been in the vanguard of the international environmentalist movement. He has led crews into battle for the good of the planet against whale killers, nuclear testing sites and deep sea drillers. The recipient of a Lifetime Achievement Award from The Guardian, Peter has confronted naval warships, including diving in front of a moving destroyer; faced a bombing attack of the iconic 'Rainbow Warrior', resulting in the murder of a shipmate; and endured imprisonment for peacefully protesting Russian oil drilling in Antarctica along with his crew. This is his story.
A ship of war
Liverpool captains : a journey of leadership from the pitch
Moby-Dick, or, the Whale
I married the duke
Black powder war
Captain Underpants and the big, bad battle of the Bionic Booger Boy. Part 1, The night of the nasty nostril nuggets
Captain Underpants and the terrifying return of Tippy Tinkletrousers : the ninth epic novel
The king's gold
Are you the pirate captain?
Muting on the Bounty
Captain Underpants and the sensational saga of Sir Stinks-A-Lot : the twelfth epic novel
Captain Phillips
Professor Satō's three formulae. Part 1, Mortimer in Tokyo
Moby Dick or the white whale
The floating time bomb
Greenpeace captain : bizarre wanderings on the Rainbow Warrior
Captain Underpants and the preposterous plight of the purple potty people : the eighth epic novel
The girl in the gatehouse
Titanic hero : the autobiography of captain Rostron of the Carpathia
The Calhoun women : Suzanna & Megan
Yarns of the seven seas
Captain Underpants and the big, bad battle of the Bionic Booger Boy. Part 2, The revenge of the ridiculous robo-boogers
Captain Underpants and the attack of the talking toilets
Moby Dick, or, The white whale
The secret of the swordfish. Part 1 : The incredible chase
The courageous Captain America
A reference book listing almost 600 whale ships employed in the Southern Fishery from Britain for the first forty years of that industry. A snapshots of the 'life histories' of each ship in terms of owners, masters and voyages is provided for this global trade.
Pirates of the Caribbean : Vierailla vesillä
Prisoners of the sun
In command : ...200 things I wish I'd known before I was captain
Captain Underpants and the revolting revenge of the radioactive robo-boxers : the tenth epic novel
Moby-Dick : or, the whale
The great days of sail : reminiscences of a tea-clipper captain
Victory of eagles
Captain Underpants and the wrath of the wicked wedgie woman
Birds of prey
The secret of the swordfish. Part 2 : Mortimer's escape
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Cap'n Buck : monstrous biographies
