http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25909 quark
quark
Sphagnum species along environmental gradients in mires of the Sudety Mountains (SW Poland)
The intricate beauty of Sphagnum mosses : a Finnish guide to identification
The sphagnaceæ or peat-mosses of Europe and North America
Classification of Sphagnum peatlands in Azores — cases from Terceira Island. (Tiivistelmä: Azorien rahkasuot - esimerkkinä Terceira-saaren suot
Restoring vegetation and carbon dynamics in a cut-away peatland
Census catalogue of British sphagna
Environmental control of the growth of Sphagnum fuscum and dwarf shrubs on the raised bog Laaviosuo, southern Finland
Studies on Sphagnum L. 2: synopsis of the distribution in Finland and adjacent parts of Norway and the U.S.S.R
The effect of water level regulation on carbon store in a drained Sphagnum peat profile
The effect of elevated CO2 and N-input on Sphagna with different trophy
The effects of alkaline fly ash precipitation on the Sphagnum mosses in Niinsaare bog, NE Estonia
Field guide to the peat mosses of boreal North America
Possible causes of erosion of the blanket mires of the Bowland fells
The effects of elevated N-input and CO2 on Sphagna with different trophic level
The aims of this study were to explore the mires (peatlands) in Terceira Island of Azores, invent their vegetation and ecology, and classify the mires to the ecological groups. In the field, totally 300 mires were identified and mapped, of which 58 were selected for the detailed analysis of this study. Physical, chemical, floristic, hydrological and geomorphologic data of the mires were collected in 1997-2004. The data were organized and analysed using ordination methods (CA). A detailed distribution map of the mires in the Island is presented. Three major mire site groups occurring in Azores were identified: (1) Basin mires; (2) Transition and raised mires and (3) Hillside and blanket mires. The profiles and the plant species of these site type groups are presented.
Studies on Sphagnum L. : 1. nomenclatural revision of the European taxa
Response of Sphagna to the changing environment
Handbook of European Sphagna
Potential NH4+ and NO3- uptake on various Sphagnum species
Third International Symposium on the Biology of Sphagnum, Uppsala - Trondheim August 2002 : schedule and abstracts
The effect of elevated CO2 concentration on photosynthesis of Sphagnum fuscum
Habitat and species controls on Sphagnum production and decomposition in a mountain raised bog
Boreal peatland ecosystems
Hydrophysical properties of peat relicts in a former bog and perspectives for Sphagnum regrowth
Regional variation of sulphur concentrations in Sphagnum mosses and Cladonia lichens in Finnish bogs
The intricate beauty of Sphagnum mosses : a Finnish guide for identification
The Sphagnum subsecundum complex (Sphagnaceae) : morphological variability and taxonomic implications
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 2, American cheese varieties
Peat mosses of the Southeastern United States
Restoration of ecosystem structure and function in boreal spruce swamp forests
Fungi and bacteria in peat and peat forming plant communities
Bacterial nitrogen fixation in boreal mosses
Response of Sphagnum fuscum to N deposition and increased CO2
Summary: The hummock and hollow patterns of the peat bogs.
Cold and heat resistance of five species of Sphagnum
Deposition of airborne metals around the lead-zinc mine in Maarmorilik monitored by lichens and mosses
Effect of N deposition on free amino acid concentrations in two Sphagnum species
The Norwegian Sphagna : a field colour guide
Photosynthesis of Sphagnum fuscum at long-term raised CO2 concentrations
Variation in water retention characteristics of peat growth media used in tree nurseries
Third International Symposium on the Biology of Sphagnum, Uppsala - Trondheim August 2002 : excursion guide
Distribution of lipids in Finnish peat at different depth levels of sampling
Atmospheric PCB deposition in Finland during 1970s and 1980s on the basis of concentrations in ombrotrophic peat mosses (Sphagnum)
