http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25917 sequencing
sequencing
Indentification of genomic structure variation of synechocystis sp. Pcc 6803 mutants through next generation sequencing
Next Generation Sequencing: Current Technologies and Applications
Molecular profiling of indoor microbial communities in moisture damaged and non-damaged buildings
Liturgical sequences in medieval manuscript fragments in the Swedish National Archives : repertorial investigation, inventory, and reconstruction of sources
New insights into the genetic basis of colorectal cancer
Optimization of sample preparation for next-generation sequencing with Illumina Genome Analyzer II
Characterisation of diverse microbial communities and application of novel detection techniques
Computational methods for analyzing complex high-throughput data from cancers
Individualized chemical systems medicine of acute and chronic myeloid leukemia
This text explores the most recent advances in NGS instrumentation and data analysis. It begins with a comprehensive description of current NSG platforms, their sequencing chemistries, instrument specifications, and general workflows and procedures. A separate chapter is dedicated to low-quantity, single molecule sequencing technology. Further chapters explore the application of NSG technologies in various fields.
Gene biotechnology
In Europe, throughout the Middle Ages, a sequence was sung before the reading of the Gospel in the Roman Mass at the most prominent feasts of the liturgical year. The genre is remarkable through its often large scale compositions, poetic language and peculiar melodies. Different liturgical traditions gradually developed their own sequence repertories, with different stylistic forms. The scarcity of preserved manuscripts has long impeded an assessment of the diffusion of the genre in Sweden. This situation radically changed with the recent cataloguing of numerous parchment leaves cut from medieval books and used in the binding of 16th century accounts, during the reign of Gustav Vasa and his sons. In spite of their fragmentary state the leaves contain a surprisingly rich sequence material. The first part of this volume focuses on the repertories, listing all the sequences found for each specific feast. If possible, both the earlier European and later Swedish transmission of a sequence is sketched. The second part is an inventory and close description of all the fragments containing sequences. The fragments date from the 12th through the 15th century, originating above all from sequentiaries, graduals or missals. The enclosed cd contains about 2 060 images covering the entire sequence material used in the investigation.
Computational genomics of lactobacilli
Genetic studies on susceptibility genes in osteoarthritis
Finnsheep is one of the most prolific sheep breeds in the world. We sequenced RNA-Seq libraries from the ovaries of Finnsheep ewes collected during out of season breeding period at about 30X sequence coverage. A total of 86 966 348 and 105 587 994 reads from two samples were mapped against latest available ovine reference genome (Oarv3.1). The transcriptome assembly revealed 14 870 known ovine genes, including the 15 candidate genes for fertility and out-of-season breeding. In this study we successfully used our bioinformatics pipeline to assemble the first ovarian transcriptome of Finnsheep.
Microbial identification by detection of ligation probes on DNA microarray
Advanced performance monitoring for self-healing cellular mobile networks
Genomics of bacterial and archaeal virus isolates from extreme aquatic environments
Genome-based natural product biosynthetic gene cluster discovery : from sequencing to mining
MED12 : a novel player in uterine leiomyomas
RNA-seq data analysis : a practical approach
Bioinformatics for high throughput sequencing
Transcriptome profiling of Finnsheep ovaries during out-of-season breeding period
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
"RNA-seq offers unprecedented information about transcriptome, but harnessing this information with bioinformatics tools is typically a bottleneck. This self-contained guide enables researchers to examine differential expression at gene, exon, and transcript level and to discover novel genes, transcripts, and whole transcriptomes. Each chapter starts with theoretical background, followed by descriptions of relevant analysis tools. The book also provides examples using command line tools and the R statistical environment. For non-programming scientists, the same examples are covered using open source software with a graphical user interface"--
Computational analysis of small non-coding RNAs in model systems
Sequencing of reforms : a case study of the reform programs in Tanzania
Linking taxonomy and environmental 18S-rRNA-gene sequencing of Baltic Sea protists
Digital addressable lighting interface = Interface d'éclairage adressable numérique. Part  210 = Partie 210, Particular requirements for control gear - Sequencer (device type 9) = Exigences particulieres pour les appareillages de commande - Modules de DEL (dispositfs de type 9)
