http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25938 phonation
phonation
The new flute : workbook & DVD : flute-beatboxing, sing & play, bisbigliando, whistles, glissando & ,more
Noise : a human history of sound and listening
Principles of experimental phonetics
Lexicon of the Mouth surveys the oral cavity as the central channel by which self and surrounding are brought into relation. Questions of embodiment and agency, attachment and loss, incorporation and hunger, locution and the non-sensical are critically examined. In doing so, LaBelle emphasizes the mouth as a vital conduit for negotiating "the foundational narrative of proper speech." Lexicon of the Mouth aims for a viscous, poetic and resonant discourse of subjectivity, detailed through the "micro-oralities" of laughing and whispering, stuttering and reciting, eating and kissing, among others. The oral cavity is posed as an impressionable arena, susceptible to all types of material input, contamination and intervention, while also enabling powerful forms of resistance, attachment and conversation, as well as radical imagination. ---
Applied speech and audio processing : with Matlab examples
Occupational voice - studying voice production and preventing voice problems with special emphasis on call-centre employees
The impact of respiratory allergies on voice production during the pollen season
Vox humana : juhlakirja Aatto Sonnisen 60-vuotispäiväksi 24.12.1982 = Studies presented to Aatto Sonninen on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday, December 24, 1982
Methods and studies of laryngeal voice quality analysis in speech production
Text-to-speech synthesis
The competent public speaker
Is your voice telling on you? : how to find and use your natural voice
Communication acoustics : an introduction to speech, audio, and psychoacoustics
"This book aims to convey to engineering students and researchers alike the relevant knowledge about the nature of acoustics, sound and hearing that will enable them to develop new technologies in this area through acquiring a thorough understanding of how sound and hearing works. There is currently no technical book available covering the communication path from sound sources through medium to the formation of auditory events in the brain - this book will fill this gap in the current book literature. It discusses the multidisciplinary area of acoustics, hearing, psychoacoustics, signal processing, speech and sound quality and is suitable for use as a main course textbook for senior undergraduate and graduate courses related to audio communication systems. It covers the basics of signal processing, traditional acoustics as well as the human hearing system and how to build audio techniques based on human hearing resolution. It discusses the technologies and applications for sound synthesis and reproduction, and for speech and audio quality evaluation"--
Semioccluded vocal tract exercises : a physiologic approach for voice training and therapy
Breathing, swallowing and voice in laryngeal disorders
Sound : a very short introduction
Lexicon of the mouth : poetics and politics of voice and the oral imaginary
Proceedings of the first Nordic Conference of Voice Ergonomics and Treatment
Methods in empirical prosody research
Sociophonetics : an introduction
Sound is integral to how we experience the world, in the form of noise as well as music. But what is sound? What is the physical basis of pitch and harmony? And how are sound waves exploited in musical instruments? In this book Mike Goldsmith looks at the science of sound and explores sound in different contexts, covering the audible and inaudible, sound underground and underwater, acoustic and electric, and hearing in humans and animals. He also considers the problem of sound out of place - noise and its reduction.
Studies on voice production : with a special emphasis on vocal loading, gender, some exposure factors and intensity regulation
Handbook of voice assessments
Exercises for voice therapy
New linear predictive methods for digital speech processing
University of Tampere, Department (Institute) of Speech Communication and Voice Research : 30 years of existence : lectures presented at the festival seminar held 4 November 2004
Phonating into resonance tubes with the free end in water : effects on the vertical laryngeal position and oral pressure : a pilot study
