http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25989 social gender
social gender
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
Gender equity : an integrated theory of stability and change
"The last 50 years have seen unprecedented changes in sexual and gender relationships. These include the easy availability of contraception, the separation of sexual experience from marriage and marriage from parenthood, more broken marriages, and legal provision for same-sex unions. Relationships between men and women have changed from a model of male dominance, towards a new model of male/female equality, and on to a new recognition of sexual and gender difference. These transformations have resulted in great benefits but they have also generated great uncertainties and unfulfilled expectations. They have sparked painful and on-going controversies in all the churches. God, Sex, and Gender is a clear and engaging introduction to these issues. It offers a consistent theological understanding which is contemporary, undogmatic, questioning, and relevant to readers' experience, interests and needs. Throughout the book, Thatcher connects theological ideas, with broader, secular thought. It fills a gap in the literature by linking together the diverse themes of sexuality, gender and Christian thought in one coherent volume. Its comprehensive and even-handed discussion of these issues will ensure it becomes a vital text in the field"--
The lie of the land : gender, farm work, and land in a rural Vietnamese village
Physical activity and self-related health in Swedish high school students
The social construction of gender in different cultural contexts : articles written by researchers in Australia, Finland, Norway, Russia, Sweden and the USA
Rethinking gender : masculinity, femininity and queerity in postcolonial Indian fiction
TOPmodels and top designers : forms of social interaction and creativity in the TOPmodel online forums
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Formations of class and gender : becoming respectable
Unearthing gender : folksongs of North India
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
"More than a man, and in troth, sometime less than a woman" : the language of Queen Elizabeth I
Gender regulation, violence and social hierarchies in school : 'sluts', 'gays' and 'scrubs'
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Gender : in world perspective
Constituting the healthy employee? : governing gendered subjects in workplace health promotion
The anthropology of China : China as ethnographic and theoretical critique
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Gender and agency : reconfiguring the subject in feminist and social theory
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
Gender, social change and spiritual power : charismatic Christianity in Ghana
Post-tsunami reconstruction in Indonesia : negotiating normativity through gender mainstreaming initiatives in Aceh
Measuring justice : primary goods and capabilities
Androgyny as a fusion of masculine and feminine qualities in the poetry of Edith Södergran
Fashion and cultural studies
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
The biopolitics of gender
My new gender workbook : a step-by-step guide to achieving world peace through gender anarchy and sex positivity
Albania : family, society and culture in the 20th century
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
The semiotics of clowns and clowing : rituals of transgression and the theory of laughter
Gender and stratification
"This book discusses the understandings of gender and Islam in pesantren and Sufi orders in Indonesia. It contributes to the decolonization of the anthropology of Islam in Indonesia, confronting ideological and intellectual tropes of (neo)-colonialism in two ways. Firstly, it deconstructs categories denying the "authenticity" of Indonesian Islams on the basis of comparison with the Arab Middle East, and secondly, it critically examines the salience of expatriate and diasporic Middle Eastern Muslim feminist discourses and secular western feminist analyses in Indonesian contexts"--
Nurses go visiting : ethics and gender in home-based nursing care
Religious science fiction in Battlestar Galactica and Caprica : women as mediators of the sacred and profane
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Introduction to sociology
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Sexual and gender minorities at work
God, sex, and gender : an introduction
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Women, religion, and space in China : Islamic mosques & Daoist temples, Catholic convents & Chinese virgins
""My Gender Workbook may take a leap of faith to crack open, but the charm, wit, and quiet intelligence of its author will almost undoubtedly keep you along for the whole trip. And it is a trip, let me tell you." --The Toronto StarCultural theorists have written loads of smart but difficult-to-fathom texts on gender theory, but most fail to provide a hands-on, accessible guide for those trying to sort out their own sexual identities. In My Gender Workbook, transgender activist Kate Bornstein brings theory down to Earth and provides a practical approach to living with or without a gender.Bornstein starts from the premise that there are not just two genders performed in today's world, but countless genders lumped under the two-gender framework. Using a unique, deceptively simple and always entertaining workbook format, complete with quizzes, exercises, and puzzles, Bornstein gently but firmly guides readers toward discovering their own unique gender identity.Since its first publication in 1997, My Gender Workbook has been challenging, encouraging, questionning, and handholding those trying to figure out how to become a "real man," a "real woman," or "something else entirely." In this updated edition of her classic text, Bornstein re-examines gender in light of issues like race and class. With new quizzes, new puzzles, new exercises, and plenty of Kate's over-the-top style, My Gender Workbook, 2e promises to help a new generation create their own unique place on the gender spectrum".
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
Love, jealousy and gender in post-Soviet Havana
Social stratification : class, race, and gender in sociological perspective
Girls will be girls : dressing up, playing parts and daring to act differently
During the last 300 years circus clowns have emerged as powerful cultural icons. This is the first semiotic analysis of the range of make-up and costumes through which the clowns' performing identities have been established and go on developing. It also examines what Bouissac terms 'micronarratives' - narrative meanings that clowns generate through their acts, dialogues and gestures. Putting a repertory of clown performances under the semiotic microscope leads to the conclusion that the performances are all interconnected and come from what might be termed a 'mythical matrix'. These micronarratives replicate in context-sensitive forms a master narrative whose general theme refers to the emergence of cultures and constraints that they place upon instinctual behaviour. From this vantage point, each performance can be considered as a ritual which re-enacts the primitive violence inherent in all cultures and the temporary resolutions which must be negotiated as the outcome. Why do these acts of transgression and re-integration then trigger laughter and wonder? What kind of mirror does this put up to society? In a masterful semiotic analysis, Bouissac delves into decades of research to answer these questions.
Stereotypes and human rights law
Adult attachment styles : a person-oriented approach
Sexuality studies
Gender and power in Indonesian Islam : leaders, feminists, Sufis and pesantren selves
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Intersex bodies, not easily classifiable as male or female, challenge the binary sex system operative in Western societies. They have often been pathologized, problematized, or altered via surgical intervention to make them less exceptional. Such bodies have been figured as troubling: by doctors; by parents; by religious institutions; and by society at large. In this volume, scholars engage with intersex from a range of perspectives, including constructive and pastoral theologies, biblical studies, and sociology of religion. This volume suggests that intersex's capacity to 'trouble' might also be understood positively, challenging unquestioned norms and dubious assumptions in religion and beyond.
"Engagingly and clearly written by a highly respected theologian, God, Sex, and Gender is the first comprehensive introduction to a theology of both sexuality and gender available in a single volume. Makes a theological contribution to understanding the unprecedented changes in sexual and gender relationships of the last fifty years Discusses many topics including: sexual difference; sexual equality; gender and power; the nature of desire; the future of marriage in Christian sexual ethics; homosexuality and same-sex unions; the problems of sexual minorities; contraception in a time of HIV/AIDS; the separation of sexual experience from marriage; and offers new arguments for marriage and for chastity Offers a consistent and engaging introduction at the cutting edge of theological inquiry, which is contemporary, undogmatic, questioning, and relevant to readers' experience, interests, and needs Written lucidly and engagingly by an established and respected academic who has published widely in this area "--
Theory on gender/feminism on theory
Psychosocial processes of health behaviour change in a lifestyle intervention : influences of gender, socioeconomic status and personality
Gender epistemologies in Africa : gendering traditions, spaces, social institutions, and identies
Race, class, and gender in the United States : an integrated study
Making a difference in women's lives? : case study of women's empowerment programme in Rajasthan
Michel Foucault identified sexuality as one of the defining biopolitical technologies of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. As Jemima Repo argues in this book, "gender" has come to be the major sexual signifier of the mid-twentieth and early twenty-first century. In fact, in this historical excavation of the biopolitical significance of the term, she argues that it could not have emerged at any other time. Repo shows that gender is not originally a feminist term, but emerged from the study of intersex and transsexual persons in the fields of sexology and psychology in the1950s and 1960s. Prior to the 1950s gender was used to refer to various types of any number of phenomena - sometimes sex, but not necessarily. Its only regular usage was in linguistics, where it was used to classify nouns as masculine, feminine, or neuter. In the mid-twentieth century, gender shifted from being a nominator of types to designating the sexual order of things.As with sexuality in the Victorian period, over the last sixty years, the notion of gender has become an entire field of knowledge. Feminists famously took up the term in the 1970s to challenge biological determinism, and in government, "women" have been replaced by "gender" in policy-making processes that aim to advance equality between women and men. Gender has also become a key variable in social scientific surveys of different socio-political phenomena like voting, representation, employment, salaries, and parental leave decisions. The Biopolitcs of Gender analyzes the strategies and tactics of power involved in the use of "gender" in sexology and psychology, and subsequently its reversal and counter-deployment by feminists in the 1970s and 1980s. It critiques the emergence of gender in demographic science and the implications of this genealogy for feminist theory and politics today.Drawing on an a wide variety of historical and contemporary sources, the book makes a major theoretical argument about gender as a historically specific apparatus of biopower and calls into question the emancipatory potential of the category in feminist theory and politics.
Femininity at work : gender, labour, and changing relations of power in a Swedish hospital
Gender and everyday life
Contextualizing managerial work in local government organizations
Czech feminisms : perspectives on gender in East Central Europe
Social class, gender and occupational segregation
How do various social theories explain gender inequality? In this collection of original essays, prominent sociologists discuss the strengths and the limitations of the theoretical traditions within which they have worked: Marxism, world system theory, macrostructural theories, rational choice theory, neofunctionalism, psychoanalysis, ethnomethodology, expectation states theory, poststructuralist symbolic interactionism, and network theory.
Gender, religion and education in a chaotic postmodern world
Sex and Gender is a substantially revised edition of a classic text. Adopting a balanced approach to the often controversial study of sex differences, the authors introduce the reader to the fundamental questions relating to sex and gender in an accessible way. Drawing on the latest research, new developments are explored such as the rise of evolutionary psychology and the influence of Social Role Theory as well as new psychoanalytic and ethno-methodological approaches which have all contributed to a greater understanding of the complex nature of masculinity and femininity.
The gender of suicide : knowledge production, theory and suicidology
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Gender and judging
Gender and classroom interaction : a research review
Sex and gender
Female style vs. male style or something in between? : a case study on gendered communication on the Humans of New York Facebook page
Lost in desire : gender, sexuality, and madness among the Yine
She and he in Slovakia : gender and age in the period of transition
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
The fate of gender : nature, nurture, and the human future
"Mothers Under Fire: Mothering in Conflict Areas examines the experiences of women mothering in conflict areas. The aim of this collection is to engage with the nature and meaning of motherhood and mothering during times of war and/or in zones experiencing the threat of war. The essays in the collection reflect diverse disciplinary perspectives through which scholars and field practitioners reveal how conflict shapes mothering practices. One of the unique contributions of the collection is that it highlights not only the particular difficulties mothers face in various geographic locations where conflict has been prevalent, but also the ways in which mothers display agency to challenge and negotiate the circumstances that oppress them. The collection raises awareness of the needs of women and children in areas affected by military and/or political violence worldwide, and provides a basis for developing multiple policy frameworks aimed at improving existing systems of support in local contexts."-- Provided by publisher.
Gender, war and peace : breaking up the borderlines
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
Health and the elusive gender equality : can the impact of gender equality on health be measured?
A qualitative study of male and female perceptions in differences in the working and domestic sphere : a comparison of the French and Finnish cultures
The lost boys : masculine confusion and anxiety in Macbeth
This book reassesses theories of agency and gender identity against the backdrop of changing relations between men and women in contemporary societies. McNay argues that recent thought on the formation of the modern subject offers a one-sided or negative account of agency, which underplays the creative dimension present in the responses of individuals to changing social relations. An understanding of this creative element is central to a theory of autonomous agency, and also to an explanation of the ways in which women and men negotiate changes within gender relations. In exploring the implications of this idea of agency for a theory of gender identity, McNay brings together the work of leading feminist theorists - such as Judith Butler and Nancy Fraser - with the work of key continental social theorists. In particular, she examines the work of Pierre Bourdieu, Paul Ricoeur and Cornelius Castoriadis, each of whom has explored different aspects of the idea of the creativity of action. McNay argues that their thought has interesting implications for feminist ideas of gender, but these have been relatively neglected partly because of the huge influence of the work of Michel Foucault and Jacques Lacan in this area. She argues that, despite its suggestive nature, feminist theory must move away from the ideas of Foucault and Lacan if a more substantive account of agency is to be introduced into ideas of gender identity. This book will appeal to students and scholars in the areas of social theory, gender studies and feminist theory.
"This book brings together a team of leading theorists to address the question 'What is the right measure of justice?' Some contributors, following Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum, argue that we should focus on capabilities, or what people are able to do and to be. Others, following John Rawls, argue for focussing on social primary goods, the goods which society produces and which people can use. Still others see both views as incomplete and complementary to one another. Their essays evaluate the two approaches in the light of particular issues of social justice - education, health policy, disability, children, gender justice - and the volume concludes with an essay by Amartya Sen, who originated the capabilities approach"--Provided by publisher.
Re-framing the intersection between religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Intersex, theology, and the Bible : troubling bodies in church, text, and society
Tracing gender in political ageing strategies and the press in Finnish Lapland
Language, gender and power : the politics of representation and hegemony in South Asia
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Understanding unequal outcomes : studies on gender, social status and foreignness
American secularism : cultural contours of nonreligious belief systems
"What enables women to hold firm in their beliefs in the face of long years of hostile persecution by the Communist party/state? How do women withstand daily discrimination and prolonged hardship under a Communist regime which held rejection of religious beliefs and practices as a patriotic duty? Through the use of archival and ethnographic sources and of rich life testimonies, this book provides a rare glimpse into how women came to find solace and happiness in the flourishing, female-dominated traditions of local Islamic women's mosques, Daoist nunneries and Catholic convents in China. These women passionately – often against unimaginable odds – defended sites of prayer, education and congregation as their spiritual home and their promise of heaven, but also as their rightful claim to equal entitlements with men." --Provided by publisher.
On living through Soviet Russia
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Mothers under fire : mothering in conflict areas
Handbook of sociocultural anthropology
Fairy tale and film : old tales with a new spin
Post-socialist masculinity, identity, work, and social change : an analysis of discursive (re)constructions of gender identity in novel social situations
The fashioned body : fashion, dress and modern social theory
Trajectories of power in Shakesperian cross-dressed heroines
