http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25911 debt crises
debt crises
Greece's 'odious' debt : the looting of the Hellenic republic by the euro, the political elite and the investment community
Abstract.
Austerity : the history of a dangerous idea
The great financial crisis : causes and consequences
The new depression : the breakdown of the paper money economy
The international debt crisis in historical perspective
Studies in the theory of balance-of-payments crises
Greece's 'odious' dept : the looting of the Hellenic republic by the euro, the political elite and the investment community
Surviving large losses : financial crises, the middle class, and the development of capital markets
The European Union and the euro : how to deal with a currency built on dreams
The founders and finance : how Hamilton, Gallatin, and other immigrants forged a new economy
Greece in the euro : economic delinquency or system failure?
Europe Wide Web : public sphere in European online media
13th labour of Hercules : inside the Greek crisis
Predicts a worse crash if key economic changes cannot be made, arguing that American consumer habits are at the heart of today's problems and recommends that the nation declare bankruptcy and rebuild broken systems from scratch.
Bailout : an inside account of how Washington abandoned Main Street while rescuing Wall Street
Private sector involvement and international financial crises : an analytical perspective
"In a world of increasing austerity measures, democratic politics comes under pressure. With the need to consolidate budgets and to accommodate financial markets, the responsiveness of governments to voters declines. However, democracy depends on choice. Citizens must be able to influence the course of government through elections and if a change in government cannot translate into different policies, democracy is incapacitated. Many mature democracies are approaching this situation as they confront fiscal crisis. For almost three decades, OECD countries have - in fits and starts - run deficits and accumulated debt. As a result, an ever smaller part of government revenue is available today for discretionary spending and social investment and whichever party comes into office will find its hands tied by past decisions. The current financial and fiscal crisis has exacerbated the long-term shrinking government discretion; projects for political change have lost credibility. Many citizens are aware of this situation: they turn away from party politics and stay at home on Election Day. With contributions from leading scholars in the forefront of sociology, politics and economics, this timely book will be of great interest to students and scholars throughout the social sciences as well as general readers." -Publisher's website.
Financial markets and  institutions
Lost decades : the making of America's debt crisis and the long recovery
The fall of the Celtic tiger : Ireland and the euro debt crisis
Russian crisis and its effects
The bubble and beyond : fictitious capital, debt deflation and the global crisis
The impact of the European debt crisis to the pricing of EU Sovereigns’ CDS, bond and basis spreads
The politics of extreme austerity : Greece in the eurozone crisis
Debt and delusion : central bank follies that threaten economic disaster
The second economic adjustment programme for Greece ; first review December 2012
The great Eurozone disaster : from crisis to global new deal
Politics in the age of austerity
Political risk in credit evaluation : empirical studies and survey results
Private sector developments during the Euro crisis : a comparative study
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
Three assessments of Finland's economic crisis and economic policy
Understanding the world economy
Debt and operational performance of companies in an economic crisis : evidence from Estonia
This time is different : eight centuries of financial folly
The Euro crisis
Managing risks in the European periphery debt crisis : lessons from the trade-off between economics, politics and the financial markets
The European debt crisis in historical perspectives
In August 1998 the Russian Federation was forced to devalue the rouble and declare a moratorium on its debt servicing.Russia was badly hit by unfavourable external conditions, but the main reason for the crisis was the inability of the fiscal authorities to bring the budget deficit under control.When the rouble was devalued, the Russian Federation was unable to meet its domestic or external obligations.The holders of Russia's domestic debt were forced to accept unfavourable restructuring terms, and now also some holders of the old Soviet debt instruments have accepted a significant reduction in the value of their holdings.However, Russia has been willing and able to honour the debts incurred after the Soviet period.Russia's relations with its creditors and international financial institutions have been quite strained in the aftermath of the crisis, and it remains to be seen whether the recent restructuring deal with London Club creditors will mean Russia's re-entry into the international financial markets. .
The world economics and financial crisis
Bailout : an inside account of how Washington abandoned Main Street white rescuing Wall Street
Boomerang : travels in the new third world
Democratic politics in a European Union under stress
From debt crisis to debt relief : a study of debt determinants, aid composition and debt relief effectiveness
Traders, guns and money : knowns and unknowns in the dazzling world of derivatives
Greece, financialization and the EU : the political economy of debt and destruction
The bonds of debt : borrowing against the common good
"An exhaustive look at world markets and why the economy has been so unpredictable  Greece isn't the only country drowning in debt. The Debt Supercycle?when the easily managed, decades-long growth of debt results in a massive sovereign debt and credit crisis?is affecting developed countries around the world, including the United States. For these countries, there are only two options, and neither is good?restructure the debt or reduce it through austerity measures. The End Game details the Debt Supercycle and the sovereign debt crisis, and shows that, while there are no good choices, the worst choice would be to ignore the deleveraging resulting from the credit crisis.    Reveals why the world economy is in for an extended period of sluggish growth, high unemployment, and volatile markets punctuated by persistent recessions   Reviews global markets, trends in population, government policies, and currencies   Other titles by Mauldin: Bull's Eye Investing: Targeting Real Returns in a Smoke and Mirrors Market, also by Wiley   Around the world, countries are faced with difficult choices. The End Game provides a framework for making those choices."--
The volatility machine : emerging economies and the threat of  financial collapse
Too big to fail
The lost continent : the BBC's Europe editor on Europe's darkest hour since World War Two
The Russian public debt and financial meltdowns
External imbalances and public finances in the EU
Endgame : the end of the debt supercycle and how it changes everything
The impact of credit rating announcements on bond and CDS markets in Europe
Crucible of resistance : Greece, the eurozone and the world economy
A decade of debt
The last vote : the threats to Western democracy
Capitalist development and crisis theory : accumulation, regulation and spatial restructuring
The Aftermath of the Russian debt crisis
National intellectual capital and the financial crisis in Greece, Italy, Portugal, and Spain
Paper promises : debt, money, and the new world order
Value-at-risk model for government bonds : predicting European sovereign debt crisis
Africa's odious debts : how foreign loans and capital flight bled a continent
"When the first rumblings of the coming financial crisis were heard in August 2007, three men who were never elected to public office suddenly became the most powerful men in the world. They were the leaders of the world's three most important central banks: Ben Bernanke of the U.S. Federal Reserve, Mervyn King of the Bank of England, and Jean-Claude Trichet of the European Central Bank. Over the next five years, they and their fellow central bankers deployed trillions of dollars, pounds and euros to try and contain the waves of panic that threatened to bring down the global financial system. Neil Irwin's The Alchemists is both a gripping account of the most intense exercise in economic crisis management we've ever seen, and an insightful examination of the role and power of the central bank. It begins in Stockholm, Sweden, in the seventeenth century, where central banking had its rocky birth, and then progresses through a brisk but dazzling tutorial on how the central banker came to exert such vast influence over our world. It is the story of how these figures and institutions became what they are - the possessors of extraordinary power over our collective fate. What they chose to do with those powers is the heart of the story Irwin tells. Irwin covered the financial crisis for the Washington Post, enjoying privileged access to leading central bankers and the people close to them. His account, based on reporting that took place in 27 cities in 11 countries, is the holistic, truly global story of the central bankers' role in the world economy we have been missing. It is a landmark reckoning with central bankers and their power, with the great financial crisis of our time, and with the history of the relationship between capitalism and the state. Definitive, revelatory, and riveting, The Alchemists shows us where money comes from--and where it may well be going."--Publisher's description
Emerging from the euro debt crisis : making the single currency work
The real crash : America's coming bankruptcy : how to save yourself and your country
The Russian economy in crisis and transition
A fate worse than debt
The great rebalancing : trade, conflict, and the perilous road ahead for the world economy
Financial services, financial crisis and general European contract law : failure and challenges of contracting
Dynamic hedging with credit default swaps : empirical evidence from the European Monetary Union
Euro zone sovereign debt crisis : empirical study on the dynamics of credit default swaps and bond prices
Retrenchment or renewal? : welfare states in times of economic crisis
Resolving the European debt crisis
The poverty of nations : a guide to the debt crisis - from Argentina to Zaire
A fate worse than debt : [a radical new analysis of the Third World debt crisis]
International monetary and financial issues for the 1990s : research papers for the Group of Twenty-Four. Vol. 10
"Africa's Odious Debts explodes the myth that Africa is a drain on the West's finances, revealing that the continent is actually a net creditor to the rest of the world. Of the money borrowed by African governments, more than half departs in the same year, with a significant portion of it winding up in private accounts at the very banks that provide the loans. Meanwhile, debt-servicing means less money for public health and other needs. Revealing the intimate links between foreign loans and capital flight, this is a vital book for anyone interested in Africa, its future and its relationship with the West."--P. [4] of cover.
Debt : the first 5,000 years
Chronicles : on our troubled times
Sovereign debt structure for crisis prevention
The alchemists : inside the secret world of central bankers
War and gold : a five-hundred-year history of empires, adventures and debt
The EU and the Eurozone crisis : policy challenges and strategic choices
