http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25912 corpus-based research
corpus-based research
Corpus Linguistics seeks to provide a comprehensive sampling of real-life usage in a given language, and to use these empirical data to test language hypotheses. Modern corpus linguistics began fifty years ago, but the subject has seen explosive growth since the early 1990s. These days corpora are being used to advance virtually every aspect of language study, from computer processing techniques such as machine translation, to literary stylistics, social aspects of language use, and improved language-teaching methods. Because corpus linguistics has grown fast from small beginnings, newcomers to the field often find it hard to get their bearings. Important papers can be difficult to track down. This volume reprints forty-two articles on corpus linguistics by an international selection of authors, which comprehensively illustrate the directions in which the subject is developing. It includes articles that are already recognized as classics, and others which deserve to become so, supplemented with editorial introductions relating the individual contributions to the field as a whole. This collection of readings will be useful to students of corpus linguistics at both undergraduate and postgraduate level, as well as academics researching this fascinating area of linguistics.
Welsh English syntax : contact and variation
Early modern English medical texts : corpus description and studies
Sociolinguistics and corpus linguistics
The aim of this new volume on collocations is twofold : on the one hand, it gives an overview of the most recent research on collocations ; on the other hand, this research is presented from a multilinguistic perspective, which allows the reader to obtain a more universal picture of the phenomenon. The first boom on collocation research was around the 1990s when there was an explosion of publications dealing with the extraction and retrieval of collocations from data bases. Today collocations are still a theme of tropical interest. New unexplored areas of research with questions and tasks that did not exist earlier have risen to the surface and are waiting to be answered and tested. Languages other than English have come onto the stage and are starting to develop their own innovative projects. In addition to the introduction, the eight chapters included in this volume deal with collocations in different languages : four Romance languages (French, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish), two Germanic languages (English and German), one Slavic language (Russian) and one belonging to the Finno-Ugric family (Finnish). The main areas of research represented are phraseology, lexicography and language teaching, areas which often overlap. However, some computational approaches are presented as well. The concept of collocation, as shown in the general bibliography, is not unified. Approaches are diverse. Methodologically, the use of corpus-based and corpus-driven approaches is dominant, but a more qualitative methodology is also applied and carefully explained. The reader has the possibility to observe that languages, even if they show different phases of research on collocations, walk on similar paths.
Text and technology : in honour of John Sinclair
The BNC handbook : exploring the British national corpus with SARA
English deverbal adjectives : their identification and use in a corpus of modern written English
Corpus linguistics. Volume IV, Methods and applications
Corpus Linguistics for Translation and Contrastive Studies provides a clear and practical introduction to using corpora in these fields. Giving special attention to parallel corpora, which are collections of texts in two or more languages, and demonstrating the potential benefits for multilingual corpus linguistics research to both translators and researchers, this book: explores the different types of parallel corpora available, and shows how to use basic and advanced search procedures to analyse them; explains how to compile a parallel corpus, and discusses their uses for translation purposes and to research linguistic phenomena across languages; demonstrates the use of corpus extracts across a wide range of texts, including dictionaries, novels by authors including Jane Austen and Mikhail Bulgakov, and newspapers such as The Sunday Times; is illustrated with case studies from a range of languages including Finnish, Russian, English and French. Written by two experienced researchers and practitioners, Corpus Linguistics for Translation and Contrastive Studies is essential reading for postgraduate students and researchers working within the area of translation and contrastive studies.
A corpus-based study of the semantic use of taste in food and non-food connections
Rethinking idiomaticity : a usage-based approach
Noun complementation in English : a corpus-based study of structural types and patterns
This book is a first-stop introduction to corpus-based language research. It introduces the practical problems and benefits including the points to be reviewed before using computers, obtaining corpus material, the main analytical tools and the most important applications of computerised natural language processing.
PALC'99 : practical applications in language corpora: papers from the International Conference at the University of Łódz, 15-18 April 1999
Disciplinary identities : individuality and community in academic writing
The linguistics of political argument : the spin-doctor and the wolf-pack at the White House
Ex Philologia Lux : essays in honour of Leena Kahlas-Tarkka
The marketplace of ideas : a corpus study of buy and sell metaphors in American political discourse
Verbal -s in Devonshire - the Helsinki Dialect Corpus evidence
Translation and corpora : selected papers from the Göteborg-Oslo symposium 18-19 October 2003
Quantitative methods in corpus-based translation studies : a practical guide to descriptive translation research
Does size matter? : The Corpus of Early English Correspondence and its sampler
Reflections on the use of corpus information
Corpus linguistics : readings in a widening discipline
Corpus analysis : language structure and language use
Apples and oranges : a comparative analysis of blogs and marketing texts which share an audience
Word order in 17th century English : a study of the stabilisation of the XSV pattern
"In the last decade, the availability of corpora and the technological advancements of corpus analysis tools have increased dramatically. Applied linguistics and linguistics scholars have greater access to data from around the world and in a variety of languages through websites, blogs, and social networking sites, and there is a high level of interest among these scholars in applying corpora and corpus-based methods to other research areas, particularly sociolinguistics. This innovative guidebook presents a systematic, in-depth account of using corpora in sociolinguistic research. It introduces and expands the application of corpora and corpus approaches/tools in sociolinguistic research, surveys the growing number of studies in corpus-based sociolinguistics, and provides instructions and options in how to design and develop a corpus-based sociolinguistics study. Readers will find practical information on such contemporary topics as using the web as a corpus, megacorpora, and web registers. Vignettes, case studies, discussion questions, and activities throughout further enhance students' involvement of the material and provide opportunities for hands-on practice of the methods discussed. This complete and accessible guide to corpus-based sociolinguistics is a must-read for any student or scholar interested in exploring this popular and promising approach to sociolinguistic research"--
Genre features of patent applications
Miscommunications in the ELFA and MICASE corpora
Lexis in contrast : corpus-based approaches
The Greek interjections : studies on the syntax, semantics and pragmatics of the interjections in fifth-century drama
New methods in historical corpora
InterCorp: exploring a multilingual corpus
Variation in the progressive : a corpus-based study into world Englishes
Pattern grammar : a corpus-driven approach to the lexical grammar of English
"Honourable" or "highly-sexed" : adjectival descriptions of male and female characters in Victorian and contemporary children's fiction
Out of corpora : studies in honour of Stig Johansson
Corpus linguistics : method, theory and practice
Corpus linguistics is a relatively new subject in linguistics, whereby corpora of spoken or written texts are stored on computer and used as a major source for linguistic analysis. This volume discusses ways in which corpora can be used in language research and their range of current applications.
Readability in academic texts written by EFL university students
New approaches to hedging
"Corpus linguistics is the study of language data on a large scale - the computer-aided analysis of very extensive collections of transcribed utterances or written texts. This textbook outlines the basic methods of corpus linguistics, explains how the discipline of corpus linguistics developed, and surveys the major approaches to the use of corpus data. It uses a broad range of examples to show how corpus data has led to methodological and theoretical innovation in linguistics in general. Clear and detailed explanations lay out the key issues of method and theory in contemporary corpus linguistics. A structured and coherent narrative links the historical development of the field to current topics in 'mainstream' linguistics. Practical activities and questions for discussion at the end of each chapter encourage students to test their understanding of what they have read and an extensive glossary provides easy access to definitions of technical terms used in the text"--Provided by publisher.
This handbook introduces the field of corpus phonology: the employment of purpose-built phonologically annotated spoken language corpora for studying a wide range of phonological and phonetic phenomena. These include speakers' and listeners' acquisition and knowledge of the sound system of their native language and foreign languages as well as the laws underlying those systems. The field of corpus phonology combines methods and theoretical approaches from phonology, both diachronic and synchronic, phonetics, corpus linguistics, speech technology, information technology and computer science, mathematics, and statistics. The book is divided into four parts: the first deals with the design characteristics, creation, transcription, exploitation, and archiving of phonological corpora; the second presents current corpus-based research in phonetics, phonology, language variation, and language acquisition. In Part III, the most widely used tools for corpus compilation and exploitation are introduced, and Part IV contains descriptions of ten currently available phonological corpora in various languages.
Diffusion and change in early middle English : methodological and theoretical implications from the LAEME corpus of tagged texts
Using corpora for language research : studies in the honour of Geoffrey Leech
A metaphorical pattern analysis of anger, rage, fury, and wrath in the corpus of contemporary American English
Perspectives on semi-modals with Is to as a case in point
The cruel slauchtyr that vas cruelly exsecutit
LOVEscapes : changes in prototypical senses and cognitive metaphors since 1500
Comparing English worldwide : the international corpus of English
Extending the Corpus of Early English Correspondence to the 18th century
Learner English on computer
Discourse in the professions : perspectives from corpus linguistics
Investigating the history of a language depends on fragmentary sources, but electronic corpora offer the possibility of alleviating the problem of bad data. But they cannot overcome it totally, and questions arise of the optimal architecture for a corpus and its representativeness of actual language use, and how a historical corpus can best be annotated to maximize its usefulness. Immense strides have been made in recent years in addressing these questions, with exciting new methods and technological advances. The papers in this volume, which were presented at a conference on New Methods in Historical Corpora (Manchester 2011), exemplify the wide range of these recent developments.
An introduction to corpus linguistics
Parallel corpora, parallel worlds : selected papers from a symposium on parallel and comparable corpora at Uppsala University, Sweden, 22-23 April, 1999
Usage-Based Approaches to Language Acquisition and Processing: Cognitive and Corpus Investigations of Construction Grammar
Transliteration between spoken language corpora : moving between Danish BySoc and Swedish GSLC
Element order in Old English and Old High German translations
Frequency profiles, coverage and recycling of vocabularies in two upper secondary school textbooks : Corpus linguistic comparasions between The open road and ProFiles
Corpus presenter : software for language analysis with a manual and A Corpus of Irish English as sample data
Happiness and joy in corpus contexts : a cognitive semantic analysis
Corpus linguistics and linguistic theory : papers from the 20th International Conference on English Language Research on Computerized Corpora (ICAME 20) 1999
Coordinated verb pairs in texts
Corpus-based translation studies : research and applications
Linguistic variation in the Shakespeare corpus : morpho-syntactic variability of second person pronouns
Changes in the field of obligation and necessity in contemporary British English : a corpus-based sociolinguistic study of semi-modal NEED TO
Corpus linguistics. Volume III, Varieties
A corpus of formal British English speech : the Lancaster/IBM spoken English corpus
Universals in a universal language? : exploring verb-syntactic features in English as a lingua franca
Great promises and little guarantees : developing a computerised method for identifying and retrieving explicit illocutionary acts from a corpus of written prose
Warning: system overload : variation and change in English adjective comparison from hippie age to internet age
Collocations cross-linguistically : corpora, dictionaries and language teaching
New Zealand English grammar, fact or fiction : a corpus-based study in morphosyntactic variation
English computer corpora : selected papers and research guide
Grammar in interaction : adverbial clauses in American English conversations
Patterns of stance taking : negative yes/no interrogatives and tag questions in American English conversation
Corpus linguistics by the Lune : a festschrift for Geoffrey Leech
Multilingual corpora and multilingual corpus analysis
Recycling translations : extraction of lexical data from parallel corpora and their application in natural language processing
Early English corpora and the story of standardisation
Variation, change and new evidence in the study of the history of English
Linguistic variation in research articles : when discipline tells only part of the story
Corpus-based sociolinguistics : a guide for students
Hedging is an essential part of everyday communication. It is a discourse strategy which is used to reduce commitment to the force or truth of an utterance to achieve an appropriate pragmatic effect. This title provides an overview of research on the topic by bringing together studies from a variety of fields.
Corpus linguistics. Volume I, Lexical studies
Language and computers : a practical introduction to the computer analysis of language
On the adverbialization of RATHER : surfing for historical data
This book is the first comprehensive corpus study of element order in Old English and Old High German, which brings to light numerous differences between these two closely related languages. The study's innovative approach relies on translated texts, which allows to tackle the problem of the apparent incomparability of OE and OHG textual records and to identify the areas of OE and OHG syntax potentially influenced by the Latin source texts. This is especially important from the point of view of OE research, where Latin is rarely considered as a significant variable. The book's profile and content is of direct interest for historical linguists working on OE and/or OHG (and Old Germanic languages in general), but it can also greatly benefit several other groups of researchers: scholars applying corpus methods to the study of dead languages, historical linguists generally, linguists researching element order as well as specialists in translation studies.
Corpora and cross-linguistic research : theory, method, and case studies
"Self-discipline strategies were easy to design but difficult to adhere to" : a usage-based study of the tough construction in English
Korpusnye instrumenty v grammatičeskih issledovaniâh russkogo âzyka = Corpus Instruments for Russian Grammar Studies
The Routledge handbook of corpus linguistics
Corpus-informed research and learning in ESP : issues and applications
Recent advances in historical corpus linguistics
Expressions of future in present-day English : a corpus-based approach
Approaching language transfer through text classification : explorations in the detection-based approach
Emotional persuasion in American political speeches
Causal categories in discourse and cognition
Advances in discourse studies
Methods of approaching the study of discourse have developed rapidly in the last ten years, influenced by a growing interdisciplinary spirit among linguistics and anthropology, sociology, cognitive and cultural psychology and cultural studies, as well as among established sub-fields within linguistics itself. Among the more recent developments are an increasing 'critical' turn in discourse analysis, a growing interest in historical, ethnographic and corpus-based approaches to discourse, more concern with the social contexts in which discourse occurs, the social actions that it is used to take and the identities that are constructed through it, as well as a revaluation of what counts as 'discourse' to include multi-modal texts and interaction. Advances in Discourse Studies brings together contributions from leading scholars in the field, investigating the historical and theoretical relationships between new advances in discourse studies and pointing towards new directions for the future of the discipline. Featuring discussion questions, classroom projects and recommended readings at the end of each section, as well as case studies illustrating each approach discussed, this is an invaluable resource for students of interdisciplinary discourse analysis.
The progressive in 19th-century English : A process of integration
Up Cambridge : prepositional locative expressions in dialect speech : a corpus-based study of the Cambridgeshire dialect
Text, discourse, and corpora : theory and analysis
Corpus linguistics for translation and contrastive studies : a guide for research
Non-standard data sources in corpus-based research
Recent work has pointed to the need for a detection-based approach to transfer capable of discovering elusive crosslinguistic effects through the use of human judges and computer classifiers that can learn to predict learners' language backgrounds based on their patterns of language use. This book addresses that need. It details the nature of the detection-based approach, discusses how this approach fits into the overall scope of transfer research, and discusses the few previous studies that have laid the groundwork for this approach. The core of the book consists of five empirical studies that use computer classifiers to detect the native-language affiliations of texts written by foreign language learners of English. The results highlight combinations of language features that are the most reliable predictors of learners' language backgrounds.
University language : a corpus-based study of spoken and written registers
Reading concordances : an introduction
Translation universals : do they exist?
Genitive variation in Late Middle and Early Modern English : the interaction of linguistic and extralinguistic factors
Working with specialized language : a practical guide to using corpora
Insight into the Slovak and Czech corpus linguistics
Disciplinary Identities uses findings from corpus research to present fascinating insights into the relationship between author identity and disciplinarity in academic writing. Ken Hyland draws on a number of sources to explore how authors convey aspects of their identities within the constraints placed upon them by their disciplines' rhetorical conventions. He promotes corpus methods as important tools in identity research, demonstrating the effectiveness of keyword and collocation analysis in highlighting both the norms of a particular genre and an author's idiosyncratic choices.
Corpus-based translation studies : theory, findings, applications
Text types and corpora : studies in honour of Udo Fries
Exploring newspaper language : using the web to create and investigate a large corpus of modern Norwegian
Evaluation in preliminary examiners' statements
The Oxford handbook of corpus phonology
Patterns and meanings in discourse : theory and practice in corpus-assisted discourse studies (CADS)
This work provides an introduction to the field of corpus-based research into learner language. It provides the reader with an overview of the field, explaining its links with corpus and applied linguistics, second language acquisition and ELT.
The International Corpus of English is a unique linguistic and sociolinguistic project. When complete it will consist of fifteen or more parallel corpora of spoken and written English drawn from countries where English is either a majority first language or an official second language.
Comparable corpora in cross-language information retrieval
Keywords in heavy metal lyrics : a date-driven corpus study into the lyrics of five heavy metal subgenres
English in spoken Swedish : a corpus study of two discourse domains
Corpus linguistics. Volume II, Grammar
Some frequency based differences between spoken and written Danish
