http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25992 social realism
social realism
Stadi-boys, crime and child protection : five case studies from six decades.
Social constructionism
The social an the real : political art of the 1930's in the western hemisphere / edited by Alejandro Anreus, Diana L. Linden, and Jonathan Weinberg
Social realism in Tom Wolfe's The bonfire of the vanities
The structures of history
The politics of childhoods real and imagined. Volume 2, Practical application of critical realism and childhood studies
"Identity" is one of the most hotly debated topics in literary theory and cultural studies. This bold and groundbreaking collection of ten essays argues that identity is not just socially constructed but has real epistemic and political consequences for how people experience the world. Advocating a "postpositivist realist" approach to identity, the essays examine the ways in which theory, politics, and activism clash with or complement each other, providing an alternative to the widely influential postmodernist understandings of identity. Although theoretical in orientation, this dynamic collection deals with specific social groups - Chicanas/os, African Americans, gay men and lesbians, Asian Americans, and others - and concrete social issues directly related to race, ethnicity, sexuality, epistemology, and political resistance.
Victorian fiction and the insights of sympathy : an alternative to the hermeneutics of suspicion
Sociology and the environment : a critical introduction to society, nature, and knowledge
Documentary graphic novels and social realism
Hegemony : a realist analysis
Science without myth : on constructions, reality, and social knowledge
Social theory of international politics
Reclaiming identity : realist theory and the predicament of postmodernism
Marxism and realism : a materialistic application of realism in the social sciences
Now in its third edition, this successful book introduces students to the area of social science theory and research known as social constructionism. Using a variety of examples from everyday experience and from existing research in areas such as personality, sexuality and health, it clearly explains the basic theoretical assumptions of social constructionism. Key debates, such as the nature and status of knowledge, truth, reality and the self are given in-depth analysis in an accessible style. Drawing on a range of empirical studies, the book clearly defines the various different approaches to social constructionist research and explores the theoretical and practical issues involved. While the text is broadly sympathetic to social constructionism, it also adopts a critical perspective to the material, addressing its weaknesses and, in the final chapter, subjecting the theory itself to a more extensive critique. New to this edition: * Extended coverage of the relationship between 'mainstream' psychology and social constructionism and how the two fields can engage with each other. * An exploration of the rise and popularity of neuroscience and the challenge it poses to social constructionism. * New material on the field of psychosocial studies. * Updated coverage of existing key issues such as age and sexuality, and inclusion of more recently emerging issues (e.g. status and role of affect). * Updated discussion of key social constructionist contributors, with revised references. * Updated chapter on research methods, including more on narrative and critical narrative analysis, and personal construct methods. The third edition of Social Constructionism extends and updates the material covered in previous editions and will be an invaluable and informative resource for undergraduate and postgraduate students across the social and behavioural sciences.
British social realism : from documentary to Brit-grit
The red and the black
She will build him a city
An introduction to international relations theory : perspectives and themes
Realist social theory : the morphogenetic approach
Social constructionism, discourse and realism
Abstract: Stadi-boys, crime and child protection : five case studies from six decades.
Introduction to international relations : theories and approaches
