http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25969 scarcity
scarcity
This collection examines the relationships between a globalising neoliberal capitalism, a post-GFC environment of recession and austerity, and the moral economies of young people’s health and well-being. Contributors explore how in the second decade of the 21st century, many young people in the OECD/EU economies and in the developing economies of Asia, Africa and Central and South America continue to be carrying a particularly heavy burden for many of the downstream effects of the 2008-09 Global Financial Crisis. The authors explore the ways in which increasing local and global inequalities often have profound consequences for large populations of young people. These consequences are not just related to marginalisation from education, training and work. They also include obstacles to their active participation in the civic life of their communities, to their transitions, to their sense of belonging. The book examines the choices that are made, or not made by governments, businesses and individuals in relation to young people’s education, training, work, health and well-being, sexualities, diets and bodies, in the context of a crisis of neoliberalism and of austerity.
The frugal innovator : creating change on a shoestring budget
Memory of water
The full impact of austerity policies across Europe is still being assessed, but it is clear that their gendered impacts have been consistently severe, structural and manifold. They have also been, until now, under-researched and under-estimated. This book brings together the research of leading feminist economists in the area of gender and austerity economics to perform a rigorous gender-impact analysis both at national and pan-European levels. The chapters not only offer thorough evidence for the detrimental gender-impact of austerity policies across Europe, but they also provide readers with concrete suggestions of alternative policies that national governments and the European Union should adopt. With a combination of country case studies and cross-country empirical analysis, this book reveals the scope and channels through which women and men have been impacted by austerity policies in Europe, and goes on to offer readers the opportunity to assess the feasibility and implications of a feminist alternative to continued austerity. This book will be invaluable to social science students and researchers, as well to as policy-makers searching not just for a Plan B to continued austerity policies but for a Plan F - a feminist economic strategy to stimulate sustainable economic recovery.
The water knife
Digital information as a resource : potentials and threats
Water trading and global water scarcity : international experiences
Neoliberalism, austerity, and the moral economies of young people's health and well-being
Economics and austerity in Europe : gendered impacts and sustainable alternatives
The cultural politics of austerity : past and present in austere times
Sociology, environmentalism, globalization : reinventing the globe
The economics of attention : style and substance in the age of information
Prenatal treatment of severe fetomaternal alloimmune thrombocytopenia
Frugal innovation : how to do more with less
Removing bottleneck from a manufacturing unit : A case studies to BET-KER Oy, Ylivieska-84100, Finland
Frugal innovation is a way that companies can create high-quality products with limited resources. This book explains the principles, perspectives and techniques behind frugal innovation, enabling managers to profit from the great changes ahead.
Removing bottleneck from a manufacturing unit: A case studies to BETKER OY, Ylivieska- 84100, Finland
Scarcity : why having too little means so much
