http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25947 Naxalites
Naxalites
Hardly a week passes without people dying in strikes and counter-strikes by the Maoists interchangeably known as the Naxalites - and the police and paramilitary forces. In this brilliant and sobering examination of the 'Other India', Sudeep Chakravarti combines reportage, political analysis and individual case histories as he takes us to the heart of Maoist zones in the country - areas of extreme destitution, bad governance and perpetual war.
Red Sun : travels in naxalite country
More than Maoism : politics, policies, and insurgencies in South Asia
Ordinary people, extraordinary violence : Naxalites and Hindu extremists in India
Includes musical notation of 3 songs.
"This series of essays examines the dark side of democracy in contemporary India. The book also shows how the demands of globalized capitalism has subjugated billions of people around the world to the highest and most intense forms of racism and and exploitation"--
Thema book of Naxalite poetry
Capitalism : a ghost story
"From the poisoned rivers, barren wells, and clear-cut forests, to the hundreds of thousands of farmers who have committed suicide to escape punishing debt, to the hundreds of millions of people who live on less than two dollars a day, there are ghosts nearly everywhere you look in India. India is a nation of 1.2 billion, but the country's 100 richest people own assets equivalent to one-fourth of India's gross domestic product. Capitalism: A Ghost Story examines the dark side of democracy in contemporary India, and shows how the demands of globalized capitalism has subjugated billions of people to the highest and most intense forms of racism and exploitation. "--
The book engages with an urgent and disturbing question: how are ordinary people readied to willingly kill others in the name of a cause? It compares narratives of actors in domains often assumed incomparable in academic discourse: Naxalites studied within the framework of peasant rebellion, social movement or recently even terrorism, and Hindu rioters viewed mostly under the broad rubric of ethnic violence. The book draws from the author's extensive and painstaking fieldwork, first with Naxalite armed cadre across seven districts in Jharkhand and Bihar, and later with participants in the 2002 riots in Gujarat. Viewed from the standpoint of the perpetrator or foot soldier, the book bridges hitherto sacrosanct boundaries between left-extremist and communal violence, making available a whole new dimension to the study of social mobilisation, the politics of identity and, with far reaching implications, discovers deep commonalities in the life-worlds and aspirations of those motivated to kill in the name of a cause in apparently disparate contexts. The findings of this compelling analysis of human actors -- ordinary people driven to extraordinary violence -- will interest the informed general reader, as also those interested in sociology, politics, violence studies, ethnic movements, Naxalism, policy studies, and peace & conflict studies.
