http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2594 traffic accidents
traffic accidents
Mend the living
Confronting drunk driving : social policy for saving lives
Vehicle crash mechanics
Traffic accidents and driver characteristics : a statistical and psychological study
A study of neck injury arising from motor vehicle accidents and its clinical management
Vision zero in traffic safety work : rule following and injury in Finnish traffic : a study of fatal motor vehicle accidents in Finland between 1991 and 1998
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet vuonna. 1987 = Road traffic accidents in Finland. 1987
Bus fires in Finland during 2000 : shortened version
Joshua Jones' life is falling apart: he's lost his job, his wife has left him for another woman, and he's been kicked out of his flat. On the precipice of homelessness and defeat, he has a chance encounter with a beguiling stranger, Angela, triggering a series of surreal events that will blow his world wildly off course. Angela, an impulsive femme fatale, has also reached a low point. Seeking refuge from her troubles in the arms of a stranger, they share an intimate moment of tenderness in a cafe. But as she walks away from Josh, she steps quite deliberately into the path of an oncoming bus. As Angela lies in a coma, Josh - magnetically drawn to her and unable to shake the effects of their brief but powerful encounter - pretends that he is her boyfriend, inextricably binding their fates. But as his obsession grows, so does the danger of his situation. With his life continuing to unravel, he begins to question his own sanity until the shocking discovery of Angela's real identity finally reveals the chilling truth about himself. The Half Life of Joshua Jones is a striking blend of psychological drama and romantic fairy tale, full of dark humour, mystery and wonder that will grip you from first page to last.
Accident probabilities in selected areas of the Gulf of Finland
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet vuonna. 1973 = Road traffic accidents in Finland. 1973
Willow
The tension among the survivors of the bus accident reaches its threshold as the one-week deadline finally arrives. The three killers may have confessed, but does this mean that all their sins are accounted for? What truly constitutes a crime? Or to what extent is an action criminal? And when the gavel falls on their sentences, perhaps all might not be as it seems.
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
90 minutes in heaven : a true story of death and life
The Year of the Hare
1962, Anchor Bend, Oregon. The sea calls to Eleanor. Like the turn of the waves it beckons her from the heart of the town she's always known, from her husband Hob and their young daughter, Agnes, to the unfathomable depths of the ocean. 1985 Agnes's daughter Eleanor is six years old. She shares her name with the grandmother she never knew and everything else with her identical twin, Esmerelda. But to Agnes, only Eleanor is a constant reminder of the past. 1993 After a dark event leaves her family in tatters, Eleanor, now fourteen, is left caring for her alcoholic mother, whose grief has torn her apart. But when Eleanor's reality begins to unravel, she starts to lose her grip on time itself, slipping from the present into strange other lands where she's in danger of losing herself altogether. Eleanor is the story of choices that ripple through time far beyond the moment they're made. And what happens when, just sometimes, bonds are so powerful they reach beyond this world and into another.
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
The dog, Ray
The little white car : a novel
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
Everything to lose
The raising
The birthday present
The vow : the true events that inspired the movie
Splinter
Waking lions
Secret. 2
The great Gatsby
The half life of Joshua Jones
Motor vechile accident during the second or third trimester of pregnancy
Statistics of road traffic accidents in Europe
Walk two moons
Tieliikenneonnettomuudet = Road traffic accidents. 2004.
Knife music
Road accident investigation teams in Finland : research on accidents involving personal injuries 1979-1983
What constitutes a traffic accident? : The Finnish approach to some definition problems
The Finns on the Titanic
Wild people
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Life, death and vanilla slices
End game
Accident characteristics of older drivers : can findings based on fatal accidents be generalized?
Look at me
Aggregating case studies of vehicle crashes by means of causation charts : an evaluation and revision of the driving reliability and error analysis method
Cohort effects in older drivers' accident type distribution : are older drivers as old as they used to be?
Borrowed light
Traffic and transport psychology : theory and application
Internal and external costs of railway accidents
The year of the hare
If I stay
The longest ride
Early one blustery day near Le Havre, three teenagers head down to the sea together to go surfing. They are old friends: Chris, Johan and Simon. Exhausted after just one hour in the rough waves, they begin their drive back to town, but Chris, the driver, falls asleep at the wheel and the car skids off the road. Whilst Chris and Johan escape with a few broken bones, it soon becomes clear that Simon is beyond resuscitation, brain-dead in a deep coma. Apart from his brain however, Simon's organs are in perfect condition. His devastated parents face an agonising decision. If his life support is switched off straight away, his organs can still be used to save other lives, but by consenting, his parents will be choosing to end what remains of their son's life. They decide to go ahead: Simon's heart, lungs, liver and kidneys can be removed and used in organ transplants. And with that decision, their son's life ends and the implacable mechanisms of organ donation and transplantation click into gear. Simon's heart is removed and a match is found in Paris: Claire Mejan, who suffers from myocarditis and can only hope for survival if she receives a heart transplant. She has just a few hours notice before her transplant will take place. In the space of just twenty-four hours, Simon Limbres will have said goodbye to his girlfriend, gone surfing with his two best friends, lost his life in a horrific accident, had all his organs removed and shipped around France to waiting matches, and, as his doctor cleans and stitches his empty shell of a body, his heart will begin to beat again many miles away, inside Claire Mejan's body.
New York City passenger manifests of SS Titanic survivors rescued by the SS Carpathia
Lake country
The secret between us
Symposium on the Road Safety Education for Children and Youth : la Prévention routière internationale 2.-6.6.1986 Helsinki Finland
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet vuonna. 1982 = Road traffic accidents in Finland. 1982
Secret. 1
The House of Secrets
Please release me
Road safety performance : national peer review : Lithuania
The girl from the Chartreuse
Whiplash injuries in Finland : incidence, prognosis and predictive factors for the long-term outcome
Fatal accidents among car and truck drivers : effects of fatigue, age, and alcohol consumption
Liikenneonnettomuudet Helsingissä 1999 = Trafikolyckor i Helsingfors 1999 = Traffic accidents in Helsinki 1999
All the things we didn't say
The toll of the automobile : wildlife and roads in Sweden
Turn of mind
Hit and run
Baltic Sea Maritime Safety Programme
Compensation in older drivers as reflected in their fatal accidents
Accident risks of car drivers in wintertime traffic
Traffic injuries in South Sweden : with special reference to medico-legal autopsies of car occupants and value of safety belts
If she only knew
When a career-making case falls into their laps, detectives Selena Alvarez and Regan Pescoli must race against time to save the life of Jillian Rivers, who has been captured by an elusive serial killer who toys with his victims and then subjects them to a slow and agonizing death.
The trouble with Alice
Explaining the variation in road accident counts : a four country : generalized Poisson regression analysis
Tracks to disaster
Tieliikenneonnettomuudet. 2000 = Road traffic accidents. 2000
The best of times
Collisions with road structures and appurtenances
Road accidents of trailer combinations in Finland : a case study
Secret. 3, Final
Modelling self-reported aberrant driving behaviour
The prison of perspective
Travel writing
The long run : New York City firefighter's triumphant comeback from crash victim to elite athlete
Miracle for Jen : a tragic accident, a mother's desperate prayer, and heaven's extraordinary answer
The last letter from your lover
Aging and fatal accidents in male and female drivers
Driver licences as a measure of older drivers' exposure : a methodological note
