http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25955 fish resources
fish resources fishery resources
Report of the Consultation on the Management of Fishing Capacity, Shark Fisheries and Incidental Catch of Seabirds in Longline Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 26-30 October 1998.
Reinventing fisheries management
Report of the thirteenth session of the Committee for Inland Fisheries of Africa : Entebbe, Uganda, 27-30 October 2004 = Rapport de la treizième session du Comité des pêches continentales pour l'Afrique : Entebbe, Ouganda, 27-30 octobre 2004
Climate change and the economics of the world's fisheries : examples of small pelagic stocks
Case studies in fisheries self-governance
Use of fishery resources as feed inputs to aquaculture development : trends and policy implications
Global fishery resources of tuna and tuna-like species
Human-wildlife conflicts in Europe : fisheries and fish-eating vertebrates as a model case
Developing new approaches to global stock status assessment and fishery production potential of the seas
Marine fishery resources of the Pacific Islands
Report of the Ad hoc Meeting on Management of Deepwater Fisheries Resources of the Southern Indian Ocean : Swakopmund, Namibia, 30 May-1 June 2001.
Source book for the inland fishery resources of Africa. Vol. 2
Quantitative fisheries stock assessment : choice, dynamics and uncertainty
Report of the Third Workshop on the Assessment of Shrimp and Groundfish Fisheries on the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Belém, Brazil, 24 May-10 June 1999
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish of Northwest Africa : Nouadhibou, Mauritania, 24-31 March 2001 = Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des petits pélagiques au large de l'Afrique nord-occidentale : Nouadhibou, Mauritanie, 24-31 mars 2001.
Inland fisheries
Inland fisheries evolution and management : case studies from four continents
What happens if we overfish the oceans?
Sustainability in fisheries management
The workshop received presentations of the Frame Survey methods used in Zimbabwe and Zambia which included data analysis, fish taxonomy, socio-economics and fish diseases. A number of areas of concern regarding harmonization of methodology between the two countries were identified and the workshop made recommendations on improving the Frame Survey in Lake Kariba.--Publisher's description.
Survey of fish resources in the North-East Atlantic
Papers presented at the Norway-FAO Expert Consultation on Management of Shared Fish Stocks : Bergen, Norway, 7-10 October 2002.
Review of the state of world fishery resources : marine fisheries
Report of the Planning Workshop for the Joint Frame Survey for Lake Kariba : Siavonga, Zambia, 11-12 October 2007.
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Nouadhibou, Mauritania, 26 April-5 May 2005 = Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des petits pélagiques au large de l'Afrique nord-occidentale : Nouadhibou, Mauritania, 26 avril-5 mai 2005.
A fishery manager's guidebook : management measures and their application
Review of the state of world marine capture fisheries management : Indian Ocean
From drain to gain in capture fisheries rents : a synthesis study
Report of the expert consultation to draft a legally-binding instrument on port state measures : Washington D.C., United States of America, 4-8 September 2007.
Marine ecology and fisheries
Fisheries management costs : the case of Baltic salmon fishery
Social net benefits of cod farming in Sweden
Worldwide review of bottom fisheries in the high seas
Report of the FAO Workshop on Governance of Tenure for Responsible Capture Fisheries : Rome, Italy 4-6 July 2011.
Report of the Norway-FAO Expert Consultation on Management of Shared Fish Stocks : Bergen, Norway, 7-10 October 2002.
Valuing fisheries : an economic framework
Report of the Expert Consultation on Small-scale Fisheries Management in Sub-Saharan Africa : Accra, Ghana, 12-14 December 2001.
Sharing the fish '06 : allocation issues in fisheries management, 27 February - 2 March 2006, Frementle, Western Australia
Report of the Eleventh Session of the Commission and of the Eigth Session of the Committee for the Development and Management of Fisheries in the Lesser Antilles : St George's, Grenada, 21-24 October 2003 = Rapport de la Onzième session de la Commission et de la Huitième session du Comité du développement et de l'aménagement des pêches dans les Petites Antilles : Saint Georges, Grenade, 21-24 octobre 2003 = Informe de la Undécima reunión de la Comisión y de la Octava reunión del Comité para el desarrollo y la ordenación de la pesca en las Antillas Menores : St. George's, Granada, 21-24 de octubre de 2003
Report of the Prepatory Meeting for the Consultation on the Management of Fishing Capacity, Shark Fisheries and Incidental Catch of Seabirds in Longline Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 22-24 July 1998.
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Agadir, Morocco, 31 March-10 April 2003 = Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des petits pélagiques au large de l'Afrique nord-occidentale : Agadir, Maroc, 31 mars-10 avril 2003.
The Patagonian fishery resources and the offshore fisheries in the South-West Atlantic
Report of the Second Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean : Bridgetown, Barbados, 8-12 January 2001
Report of the Second Ad hoc Meeting on Management of Deepwater Fisheries Resources of the Southern Indian Ocean : Fremantle, Western Australia, 20-22 May 2002.
Fisheries resources of the sea and their management
Reports of the IOC/FAO/IOTC symposium and workshop to strengthen port State measures in the Indian Ocean : Port Louis, Mauritius, 18-22 June 2007.
Report of the fourth Meeting of the Planning Group for the Coordination of Acoustic Surveys off Northwest Africa : Dakar, Senegal, 27-29 October 2005 = Rapport de la quatrième réunion du Groupe de planification pour la coordination des campagnes acoustiques au large de l'Afrique du Nord-Ouest, Dakar Sénégal, 27-29 octobre 2005.
Fisheries oceanography and ecology
World review of highly migratory species and straddling stocks
Review of the fisheries resources of the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden
Source book for the inland fishery resources of Africa. Vol. 3
Report of the twenty-second session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Windermere, United Kingdom, 12-19 June 2002
Discards in the world's marine fisheries
Report of the Meeting of Fisheries Managers and Ministers of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Working Group on Shrimp and Groundfish Resources in the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, 26-29 March 2001
Inventory of artisanal fishery communities in the Western and Central Mediterranean
Report of the thirteenth session of the Joint EIFAC/ICES Working Group on Eels : Copenhagen, Denmark, 28-31 August 2001
Report of the third session of the South West Indian Ocean Fisheries Commission : Mahe, Seychelles, 17-20 December 2007 = Rapport de la troisième session de la Commission des Pêches pour le Sud-Ouest de L'Océan Indien : Mahé, Seychelles, 17-20 décembre 2007.
Climate and fisheries
Techno-economic performance of marine capture fisheries
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 6, Bony fishes part 4 (Labridae to Latimeriidae), estuarine crocodiles, sea turtles, sea snakes and marine mammals
Natural resource economics : an introduction
The Worldwide review of bottom fisheries in the high seas provides states and other interested parties with a summary of the current status of high seas bottom fisheries worldwide based on the best information available, including responses to an FAO questionnaire sent to high seas fishing states, the European Community and relevant regional fisheries management organizations. It contains reviews of bottom fisheries in the high seas in the following regions: the North East and North West Atlantic, the Mediterranean, the South East and South West Atlantic, the North and South Pacific, the Indian Ocean and the Southern Ocean. Fisheries are described in terms of fleets, catch and effort, and main species caught, with due consideration being given to the location of fishing activities. This document was prepared in response to the request by the FAO Committee on Fisheries (COFI) and related consideration of the issue of bottom fisheries on the high seas by the United Nations General Assembly in Resolution 61/105 on Sustainable Fisheries adopted in December 2006. It also aims at assisting in the implementation of the FAO International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-sea Fisheries in the High Seas by providing background information and highlighting gaps in the available data. According to the findings of this review, 285 vessels were active in the high seas bottom fisheries worldwide in 2006. The total catch of this fleet has been estimated to about 250 000 tonnes valued at EUR 450 million (landed value). For various reasons discussed in the report, these are to be considered minimal estimates.
A checklist for fisheries resource management issues seen from the perspective of the FAO Code of Conduct for Responsible Fisheries
Report of the twenty-eight session of the Committee on fisheries : Rome, 2-6 March 2009.
Guidelines for acoustic surveys in the northwest African region = Directives pour les campagnes acoustiques dans la région de l'Afrique du Nord-Ouest
Review of the state of world aquaculture
Report of the Symposium on Water for Sustainable Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture : Praia do Carvoeiro, Portugal, 23 June - 1 July 1998
International agreements of the multispecies Baltic Sea fisheries : a partition function game approach
Advances in fisheries economics : Festschrift in honour of professor Gordon M. Munro
Report of the Expert Consultation on Catalysing the Transition away from Overcapacity in Marine Capture Fisheries : Rome, 15-18 October 2002.
Overcoming factors of unsustainability and overexploitation in fisheries: selected papers on issues and approaches : International Workshop on the Implementation of International Fisheries Instruments and Factors of Unsustainability and Overexploitation in Fisheries, Siem Reap, Cambodia, 13-16 September 2004.
International guidelines on bycatch management and reduction of discards : = Directives internationales sur la gestion des prises accessoires et la réduction des rejets en mer = Directrices internacionales para la ordenación de las capturas incidentales y la reducción de los descartes
The state of world highly migratory, straddling and other high seas fishery resources and associated species
Marine fisheries ecosystem : its quantitative evaluation and management
Report of the Global Conference on Aquaculture 2010 : farming the waters for people and food : Phuket, Thailand, 20-25 September 2010.
Review of the state of world marine fishery resurces
Stock assessment for fishery management : a framework guide to the stock assessment tools of the Fisheries Management and Science Programme
Report of the twenty-fourth session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Mondsee, Austria, 14 - 21 June 2006.
Input-efficiency of fishing cod in the Baltic Sea : comparing major EU trawler fleets
Guidelines on the collection of demographic and socio-economic information on fishing communities for use in coastal and aquatic resources management
Fisheries management. 2, The ecosystem approach to fisheries
Report of the Expert Consultation on Economic Incentives and Responsible Fisheries : Rome, 28 November-1 December 2000.
The Dr. Fridtjof Nansen Programme 1975-1993 : investigations of fishery resources in developing regions : history of the programme and review of results
Climate change implications for fisheries and aquaculture : overview of current scientific knowledge
Fish stock assessment manual
Virtual population analysis : a practical manual for stock assessment
The third session of the South West Indian Ocean Commission was attended by delegates from France, Kenya, Madagascar, Maldives, Mauritius, Mozambique, Seychelles, Somalia, South Africa, the United Republic of Tanzania and Yemen. Representatives of the Indian Ocean Tuna Commission (IOTC), the Indian Ocean Commission Monitoring Control and Surveillance Project (IOC-MCS), the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (Sida), the South West Indian Ocean Fisheries Project (SWIOFP), the Regional Programme for the Sustainable Management of the Coastal Zones of the Indian Ocean (ReCoMap) and the World Bank also attended the session as observers. The Commission noted the work undertaken since the second session, considered the report of the Scientific Committee, and agreed that the second Working Party on Fisheries Data and Statistics should address the harmonization of fishery frame surveys. It agreed to: establish an ad hoc Steering Committee for the South West Indian Ocean Fisheries Project (SWIOFP); hold a regional conference on "Sustainable fisheries development and its contribution to the Millennium Development Goals" hosted by Seychelles; endorse Mozambique to lead in setting up an informal network of heads of monitoring, control and surveillance (MCS); and give in-principle endorsement to a safety at sea project proposal for small-scale fishers. The Commission elected a Bureau composed of Madagascar, Maldives and Seychelles to steer the Commission during the intersessional periods and at the fourth session which will take place in Madagascar in 2008.
Sustainability-related concepts and practices in Finnish lake fisheries
Regional reviews and national management reports Fourth Workshop on the Assessment and Management of Shrimp and Groundfish Fisheries on the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Cumaná, Venezuela, 2-13 October 2000
A guide to the background and implementation of the 2009 FAO Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing
Source book for the inland fishery resources of Africa. Vol. 1
Fisheries ecology
Report of the First Regional Conference on the Sustainability of Fisheries Resources in the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Paramaribo, Suriname, 5-7 March 2002.
Report of the Expert Consultation to Review Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing : Rome, 4-6 November 2002.
The fish resources of the ocean
Scientific papers presented at the Polish-Swedish Symposium on Selectivity Research in the Baltic Sea Area, Gdynia, Poland, March 23-25, 1999
Management techniques for elasmobranch fisheries
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Saly, Senegal, 17-27 March 2004 = Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des petits pélagiques au large de l'Afrique nord-occidentale : Saly, Sénégal, 17-27 mars 2004.
Marine protected areas : country case studies on policy, governance and institutional issues
Sustainable fishery systems
Report of the twenty-third session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Wierzba, Poland, 26 May-2 June 2004.
Report and documentation of the Expert Consultation on Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : Bangkok, Thailand, 21-23 November 2006.
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Banjul, Republic of the Gambia, 5-12 April 2002 = Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des petits pélagiques au large de l'Afrique nord-occidentale : Banjul, République de Gambie, 5-12 avril 2002.
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 5, Bony fishes part 3 (Menidae to Pomacentridae)
International guidelines for the management of deep-sea fisheries in the high seas = Directives internationales sur la gestion de la pêche profonde en haute mer = Directrices internacionales para la ordenación de las pesquerías de aquas profundas en alta mar
Report of the Second Technical Consultation on the Suitability of the CITES Criteria for Listing Commercially-exploited Aquatic Species : Windhoek, Namibia, 22-25 October 2001 = Rapport de la Deuxième consultation technique sur la pertinence des critères d'établissement de la liste des espèces aquatiques faisant l'objet d'une exploitation commerciale au titre de la CITES : Windhoek, Namibie, 22-25 octobre 2001 = Informe de la Segunda consulta técnica sobre la idoneidad de los criterios de la CITES para la lista de especies acuáticas explotadas comercialmente : Windhoek, Namibia, 22-25 de octubre de 2001.
Deep Sea 2003 : conference on the governance and management of deep-sea fisheries. Part 1, Conference reports
Sampling methods applied to fisheries science : a manual
Atlas of the living resources of the seas
Report of the Fourth Meeting of Regional Fishery Bodies : Rome, 14-15 March 2005.
Report of the first session of the Scientific Committee, Dar es-Salaam, United Republic of Tanzania, 31 May-3 June 2006 = : Rapport de la première session du Comité scientifique, Dar es-Salaam, République-Unie de Tanzanie, 31 mars-3 juin 2006.
Review of the state of world fishery resources
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland capture fisheries = Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture continentales = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura continental
Report of the Lake Victoria Fisheries Organization and FAO National Stakeholders' Workshops on Fishing Effort and Capacity on Lake Victoria, (2006) : Mwanza, United Republic of Tanzania, 9 - 10 October 2006; Kisumu, Republic of Kenya, 12 - 13 October 2006; Mukono, Republic of Uganda, 17 - 18 October 2006.
Management of shared fish stocks
Report of the Expert Consultation on Fishing Vessels Operating under Open Registries and their Impact on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing : Miami, Florida, United States of America, 23-25 September 2003.
Report of the Workshop on the Small Pelagic Resources of Angola, Congo and Gabon : Luanda, Angola, 3-7 November 1997
Report of the FAO expert workshop on climate change implications for fisheries and aquaculture : Rome, 7-9 April 2008.
Resource and environmental issues relevant to mediterranean fisheries management
Report of the second session of the Scientific committee : Quatre Bornes, Mauritius, 3-7 August 2007 = Rapport de la deuxième session de Comité scientifique : Quatre Bornes, Maurice, 3-7 août 2007.
Report of the first special session of the European Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture Advisory Commission : Rome, 27 October 2011.
Report of the twentieth Session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Praia do Carvoeiro, Portugal, 23 June - 1 July 1998.
Optimal harvesting of large and small-scale fisheries : an application to Norwegian fisheries of Arcto-Norwegian cod
Management of tuna fishing capacity : conservation and socio-economics : second meeting of the Technical Advisory Comittee of the FAO project : 15-18 March 2004, Madrid, Spain
Report of the Workshop on the Management of Shared Small Pelagic Fishery Resources in Northwest Africa : Banjul, Republic of the Gambia, 30 April-3 May 2002 = Rapport de l'Atelier sur l'aménagement des ressources partagées de petits pélagiques en Afrique du Nord-ouest : Banjul, République de Gambie, 30 avril-3 mai 2002.
Review of the state of the world fishery resources : inland fisheries
Report of the eighteenth session of the Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic, Douala, Cameroon, 3-5 October 2006 = Rapport de la dix-huitième session du Comité des pêches pour l 'Atlantique Centre-Est, Douala, Cameroun, 3-5 octobre 2006.
Report of the fourth session of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture : Puerto Varas, Chile, 6-10 October 2008 = Rapport de la quartrième session du Sous-Comité de l'Aquaculture : Puerto Varas, Chili, 6-10 octobre 2008 = Informe de la cuarta reunión del Subcomité de Acuicultura : Puerto Varas, Chile, 6-10 de oktubre de 2008
Cyclic climate changes and fish productivity
Report of the FAO/Cites Workshop to Review the Application and Effectiveness if International Regulatory Measures for the Conservation and Sustainable use of Elasmobranchs : Genazzano (Rome), Italy, 19-23 July 2010.
Models for an ecosystem approach to fisheries
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 64, Humboldt Current
International cooperation with the Nansen Programme : report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Banjul, Gambia, 2-11 May 2006 = Coopération internationale avec le Programme Nansen : Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des Petits Pélagiques au large de l'Afrique Nord-occidentale : Banjul, Gambie, 2-11 mai 2006.
Strengthening organizations and collective action in fisheries : a way forward in implementing the international guidelines for securing sustainable small-scale fisheries : FAO Workshop 18-20 March 2013, Rome, Italy
Silent seas : the fish race to the bottom
The fishery resources of Pacific island countries. Part 2, Holothurians
The economics of ocean ranching : experiences, outlook and theory
Implementing improved tenure governance in fisheries : a technical guide to support the implementation of the voluntary guidelines on the responsible governance of tenure of land, fisheries and forests in the context of national food security
Papers presented at the Expert Consultation on Sustainable Fishing Technologies and Practices : St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada, 1-6 March 1998
Quantitative fisheries stock assessment : Choice, dynamics and uncertainty
Marine resource economics
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Report of the Workshop on Deep-Sea Species Identification : Rome, Italy 2-4 December 2009.
Report of the Pilot Workshop on the Application of Biotelemetry to Fish Studies for the Management of Inland Fisheries in West Africa : Sélingué, Mali, 29 January - 10 February 2001.
Workshop on Status and Trends in Aquatic Genetic Resources : a basis for international policy : 8-10 May 2006, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
