http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2592 fishermen
fishermen
Between pulpit and pew : folk religion in a North Yorkshire fishing village
Human-wildlife conflicts in Europe : fisheries and fish-eating vertebrates as a model case
Seawomen of Iceland : survival on the edge
Participation in artisanal fisheries management for improved livelihoods in West Africa : a synthesis of interviews and cases from Mauritania, Senegal, Guinea and Ghana
People of the sea of Cascais : fisheries
An enforcement-coalition model : fishermen and authorities forming coalitions
The sound of waves
Despite their rowdy hookups, Harlow and Finn don't even like each other...which would explain why their marriage lasted only twelve hours. He needs to be in charge and takes whatever he wants. She lives by the Want-something-done? Do-it-yourself mantra. Maybe she's too similar to the rugged fisherman-or just what he needs.
The winter sea
Individual transferable quotas in the Baltic Sea herring fishery : a sociobioeconomic analysis
Structural change in fisheries : dealing with the human dimension
A Journey to Svalbard : Polar Territory
Ondine
The story of Jeju haenyeo clothing
Dayu shajia = The fisherman's revenge
The old man and the sea
"In 1966 Vincent S. R. Brandt lived in Sokp'o, a poor and isolated South Korean fishing village on the coast of the Yellow Sea, carrying out social anthropological research. At that time, the only way to reach Sokp'o, other than by boat, was a two hour walk along foot paths. This memoir of his experiences in a village with no electricity, running water, or telephone shows Brandt's attempts to adapt to a traditional, preindustrial existence in a small, almost completely self-sufficient community. This vivid account of his growing admiration for an ancient way of life that was doomed, and that most of the villagers themselves despised, illuminates a social world that has almost completely disappeared. Vincent S. R. Brandt lives in rural Vermont"--
Fisheries and aquaculture emergency response guidance
Old Thomas and the little fairy
Document for guidance on training and certification of fishing vessel personnel
Living from the sea : memories of shoreside life in the days when fishermen's nets were often full, but their pockets usually empty
The fisheries co-management experience : accomplishments, challenges, and prospects
Kalatalous aikasarjoina = Finnish fishery time series
The waves
What did the weather forecast do to fishermen, and what did fishermen do to the weather forecasting?
Death on a Galician shore
The pearl
The mortal sea : fishing the Atlantic in the Age of Sail
An occupational dialect : the vocabulary of the fishing industry of Hastings
The compleat angler, or, The contemplative man's recreation : being a doscourse of rivers, ponds, fish and fishing not unworthy the perusal of most anglers
The magic fish
Management of fisheries on Lake Tanganyika : challenges for research and the community
Seafarer & community : towards a social understanding of seafaring
This technical paper presents the findings of a study on inland fisheries livelihoods in Central Asia. It discusses current policies and potential livelihood-enhancing policy interventions. The study was conducted in 2008 under a partnership between Portsmouth University, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO). The paper examines the evolution of the Central Asian fisheries sector, showing how it was one of - if not the most - acutely affected sectors by the deterioration in the economic environment after the collapse of the former Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics in 1991. Examples are given of livelihood or coping strategies that have evolved for those persons who currently derive an income from the sector. Three distinct groupings are highlighted in the examples presented: the Kazakh "fisher brigades" based on the North Aral Sea, the "community" fishers of Kyrgyz Republic and the pond culturalists of the Republic of Tajikistan. The livelihood strategies of each group and the particular constraints each group faces are documented. A concluding chapter identifies the prerequisites for more effective livelihood-supporting policy interventions within the fisheries sphere across the Central Asian republics.
The girl of the sea of Cortez
Culture of Jeju Haenyeo (women divers)
Valuation of management policies for sport-fishing on Sweden's Kaitum river
A pollen record of the presence of hunter-fisher communities in the vicinity of Lake Retsamo, Finnish Lapland
Fisheries management. 2, The ecosystem approach to fisheries. 2.1, Best practices in ecosystem modelling for informing an ecosystem approach to fisheries
The brides of Rollrock Island
The indigenous fisherman divers of Thailand. determining the hazards associated with indigenous diving practices and developing interventions to reduce the risk of diving-related injury and disease
The moon at midnight
Salmon fishers of the Columbia
Guidelines on the collection of demographic and socio-economic information on fishing communities for use in coastal and aquatic resources management
The Son Kolis of Bombay
Living the fishing
Climate change implications for fisheries and aquaculture : overview of current scientific knowledge
Fishery, trade and piracy : fishermen and fishermen's settlements in and around the North Sea area in the Middle Ages and later : papers from the colloquium at Oostende-Raversijde, Provincial Museum Walraversijde, Belgium, 21-23 November 2003 = Visserij, handel en piraterij : vissers en vissersnederzettingen in en rond de Noordzee in de Middeleeuwen en later : bijdragen van het colloquium in Oostende-Raversijde, Provincial Museum Walraversijde, België, 21-23 November 2003
Strategies and flexibility in Finnish commercial fisheries
The storm whale in winter
Viimeiset lohitalonpojat = The last salmon fishing farmers
A review of research of market outlets for Nordic fishermen
Fish : still lifes by Dutch and Flemish masters 1550-1700
Inland fisheries : ecology and management
The compleat angler, or, The contlemplative man's recreation : being a discourse of rivers, ponds, fish and fishing not unworthy the perusal of most anglers
Code of safety for fishermen and fishing vessels 2005.. Part B, Safety and health requirements for the construction and equipment of fishing vessels
Inland fisheries livelihoods in Central Asia : policy interventions and opportunities
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
Early in the North : utilization of animal resources in Northern Finland during prehistory
The unseen
Village of stone
Zamost'e 2 : ozernoe poselenie drevnih rybolovov èpohi mezolita - neolita v bassejne Verhnej Volgi = Lake settlement of the mesolithic and neolithic fisherman in upper Volga region
STCW-F 95 : International convention on standards of training, certification and watchkeeping for fishing vessel personnel, 1995, including the final act of the international conference on standards of training, certification and watchkeeping for fishing vessel personnel, 1995, and resolutions adopted by the conference
Sikkerhetsopplæring for fiskere i Norden = Safety and survival training for Nordic fishermen
On 17th November, 2012, Salvador Alvarenga left the coast of Mexico for a two-day fishing trip. A vicious storm killed his engine and the current dragged his boat out to sea. The storm picked up and carried him West, deeper into the heart of the Pacific Ocean. Alvarenga would not touch solid ground again for 14 months. When he was washed ashore on January 30th, 2014, he had drifted over 9,000 miles. Three dozen cruise ships and container vessels passed nearby. Not one stopped for the stranded fisherman. He considered suicide on multiple occasions - including offering himself up to a pack of circling sharks. But Alvarenga developed a method of survival that kept his body and mind intact long enough for the Pacific Ocean to spit him up onto a remote palm-studded island. Crawling ashore, he was saved by a local couple living in their own private castaway paradise. Based on dozens of hours of interviews with Alvarenga and his colleagues, search and rescue officials, the medical team that saved his life and the remote islanders who nursed him back to normality, this is an epic tale of survival and one man's incredible story of beating the ultimate odds.
Credit and microfinance needs in inland capture fisheries development and conservation in Asia
"The salmon lords" take over Deatnu/Tana river : english angling 1850-1900
438 Days : an extraordinary true story of survival at sea
Dirty Rowdy Thing
Ships and shipyards, sailors and fishermen : introduction to maritime ethnology
Kitkan viisas : kirkkaiden vesien kalaa Koillismaalta = Fish from the clear waters of Northeast Finland = Ryba iz čistyh vod cevero-vostočnoj Finlândii
Pre-bureaucratic Europeans : a study of a Portuguese fishing community
Iyǒ island
Global coasts : life changes, gender challenges
Studies on the role of fishermen's organizations in fisheries management
Professional fishing : private enterprise on nature's conditions
The many
European fisheries at a tipping point = La pesca europea ante un cambio irreversible
The anthropology of Protestantism : faith and crisis among Scottish fishermen
Haikonen : ettomiehen maailmat = Life circles of a reindeer herder, fisherman and hunter = Meccialmaa eellimpirrâseh
Laoren yu hai = The old man and the sea
An affair with Korea : memories of South Korea in the 1960s
Understanding cultures of fishing communitites : a key to fisheries management and food security
Code of safety for fishermen and fishing vessels 2005.. Part A, Safety and health practice
The sea of troubles
The Pearl
A century of Danish Fishing
Gender, culture and northern fisheries
Pira piyaw-u zarya = [The old man and the sea]
Hunters, seamen, and entrepreneurs : the tuna seinermen of San Diego
"Set in the Gulf Stream off the coast of Havana, Hemingway's magnificent fable is the story of an old man, a young boy and a giant fish. In a perfectly crafted story, which won for Hemingway the Nobel Prize for Literature, is a unique and timeless vision of the beauty and grief of man's challenge to the elements in which he lives." -- (Back Cover)
