http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25972 grey
grey
Anonymous money, moral sentiments and welfare
The bear
Trophic niche of arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus) coexisting with lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush) and european whitefish (Coregonus lavaretus) in two divergent subarctic lakes
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
"How are "grey market" imports changing media industries? What is the role of piracy in developing new markets for movies and TV shows? How do jailbroken iPhones drive innovation? The Informal Media Economy provides a vivid, original, and genuinely transnational account of contemporary media, by showing how the interactions between formal and informal media systems are a feature of all nations - rich and poor, large and small. Shifting the focus away from the formal businesses and public enterprises that have long occupied media researchers, this book charts a parallel world of cultural intermediaries driving global media production and circulation. It shows how unlicensed, untaxed, or unregulated networks, which operate across the boundaries of established media markets, have been a driving force of media industry transformation. The book opens up new insights on a range of topical issues in media studies, from the creative disruptions of digitisation to amateur production, piracy and cybercrime"--
Black economic empowerment policy in South Africa and its impact on Finnish companies
Approaches to economic geography : towards a geographical political economy
Reverse value added taxation was implemented in Finland on 1 April 2011 in order to minimize the impact of the black economy on the taxation in the construction industry and at the same time to improve the honest competitor's position. The purpose of this research was to investigate the effects of reverse value added taxation in the small individual enterprise operating in the construction industry.    The study showed that the VAT Act amendment did not have major effects on the operations of Teräsrunko Oy. The majority of the invoices sent to the com-pany are still charged by the old practice because the designers, suppliers, workshops, paintshops, transport companies and building rental agencies charge Teräsrunko Oy with VAT 23%. Teräsrunko Oy uses the rate of 0% VAT in invoicing if the sold service belongs to the sphere of reverse value added taxation. Key words: VAT, black economy,  construction industry, reverse value added taxation
Dirty secrets : how tax havens destroy the economy
Summary (s. 11-15).
When is the best ship a leaky one? : segmentation, competition and gray markets
Essays on institutions and other deep determinants of economic development
Bribery and blat in Russia : negotiating reciprocity from the middle ages to the 1990s
"The projects of Remy Meijers radiate a soothing calm, they shine in simplicity and look like they have always been there. That is not self-evident in itself, but lies in his method. The Rotterdam-born Meijers is not just a designer. He works from a comprehensive vision whereby each element to be addressed. He will not rest until all icing on the cake stand. His interiors are balanced, the sober off, a quality of life is paramount in all cases. This book is a selection of his finest projects, a villa in the dunes, a mansion on the water and an apartment on the IJ in Amsterdam a beautifully renovated bungalow Rietveld. Agreement between the various projects it is clear which character form and function are closely aligned. Or to the interior architect himself speak: 'I come from rest to rest.'"--Publisher's website.
Shadow economies and irregular work in urban Europe : 16th to early 20th centuries
Grey alder (Aldus incana) as a raw material for mechanical wood processing in Finland
Economic sociology : a systematic inquiry
We studied biomass production of two naturally originated grey alder (Alnus incana (L.) Moench) stands having a mixture of birch and willow located in central Finland. One of the stands was growing on a peatland site (Muhos) and the other on a mineral soil site (Juuka). The stands were clear-cut and fertilization experiments were laid out with several treatments. At Muhos, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation with different amounts of wood ash and an unfertilized control. At Juuka, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation either with ash or with PK, and ash and PK treatments alone and an unfertilized control. The sprouts at Muhos were grown for 17 years and at Juuka for 20 years. At Juuka the stand was clear-cut second time at the age of 20 years and grown for 8 years. The stands were measured several times and foliar samples were taken twice during the study period. Clear-cutting increased stem number manifold. The stand density of new coppiced forests after the clear-cutting decreased from 67000-89000 stems ha-1 at the age of 3-6 years to 10000-12000 stems ha-1 at the age of 17-20 years. On neither site fertilization affected biomass production of alders during the study period. Leafless above-ground biomass was 52-57 Mg ha-1 after 17-20 years. Mean annual leafless above-ground biomass production (MAI) increased with increase of rotation time. At the age of 17-20 years the MAI was 2.8-3.0 Mg ha a-1. At Muhos, ash increased foliar P and Ca concentrations, but decreased those of Mn.
European electricity projects 2002-2006
Brown bears
Essays on illegal activities, institutions and economic growth
Improving tax governance in EU member states : criteria for successful policies
Out of the shadows : political action and the informal economy in Latin America
Grey alder (Alnus incana) as a raw material for mechanical wood processing in Finland
'Winter-tyres-for-a-flower-bed' : shuttle trade on the Finnish-Russian border
Black cash tax evasion in Russia : its forms, incentives and consequences at firm level
Entrepreneurship and the shadow economy
Brown Bears
Biomass and nitrogen dynamics of intensively grown grey alder plantations on peatland
Dirty cities : towards a political economy of the underground in global cities
Informal economy : dynamics of moonlighting
Shadow economies of cinema : mapping informal film distribution
Contested space : street trading, public space, and livelihoods in developing cities
Seasonal nutrient variation in the foliage of Alnus incana (L.) Moench and associated trees
The luminous and the grey
Offshore : the dark side of the global economy
Island of shadows
Shadows of war : violence, power, and international profiteering in the twenty-first century
Breeding and movements of the Herring Gull Larus argentatus in the northern Baltic : strategies for reproduction and survival of a successful species
Pacta sunt servanda? : a study on shadow economy and illicit work
The dynamics of moonlightning : what is happening in the Russian informal economy?
English abstract.
Poland's enterprise environment : a Polish view
Planning of laboratory scale gray water recycling systems
Cheats at work : an anthropology of workplace crime
Spontaneous Carex hybrids of Heleonastes and related sections in Fennoscandia
The dynamics of moonlighting : what is happening in the Russian informal economy?
Measuring the non-observed economy : a handbook
The peoples of the Baltic and South Caucasus regions during the Russian and Soviet empires : comparative analysis of the formation of national conciousness
Information sources in grey literature
Financial havens, banking secrecy and money-laundering
Effect of display type and room illuminance in viewing digital dental radiography:display performance in panoramic and intraoral radiography
Africa's informal workers: collective agency alliances and transnational organazing in urban Africa
The shadow economy : an international survey
The informal economy in the EU accession countries : size, scope, trends and challenges in the process of EU enlargement
Biomass production of coppiced grey alder and the effect of fertilization
Do the catholic and protestant countries differ by their tax morale?
The periphery of the euro : monetary and exchange rate policy in CIS countries
The sociological study of economic activity has witnessed a significant resurgence. Recent texts have chronicled economic sociology's nineteenth-century origins while pointing to the importance of context and power in economic life, yet the field lacks a clear understanding of the role that concepts at different levels of abstraction play in its organization. "Economic Sociology" fills this critical gap by surveying the current state of the field while advancing a framework for further theoretical development. Alejandro Portes examines economic sociology's principal assumptions, key explanatory concepts, and selected research sites. He argues that economic activity is embedded in social and cultural relations, but also that power and the unintended consequences of rational purposive action must be factored in when seeking to explain or predict economic behavior. Drawing upon a wealth of examples, Portes identifies three strategic sites of research - the informal economy, ethnic enclaves, and transnational communities - and he eschews grand narratives in favor of mid-range theories that help us understand specific kinds of social action. The book shows how the meta-assumptions of economic sociology can be transformed, under certain conditions, into testable propositions, and puts forward a theoretical agenda aimed at moving the field out of its present impasse.
Identification of novel mutations and molecular pathways for canine neurodegeneration and chondrodysplasia
The northern amphi-atlantic seashore sedge Carex mackenziei V. I. Krecz. was found by us in four localities in 2008-2011, two in Kökar and one in Brändö in the eastern archipelago and one in Sund on the mainland of Åland. The hybrid C. canescens L. × mackenziei (C. × pseudohelvola Kihlm.), which occurs regularly together with C. mackenziei, was found in Sund in 2010 and 2011. The generaldistribution of the two taxa is outlined. The previous finds of C. mackenziei and the hybrid in the Åland Islands during the 19th and 20th centuries are referred to. The future of Carex mackenziei and its hybrid in the Åland Islands is discussed..
Aspects of the biology of Botrytis cinerea in strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa), and alternative methods for disease control = Botrytis cinerea i jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa): undersøkelser av biologi, og alternative metoder for bekjempelse
Towards social adjustment : labour market issues in structural adjustment
Is informal normal? : towards more and better jobs in developing countries
Explaining post-Soviet patchworks. Vol. 2, Pathways from the past to the global
Informal employment in the advanced economies : implications for work and welfare
Markets in developing countries : parallel, fragmented, and black
Underground economies in transition : unrecorded activity, tax evasion, corruption and organized crime
Social protection for the informal sector and the informally employed in Vietnam : literature and data review
Nursery practices and management of fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Finland : a review
"Illicit work, social security fraud, economic crime, and other shadow economy activities are fast becoming an international problem. This second edition uses new data to reassess currency demand and the model approach to estimate the size of the shadow economy in seventy-six developing, transition, and OECD countries. This updated edition argues that during the 2000s the average size of a shadow economy varied from 19% of GDP for OECD, to 30% for transition, and to 45% for developing countries"
Monochrome home
Non-observed economy in national accounts : survey of national practices
Understanding the older consumer : the grey market
Sought-after interiors stylist Hilary Robertson celebrates the stylish simplicity of the monochromatic home - elegant interiors in black, white, and every shade of grey in between. In the first chapter, Living in Black and White, Hilary analyzes successful monochrome interiors, providing moodboards for different schemes. Next, In the Mix takes a closer look at the effective tools of texture, light, and scale and pattern and the roles that they have to play. The third chapter, The Dark Room, visits real homes that feature darker monochrome palettes, while, following on, Let there be Light provides examples of homes with a whiter, brighter approach. Finally, in Monochrome Home Hilary Robertson shows how to bring the look right up to date, visiting the fabulously inspiring homes of artists and designers from Europe to the United States.
Temporal, spatial, and environmental influences on the demographics of grizzly bears in the Greater Yellowstone ecosystem
Follow-up to the White paper : teleworking
Floating city : a rogue sociologist lost and found in New York's underground economy
Summary.
More taxes! : promoting strategies for global taxation
The informal media economy
Migrant workers in Russia : global challenges of the shadow economy in societal transformation
Grey literature in library and information studies
Managers in Russia : still so different?
Treasure islands : tax havens and the men who stole the world
Economic perspective on tax enforcement : the case of Finland
Vole herbivory in time and space : causes and consequences
The unplanned society : Poland during and after communism
Report of the Director-General. Report 1(B), Stopping forced labour : global report under the follow-up to the ILO declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work
Forbidden workers : illegal Chinese immigrants and American labor
The irregular economy : the "underground" economy and the "black" labour market
The informal economy : studies in advanced and less developed countries
Stealth of nations : the global rise of the informal economy
Essays on institutions and the other deep determinants of economic development
Russia in the Finnish economy
Grey water recycling options & technologies : towards a suitable utilization of domestic water
Carex mackenziei and C. canescens × mackenziei in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Reefer madness and other tales from the American underground
Executive summary (s.iv-v).
The Melting Sea
Handbook on the shadow economy
Russia's economy of favours : blat, networking and informal exchange
Shadow banking in China : risk, regulation and policy
Assembling and testing of laboratory scale grey water treatment system
Crime goes underground ; Receiving stolen goods ; Restraining orders in Sweden ; The online sexual solicitation by adults of children in Sweden ; Threats and violence against prison and probation service staff
Fiscal and ethical determinants of shadow economy : theory and evidence
Silvics of European alder
Non-observed economy in national accounts : survey of country practices
The art of making do in Naples
Hiding in the shadows : the growth of the underground economy
Biomass production and nutrient uptake of short-rotation plantations
Universal availability of publications in science and technology including those on the history and philosophy of science and gray literature : proceedings of the 1992 IATUL Seminar, Tallinn, Estonia, June 8-11, 1992
Abstract: Grey Economy in Accommodation and Nutrition Industry.
"This Policy Dialogue compares two very different conceptions of the informal economy that are prominent internationally: a market-based approach and a rights-based approach. It reflects upon the policy implications of adopting one perspective or the other, and argues that the terms 'entrepreneur' and 'worker' are often ideologically charged rather than a reflection of the structural positions of the 'informals'. The paper is critical of a market-based perspective and of the related notion of informal entrepreneurs, as these may lead to policy recommendations that undermine the already fragile livelihoods of many people. The ideas presented in this paper are part of a work in progress and are intended to promote further debate about sustainable policy-making aimed at enhancing the economic and socialstanding of vulnerable people in the informal economy." --Publisher's description.
Informal employment in emerging and transition economies
The shadow economy has become the focus of policy makers around the world. This timely book explores the relationship between entrepreneurship and the shadow economy, by reviewing how to measure, explain and tackle this hidden enterprise culture.
"The Art of Making Do in Naples offers a riveting ethnography of the lives of men seeking personal sovereignty in a shadow economy dominated by violent organized crime networks. Jason Pine's trenchant observations and his own improvised attempts at "making do" provide a fascinating look into the lives of people in the gray zones where organized crime blends into ordinary life"--
Endophthalmitis following cataract surgery : clinical aspects and evaluation of risk factors
Shades of grey
Market-based and rights-based approaches to the informal economy : a comparative analysis of the policy implications
The role of informal economies in the post-Soviet world : the end of transition?
