http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2596 arachnids
arachnids
Secret weapons : defenses of insects, spiders, scorpions, and other many-legged creatures
International congress on arachnology 5, Brno, Czechoslovakia, on 30th August to 4th Sept. 1971 : proceedings
Sarah the Spider : prima spiderina
Quantitative study of invertebrate groups in the soil and ground layer of the IBP sites at Kevo, northern Finland
The reptile survival manual
Broadsides from the other orders : a book of bugs
Succession in the spider communities of the forest floor after clear-cutting and prescribed burning
Finnish Opiliones have been studied as a part of the research programme of deficiently known and threatened forest species (PUTTE) since 2012. During the project, several species new to Finland have been found and some errors in former checklists Heinäjoki 1944, Stol 2007) discovered. Prior to the project, 12 Opiliones species were reported from Finland, the number now being 15. Here we present additions and changes with the updated checklist (Table 1.)..
Small woodland creatures
Revision of the family Alycidae (Acariformes, Acari), with special reference to European species
Tarantulas : a complete introduction
The arthropod community of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) canopies in Norway
Exotic pet handbook : a guide to buying, caring for and breeding unusual pets
The really hairy scary spider
Summary: The number of Acarina per sq. m varied from approx. 44 700 to 289 800 and that of Collembola from 7800 to 52 000. The lowest densities were found in alpine heath in September...
Scorpions of the world
Kin recognition and avoidance of kin cannibalism in the wolf spider Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, Parasite host catalogue. Part 1, Parasites of the Arachnida and Coleoptera
A concise field guide to Indian insects and arachnids
Barron's exotic pets handbook  : a family guide to buying, caring for, and breeding unusual pets
Harvestmen : the biology of Opiliones
Spiders : the ultimate predators
Swedish Araneae. Part 1, Families Atypidae to Hahniidae (Linyphiidae excluded)
The evolution of mating systems in insects and arachnids
Checklist and distribution of the Italian fauna : 10000 terrestrial and inland water species
The private life of spiders
Keeping creepy crawlies : a practical guide to caring for unusual pets
Insects and arachnids of tropical stored products : their biology and identification : (a training manual)
Amazing insects : the secret world of invertebrates
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 7, Owlet moth - scorpion
Jack and the giant spiderweb
Bites & stings : the world of venomous animals
Spiders, scorpions, centipedes and mites : the ecology and natural history of woodlice, 'myriapods' and arachinids
Arachnida and Myriapoda of the Seychelles Islands
Oribatei fauna (Acari) on alpine heath at Kevo, Finland
The phalangids and pseudoscorpionids of Finnish Lapland
Common spiders and other Arachnids of the Gambia West Africa
Tarantulas as a new pet
A landscape of insects and other invertebrates
The Arachnid class
Spiders of Britain & northern Europe
The Country Life guide to spiders of Britain and Northern Europe
Platybunus pinetorum (Arachnida, Opiliones) new to Sweden
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 9, Stone fly - velvet worm
Proceedings of the XI International Congress of Arachnology, Turku, Finland, 7-12 August 1989
Mites of greenhouses : identification, biology and control
Wicked bugs : the louse that conquered Napoleon's army & other diabolical insects
The natural world of bugs & insects
Tarantulas and other arachnids : everything about selection, care, nutrition, health, breeding, and behaviour
The fascinating world of spiders
Condition-dependence of male sexual signalling in the drumming wolf spider Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata
Spider : everything you need to know about cool and unusual pets
The Greenland entomofauna : an identification manual of insects, spiders and their allies
Opiliones new to Finland and an updated checklist
Spiders from the northernmost part of Enontekiö
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 1, Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Arachnida and Coleoptera
Fauna of India : Acari : Mesostigmata : family Phytoseiidae
Swedish Araneae, part 1 : families Atypidae to Hahniidae (Linyphiidae excluded)
The Oribatid genera of the world
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles : and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
Three species of spiders (Araneae) new to the fauna of Finland from the southwestern archipelago
Sarah the Spider
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 10, Wandering spider - Zorapteran
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 5, Harvester ant - leaf-cutting ant
Firefly encyclopedia of insects and spiders
Insects and spiders
Nick Baker's bug book : discover the world of mini-beasts!
Studies on some enthnomedicinal arachnids and insects in relation to their usage as drugs among the tribals of Sundarbans, West Bengal, India
Garden creepy-crawlies
Insects and other invertebrates
Encyclopedia of insects & arachnids
World of animals
On the occurrence of metatetranychus ulmi Koch and Tetranychus urticae Koch (Acarina, Tetranychidae) on forest tree in Finland
Diversität und Biologie von Webspinnen, Skorpionen und anderen Spinnentieren = Diversity and biology of spiders, scorpions and other arachnids
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 4, Endangered species - gypsy moth
Tarantulas and scorpions : their care in captivity
Primitive oribatids of the Palaearctic Region
Arachnid fauna of Nallamalai Region, Eastern Ghats, Andhra Pradesh, India
Encyclopedia of insects and spiders
The encyclopedia of insects
On the spider fauna of Finnish oat fields
A GUIDE TO SPIDERS OF BRITAIN AND NOTHERN EUROPE
Insects & spiders
Nanorchestes Topsent and Trouessart, 1890 and Eupodes Koch, 1836 (Acari: Prostigmata) from Vestfjella mountain range, Antarctica
50 really exotic pets : a fur-and-feather-free guide to the most lovable tarantulas, tortoises, snakes, frogs, lizards and other creatures
Bugs Britannica
The encyclopedia of land invertebrate behaviour
Ecological aspects of used-water treatment. Vol. 1, The organisms and their ecology
In 2013 and 2015 several specimens of the opilionid Platybunus pinetorum (C.L. Koch, 1839) were found in Sweden in two different places almost 500 kilometers from each other. The species was not previously known in the country. The discovery initiated a survey of specimens reported as Rilaena triangularis (Herbst, 1799) on two Swedish web pages, in search for misidentified P. pinetorum. A further three specimens of the new species were found, indicating that it is already rather widespread in southern Sweden.
The guide to owning a tarantula
A manual of acarology
Prevention of bug bites, stings, and disease
Encyclopedia of flora and fauna of Bangladesh. Vol 18. Part 1, Arthropoda: Arachnida
