http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25959 dogmatic history
dogmatic history
"Isaac of Nineveh (7th century AD), or Isaac the Syrian, was, among all the Syriac writers, the one to exert the greatest influence outside the Syriac-speaking world, becoming a highly venerated Father of Byzantine Orthodox spirituality and theology. In Isaak von Nineve und seine Kephalaia Gnostika, Nestor Kavvadas first draws out the frictions between East Syrian episcopacy and the anchorite mystical movement as represented by Isaac, in search of the historical context of Isaac's teaching on the working of the Holy Spirit on the monk. Then, he draws out of Isaac's writings, and especially the Kephalaia Gnostika, the underlying structure of Isaac's thought on the working of the Holy Spirit, with the tension here between the here and now and the 'New World' that can be momentarily anticipated in the present world."--Provided by publisher.
"Augustine of Hippo (354-430) strongly influenced western theology, but he has often been accused of over-emphasizing the unity of God to the detriment of the Trinity. In Augustine and the Trinity, Lewis Ayres offers a new treatment of this important figure, demonstrating how Augustine's writings offer one of the most sophisticated early theologies of the Trinity developed after the Council of Nicaea (325). Building on recent research, Ayres argues that Augustine was influenced by a wide variety of earlier Latin Christian traditions which stressed the irreducibility of Father, Son and Spirit. Augustine combines these traditions with material from non-Christian Neoplatonists in a very personal synthesis. Ayres also argues that Augustine shaped a powerful account of Christian ascent toward understanding of, as well as participation in the divine life, one that begins in faith and models itself on Christ's humility"--Provided by publisher.
The Nicene faith. Part 1, True God of true God
Irenaeus of Lyons on baptism and eucharist : selected texts with introduction, translation, and annotation
Christ, creation, and the vision of God : Augustine's transformation of early Christian theophany interpretation
From Nicaea to Chalcedon : a guide to the literature and its background
Post-Hellenistic philosophy, Neoplatonism, and the doxastic turn in religion : continuities and ruptures in ancient reflections on religion
Commission on education : report 1957-1963 : document No. 16 : fourth assembly of the Lutheran World Federation, July 30-August 11, 1963, Helsinki, Finland
His broken body : understanding and healing the schism between the Roman Catholic and Eastern orthodox churches (an orthodox perspective)
Preacher of grace : a critical reappraisal of Augustines doctrine of grace in his Sermones ad populum on liturgical feasts and during the Donatist controversy
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Original language texts
Christian initiation and baptism in the Holy Spirit : evidence from the first eight centuries
The one and the three : nature, person and triadic monarchy in the Greek and Irish patristic tradition
The Christian doctrine of Apokatastasis : a critical assessment from the New Testament to Eriugena
Origen and the history of justification : the legacy of Origen's commentary on Romans
Mary : a history of doctrine and devotion
The constancy and development in the Christology of Theodoret of Cyrrhus
Accompanied by a believing wife : ministry and celibacy in the earliest Christian communities
The theory of 'apokatastasis' (restoration), most famously defended by the Alexandrian exegete, philosopher and theologian Origen, has its roots in both Greek philosophy and Jewish-Christian Scriptures and literature, and became a major theologico-soteriological doctrine in Patristic. This monograph - the first comprehensive, systematic scholarly study of the history of the Christian 'apokatastasis' doctrine - argues its presence and Christological and Biblical foundation in numerous Christian thinkers, including Syriac, and analyses its origins, meaning, and development over eight centuries, from the New Testament to Eriugena, the last Patristic philosopher. Surprises await readers of this book, which results from fifteen years of research. For instance, they will discover that even Augustine, in his anti-Manichaean phase, supported the theory of universal restoration.
Universalism : the prevailing doctrine of the Christian church during its first five hundred years : with authorities and extracts
The development of the term [enupostatos] from Origen to John of Damascus
The use of sacrificial ideas in Greek Christian writers from the New Testament to John Chrysostom
Contextualising early Christian martyrdom
Divine meaning : studies in patristic hermeneutics
This collection of articles first brings together a number of working papers which were significant in the development of Frances Young's understanding of patristic exegesis, studies not included in her ground-breaking book, Biblical Exegesis and the Formation of Christian Culture (1997), though paving the way for that work. Then comes a selection of papers on theology, church order and methodology, the whole collection constantly returning to themes such as the fundamental connection between theology and exegesis, the significant role of reflection on language, metaphor and symbol, and the creative interaction of early Christianity with its cultural and intellectual environment. These studies demonstrate the author's scholarly approach to patristic material, whereby careful attention is paid to actual texts from the past; but they also reveal the groundwork for her own theological explorations in the very different intellectual environment of the present.
The Apostles' Creed : the Apostles' Creed and its early Christian context
Drama of the divine economy : creator and creation in early Christian theology and piety
Augustine and Manichaeism in the Latin West : proceedings of the Fribourg-Utrecht symposium of the international Association of Manichaean studies (IAMS)
What awaits us beyond the grave is perhaps the fundamental human mystery. Visionary accounts of the afterlife are attested long before the Common Era, and loomed large in the imaginative universe of early Christianity. The medieval Irish inherited and further transformed this tradition, producing vivid eschatological narratives which had a profound impact throughout Europe as well as being works of remarkable literary and spiritual power in their own right. Under the headings 'Soul and Body', 'The Seven Heavens', 'The Next World', and 'The Judgement and its Signs', this book presents critical editions, with translation and commentary, of 26 eschatological texts from the Old, Middle, and Early Modern Irish periods, together with related material in Latin and Old English. Some of these works are here edited for the first time. Extended essays survey Irish eschatological literature a whole, and place it in its wider context; and the volume concludes with a comprehensive handlist of Irish eschatological compositions.
A short history of Christian doctrine
In Physicalist Soteriology in Hilary of Poitiers, Ellen Scully presents Hilary as a representative of the "mystical" or "physical" trajectory of patristic soteriology and outlines the theological ramifications of Hilary's conviction that all humans are contained in Christ's incarnate body.
The quest for the historical Satan
Introducing christian theologies. Volume one, Voices from global Christian communities
What light does the New Testament shed on the practice of celibacy for the sake of the kingdom? In his newest work, renowned Scripture scholar Raymond F. Collins turns his attention to the question, which of course has important implications for the church in our own day. Though the answer is not a simple one, and it does not necessarily translate automatically into clear contemporary ecclesial policy, it still serves as an important foundation for discussion. Collins gives careful consideration of the methodology to be used in approaching the question and to important aspects of the sociocultural context of first-century Palestine within which the New Testament took form. He then explores what Jesus said to the disciples, several disciples' own statuses as married men, and Paul's teaching and personal example on marriage.
Pre-Nicene christology in paschal contexts : the case of the divine Noetic anthropos
Augustine of Hippo (354-430) became known as the 'doctor of grace'. He developed his theory of divine grace mainly in his systematic treatises directed against the Pelagians (ca. 411-430). Did he however also preach about this complex, and at first sight 'demoralizing', issue in his sermons to the people? In his previous book (BSCH 59), Anthony Dupont studied the profile of the treatment of gratia in the anti-Pelagian sermones ad populum. In a Preacher of Grace Dupont offers an account of the presence of the theme of grace in Augustine's sermones not situated in the Pelagian controversy. He first studies sermons preached on important liturgical feasts, which belong to the (non-polemical) pastoral preaching genre. They are distributed throughout the 40 years of Augustine's preaching activity, and are Christological in content and moralising in intention. Secondly, he examines sermons situated in the Donatist controversy, preceding the anti-Pelagian sermons chronologically and differing from them in terms of content. This research provides a global picture of the presence and treatment of gratia in Augustine's sermones and clarifies the interaction between context, audience and preaching genre on the one hand, and the theme of grace as a whole on the other. It also contributes to the debate on (dis)continuity in Augustine's thought on grace.
Exegesis and theology in early Christianity
Ellen Muehlberger explores the diverse and inventive ideas Christians held about angels in late antiquity. During the fourth and fifth centuries, Christians began experimenting with new modes of piety, adapting longstanding forms of public authority to Christian leadership and advancing novel ways of cultivating body and mind to further the progress of individual Christians. Muehlberger argues that in practicing these new modes of piety, Christians developed new ways of thinking about angels.
Christ and the just society in the thought of Augustine
This is the second volume in Lubac's study of the history of exegesis and theology. It includes names and numbers of the biblical sense; the foundation of history; allegory, sense of the faith; mystical tropology; and anagogy and eschatology.
This learned book by eminent scholar Anthony Thiselton is a detailed biblical, historical, and contemporary study of the Holy Spirit. Thiselton presents an up-to-date account of biblical teaching on the topic, including exposition of passages and hermeneutics; offers a comprehensive historical survey from the Apostolic Fathers to Jonathan Edwards; and engages a host of modern theologians.In the last part of his book Thiselton discusses a remarkably wide range of writings on the Holy Spirit from the nineteenth century to the present day. He interacts explicitly with Pentecostals and the Renewal Movement in a sympathetic, positive, yet critical manner. The book as a whole is at once scholarly and readable, comprehensive and practical."The Holy Spirit -- in Biblical Teaching, through the Centuries, and Today" offers scholarly work on specific themes such as prophecy, tongues, the miraculous, the range and nature of the Spirit's gifts, and the Holy Spirit in relation to the Trinity, along with practical consequences for worship and life.
Providence and personalism : Karl Barth in conversation with Austin Farrer, John Macmurray, and Vincent Brümmer
The power of God : Dunamis in Gregory of Nyssa's Trinitarian theology
Patristic hermeneutics : 4th-14th century
The christology of Theodoret of Cyrus : antiochene christology from the Council of Ephesus (431) to the Council of Chalcedon (451)
This book examines the relationship between ecclesiastical authority and secular power in the writings of the twelfth-century figure St Bernard of Clairvaux. The aftermath of the Investiture Controversy left the relationship between the Church and imperial power in ruins. In reaction to these developments, the Concordat of Worms in 1122 sought a compromise to restore the association between the two sides. The Concordat was only the beginning, and a spirit of cooperation between the Church and temporal powers began to emerge. This collaborative relationship is exemplified in the writings of Bernard of Clairvaux (1091–1153). Bernard of Clairvaux was both a Cistercian abbot and a major political figure in the twelfth century. He inherited the Latin vocabulary of earlier Christian writers, but needed a more nuanced language to express the complex political relationship between church and state during the settlement of episcopal investiture. In his writings Bernard distinguished between the authority (auctoritas) of the Church and the power (potestas) of temporal rulers. The language of separation was designed to delineate spheres of influence rather than to reflect opposition – a vocabulary that ultimately presents the relationship between the two powers as less of a fencing match and more of a dance.
This volume provides a concise, nontechnical historical introduction to the church's thinking about Mary, the mother of Jesus. The first part of the book sketches the development of Marian thought from the second century to the twentieth century. The second part contains an annotated bibliography of the most important and accessible English-language works on Mary.Tim Perry, an evangelical Anglican priest, and Daniel Kendall, a Roman Catholic Jesuit priest, have joined across the Reformation divide to provide an irenic, balanced volume for students and general readers interested in this most remarkable woman and the ways in which she has shaped Christian thought.
What is true of Scripture as a result of being inspired? What should divine inspiration cause us to expect from it? The answers to these questions in the early church related not just to the nature of Scripture's truth claims but to the manner in which Scripture was to be interpreted. In this book Michael Graves delves into what Christians in the first five centuries believed about the inspiration of Scripture, identifying the ideas that early Christians considered to be logical implications of biblical inspiration. Many books presume to discuss how some current trend relates to the "traditional" view of biblical inspiration; this one actually describes in a detailed and nuanced way what the "traditional" view is and explores the differences between ancient and modern assumptions on the topic.
Augustine : ancient thought baptized
Poet, hagiographer, dogmatician, homilist, and liturgist, Sophronius was a well-traveled monastic with close ties to Rome and an unrivalled knowledge of the workings of the anti-Chalcedonian churches, revealed in his Synodical letter. He despatched this epistle to other church leaders when, at an advanced age, he became patriarch of Jerusalem in AD 634. The letter was read at the Sixth Ecumenical Council in 680/1, and provided the only sustained rebuttal of the monoergist doctrine, later used by eastern emperors and church leaders as a political strategy to unite Christians in the early Byzantine empire. Pauline Allen provides the first complete annotated translation of the letter in English along with other translated documents of the time which illustrate the progress of the debate and its political and ecclesiastical repercussions in the first half of the seventh century.
Gratia in Augustine's Sermones ad populum during the Pelagian controversy : do different contexts furnish different insights?
The Christian tradition : a history of the development of doctrine. 3, The growth of medieval theology (600-1300)
Physicalist soteriology in Hilary of Poitiers
As a sequel to the hugely successful Jesus and the Heritage of Israel this book brings together fourteen internationally acclaimed scholars in antiquities studies and experts on Paul and Luke. The contributors provoke new approaches to the troubled relation of the Lukan Paul by re-configuring the figure and impact of Paul upon nascent Christianity, with the two leading questions as a driving force. First, 'Who is "Israel" and the "church" for Luke and Luke's Paul' and secondly 'Who is Jesus of Nazareth and who is Paul in relation to both?' The contributors provide challenging new perspectives on approaches to the figure of Paul in recent scholarship as well as in the scholarship of previous generations, 're-figuring' Paul by examining both how he is portrayed in Acts, and how the Pauline figure of Acts may be envisioned within Paul's own writings. Paul and the Heritage of Israel thus accomplishes what no other single volume has done: combining both the 'Paul of Paul' and the 'Paul of Luke' in one seminal volume.
In 'The constancy and development of the Christology of Theodoret of Cyrrhus' Vasilije Vranic offers an assessment of the involvement of Theodoret of Cyrrhus in the Nestorian and Miaphysite controversies of the fifth century. Theodoret's Christological language and concepts are examined in their historical contexts. The study is based on the comparison between the early period of Theodoret's Christological output (Expositio rectae fidei and Refutation of the Twelve Anathemas) and his mature period (Eranistes). Theodoret's Christology is ultimately vindicated and his position as a credible theologian who anticipated the definition of the Council of Chalcedon (AD 451) is assured, while proposing that challenges to the consistency of his Christology ought to be reconsidered.
Christ in Christian tradition. Vol. 2, Part 3, The Churches of Jerusalem and Antioch from 451 to 600
Modern Catholicism : Vatican II and after
Hugh of Saint Victor
The Christian tradition : a history of the development of doctrine. 4, Reformation of Church and dogma (1300-1700)
Will, action, and freedom : christological controversies in the seventh century
Clement of Alexandria
Grace and the will according to Augustine
Heaven's purge : purgatory in late antiquity
After our likeness : the Church as image of the trinity
Sophronius of Jerusalem and seventh-century heresy : the Synodical letter and other documents
Fountainhead of federalism : Heinrich Bullinger and the covenantal tradition
The Summa contra gentiles is perhaps the most peculiar work of St. Thomas Aquinas, due to Thomas's decision to structure the work first according to what humans can say about God without revelation and then what humans can say about God once revelation is explicitly introduced. Such an approach to the human pursuit of the divine is otherwise unheard of in Thomas's own day, and this unusual structure has provided a fertile seedbed for a wide range of interpretations. Matthew Kostelecky's book shows the integral relationship between the conceptions of human nature and God operative throughout the Summa contra gentiles such that the text is always in a twofold movement, at once describing what humans can say about God while also reflecting human nature back on itself by delineating its limits and capabilities with respect to the possible human knowledge of God. As a result, the Summa contra gentiles is presented as a mirror of human nature as that nature is directed to its most noble object.
The letter and the spirit : a history of interpretation from Origen to Luther
Heresy and identity in late antiquity
The case against Diodore and Theodore : texts and their contexts
From Augustine to Anselm : the influence of De trinitate on the Monologion
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Volume 3, Part five: Statements of faith in modern Christianity
The history of Christian doctrines
The Holy Spirit-- in biblical teaching, through the centuries, and today
Revelation, truth, canon, and interpretation : studies in Justin Martyr's Dialogue with Trypho
Patrology. Vol. 3, The golden age of Greek patristic literature from the Council of Nicaea to the Council of Chalcedon
Gregory of Nyssa
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Volume 2, Part four: Creeds and confessions of the Reformation era
Canonical theism : a proposal for theology and the church
Abstract in english.
Eriugena's commentary on the Dionysian Celestial hierarchy
Ritual and morality : the ritual purity system and its place in Judaism
Hebrew scripture in patristic biblical theory : canon, language, text
Should Christianity's theological face remain largely European and North American in the twenty-first century in the wake of the expansion of Christianity in sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, and Latin America? The question about the "theological face" of Christianity cannot be ignored. For too long African, Asian, and Latin American theologians have been left out of mainstream theological discussions. Few standard textbooks on Christian theology acknowledge the unique contributions theologians from these continents have made to global Christianity. Introducing Christian Theologies: Voices from Global Christian Communities is a two-volume textbook that alters the predominantly European and North American "theological face" of Christianity by interacting with the voices of the Christian communities from around the globe. Introducing Christian Theologies explores the works of key theologians from across the globe, highlighting their unique contributions to Christian theology and doctrine. --
Canon and creed : interpretation : resources for the use of scripture in the church
Religious polemics in context : papers presented to the Second International Conference of the Leiden Institute for the Study of Religions (LISOR) held at Leiden, 27-28 April, 2000
Patrology. Vol. 4, The golden age of Latin patristic literature from the Council of Nicaea to the Council of Chalcedon
Fathers and heretics : six studies in dogmatic faith with prologue and epilogue : being the Bampton lectures for 1940
The Holy Spirit : a guide to christian theology
The Apostles' Creed : origin, history, and some early commentaries
The Gospel of Thomas and Plato : a study of the impact of Platonism on the "Fifth Gospel"
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 1
Memory, tradition, and text : uses of the past in early Christianity
Church and stage in Victorian England
Triads and trinity
Early Christian doctrines
God in early Christian thought : essays in memory of Lloyd G. Patterson
Christian theology : an introduction
The Christian tradition : a history of the development of doctrine. 5, Christian doctrine and modern culture (since 1700)
Creation and salvation. Vol. 1, A mosaic of selected classic Christian theologies
Medieval exegesis. Vol. 2, The four senses of scripture
Marsilius of Inghen's Sentences Commentary is a crucial piece of evidence in the history of thought between Ockham and Luther, covering almost the complete range of items important in pre-modern philosophy and theology. The part edited here is concerned with the Trinity, dealing with the unity and the distinction of the divine persons. It addresses the use of logic in theology, the dialectics between authority and reason, and reveals new evidence on the debates between Realists and Nominalists at the Universities of Paris and Heidelberg. The present edition provides the reader a first critical text based on an assessment of all textual witnesses, thus offering an indispensable tool for uncovering the intricacies of Scholasticism at the eve of Reformation.
Anselm (1033-1109) described the 'Monologion', his first major theological work, as a model meditation on the divine essence; and he enjoined his potential critics to read Augustine's De trinitate diligently and then judge the 'Monologion'by it. In following Anselm's admonition, I have paid particular attention to Anselm's claims about the persuasiveness of his arguments, and probed the cogency of some of the many arguments that make up the 'Monologion'. The result is something like a critical companion to the 'Monologion'. It is not meant to replace an actual reading of the 'Monologion', which is an experience worth having, since no interpretation or paraphrase can capture the feeling of wading through Anselm's analytic arguments. And I have resisted the common tendency of reading the 'Monologion'merely as a prelude to its more evocative sequel, the 'Proslogion'.
Christians trying to "save the planet" have to relate "creation" with "salvation." This volume explores the ways in which classic theologies have approached these tasks.
Lutheranism : the theological movement and its confessional writings
In Pre-Nicene Christology in Paschal Contexts Dragoş A. Giulea re-examines the earliest texts related to the festival of Easter in light of Second Temple traditions. Commonly portrayed as sacrificial lamb, the key actor of the paschal narrative is here designated as heavenly Kabod, Divine Image, King of the Powers, celestial Anthropos, Demiurge, Son of Man, each of these divine names implying a corresponding soteriological function. Dragoş A. Giulea indicates as well that the Greek philosophical vocabulary and certain idioms of the mystery religions inspired new categories which reshaped the traditional way of describing the nature of celestial entities and the epistemological capacities able to access these realities. Thus, the King of the Powers, or the Son of Man, is several times described as a noetic Anthropos, while initiation and noetic perception become the appropriate methods of accessing the divine.
The theology of creation interconnected with virtually every aspect of early Christian thought, from Trinitarian doctrine to salvation to ethics. Paul M. Blowers provides an advanced introduction to the multiplex relation between Creator and creation as an object both of theological construction and religious devotion in the early church. While revisiting the polemical dimension of Christian responses to Greco-Roman philosophical cosmology and heterodox Gnostic and Marcionite traditions on the origin, constitution, and destiny of the cosmos, Blowers focuses more substantially on the positive role of patristic theological interpretation of Genesis and other biblical creation texts in eliciting Christian perspectives on the multifaceted relation between Creator and creation. Greek, Syriac, and Latin patristic commentators, Blowers argues, were ultimately motivated less by purely cosmological concerns than by the urge to depict creation as the enduring creative and redemptive strategy of the Trinity. The 'drama of the divine economy', which Blowers discerns in patristic theology and piety, unfolded how the Creator invested the 'end' of the world already in its beginning, and thereupon worked through the concrete actions of Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit to realize a new creation.
Iustitia Dei : a history of the Christian doctrine of justification. 2, From 1500 to the present day
Repentance in late antiquity : eastern asceticism and the framing of the Christian life c.400-650 CE
Heaven : a history
The Christian tradition : a history of the development of doctrine. 2, The spirit of Eastern Christendom (600-1700)
The Blessed Virgin Mary
The call to repentance is central to the message of early Christianity. While this is undeniable, the precise meaning of the concept of repentance for early Christians has rarely been investigated to any great extent, beyond studies of the rise of penitential discipline. In this study, the rich variety of meanings and applications of the concept of repentance are examined, with a particular focus on the writings of several ascetic theologians of the fifth to seventh centuries. These theologians provide some of the most sustained and detailed elaborations of the concept of repentance in late antiquity: SS Mark the Monk, Barsanuphius and John of Gaza, and John Climacus. They predominantly see repentance as a positive, comprehensive idea that serves to frame the whole of Christian life, not simply one or more of its parts.
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Volume 1, Part one: Rules of Faith in the Early Church ; Part two: Eastern Orthodox affirmations of faith ; Part three: Medieval Western statements of faith
Angels in late ancient Christianity
The way to Nicaea
Iustitia Dei : a history of the Christian doctrine of justification. the beginnings to the Reformation
Augustine and the Trinity
Christ in Christian tradition. Vol. 2, From the Council of Chalcedon (451) to Gregory the Great (590-604). Part 4. The church of Alexandria with Nubia and Ethiopia after 451
Debates over the resurrection of the dead : constructing early Christian identity
This volume of Christ in Christian Tradition continues Alois Cardinal Grillmeier's pioneering work in the field of the early history of Christology. Here the focus is on Christianity in Palestine and Syria (the Fertile Crescent) after the Council of Chalcedon and before the advent of Islam. A consideration underlying the entire book is whether we can speak of a consistent Christology throughout the Christian East before Islam and to what extent the Christian East retained the biblical message of Jesus, despite the various divisions that occurred within its borders. Chapters have been collected, edited, and reworked by Theresia Hainthaler with additional contributions from Tanios Bou Mansour and Luise Abramowski. The first part of this volume examines Christology in Palestine from Chalcedon until Islam, including the theology of monks and ascetics, the School of Gaza, and liturgy. The second part is devoted to the Christology in the patriarchate of Antioch from 451 to the end of the sixth century. In 1951 Alois Cardinal Grillmeier (1910-1998) first published Das Konzil von Chalcedon , a work focused on the pre-Chalcedon period and the events of the Council in 451. The first chapter of this would become the first volume ofChrist in Christian Tradition. The work appeared in English in 1965. In 1986 Volume 2/1 appeared with a foreword explaining the author's intention to provide a comprehensive study of Christology from the beginning up to c.800. This was translated to English in 1987. Three further volumes appeared: 2/2 (1989, translated 1995), 2/4 (1990, translated 1996) and the present volume, 2/3 (2002). This volume completes the translation of the published volumes into English. Editorial work continues on volume 2/5 which has yet to publish in German.
Paul and the heritage of Israel : Paul's claim upon Israel's legacy in Luke and Acts in the light of the Pauline letters
Sacred authority and temporal power in the writings of Bernard of Clairvaux
"How can the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit be distinct and yet identical? Prompted by the doctrine of the divine Trinity, this question sparked centuries of lively debate. In the current context of renewed interest in Trinitarian theology, Russell L. Friedman provides the first survey of the scholastic discussion of the Trinity in the 100-year period stretching from Thomas Aquinas' earliest works to William Ockham's death. Tracing two central issues - the attempt to explain how the three persons are distinct from each other but identical as God, and the application to the Trinity of a 'psychological model', on which the Son is a mental word or concept, and the Holy Spirit is love - this volume offers a broad overview of Trinitarian thought in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, along with focused studies of the Trinitarian ideas of many of the period's most important theologians"--Provided by publisher.
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. [Volume 4], Credo : historical and theological guide to creeds and confessions of faith in the Christian tradition
Die Verfasserschaft der traditionell dem Apologeten Athenagoras zugeschriebenen Schrift De Resurrectione und ihre Datierung sind bis heute umstritten. Nikolai Kiel weist in dieser Studie nach, dass der Auferstehungstraktat ein Pseudonym darstellt. Durch eine Verortung des Textes im ideengeschichtlichen Kontext der altkirchlichen Auferstehungsdebatten kann seine Entstehung auf die erste Hälfte des dritten Jahrhunderts datiert werden. Hierzu wird auch der Diskurshorizont des untersuchten Traktats mittels einer Rekonstruktion der in der Leugnung der Totenauferstehung bestehenden gegnerischen Position näher bestimmt. Ausgehend von einem interpretierenden Durchgang durch De Resurrectione leistet der Verfasser einen wesentlichen Beitrag zur patristischen Forschung des apologetischen Zeitalters. -- The authorship of De Resurrectione traditionally ascribed to the apologist Athenagoras, and its dating are controversial to this day. Nikolai Kiel proves in this study that the resurrection treatise is pseudonymous. By positioning the text within the intellectual-historical context of early resurrection debates, its origin can be dated to the first half of the 3rd century. The discourse horizon of the discussed tractate has been determined more precisely by means of a reconstruction of the constituent opposing position. Through his interpretative survey of De Resurrectione, the author has advanced the study of apologetic literature from the early patristic Era.
Christ in Christian tradition. Vol. 2, From the Council of Chalcedon (451) to Gregory the Great (590-604). Part 2, The church of Constantinople in the 6th century
Angelic spirituality : medieval perspectives on the ways of angels
The apocryphal gospels within the context of early Christian theology
Early Christian creeds
Medieval exegesis. Vol. 1, The four senses of scripture
Catholicism
Union and distinction in the thought of St. Maximus the Confessor
n Debates over the Resurrection of the Dead, Outi Lehtipuu highlights the striking observation that in many early texts the way that belief in resurrection is formulated is used as a sign of inclusion and exclusion, not only in relation to non-Christians but vis-a-vis other Christians. Those who teach otherwise have deviated from the truth, are not true Christians, and do the works of the devil. Using insights from the sociological study of deviance, Dr Lehtipuu demonstrates that labelling was used as a tool for marking boundaries between those who belonged and those who did not. This was extremely important in the fluid conditions where the small Christian minority groups found themselves. In a situation where there were no universally accepted structures that defined what constituted the true Christian belief, several competing interpretations and their representatives struggled for recognition of their views based on what they believed to be the apostolic tradition. The most hotly-debated aspect of resurrection was whether it would entail the body of flesh and blood or not. When resurrection would take place was closely related to this. Controversies died since the scriptural legacy was ambiguous enough to allow different hermeneutical solutions. The battle over resurrection was closely related to the question of how scriptures were to be understood as well as to what constituted the human self that would survive death. To demonstrate this a wide variety of texts are studied, from theological treatises (including relevant Nag Hammadi texts) to apocryphal acts and martyrologies. Acknowledging the complexity and diversity of the early Christian movement, this volume views early Christian discourse as part of the broader ancient discursive world where similar debates were going on among both Jews and the majority population.
The inspiration and interpretation of scripture : what the early church can teach us
The Holy Spirit, inspiration, and the cultures of antiquity : multidisciplinary perspectives
Formula and context : studies in early Christian thought
Essays on key moments in the intellectual history of the West. This book forms a major contribution to the discussion on fate, providence and moral responsibility in Antiquity, the Middle Ages and Early Modern times. Through 37 original papers, renowned scholars from many different countries, as well as a number of young and promising researchers, write the history of the philosophical problems of freedom and determinism since its origins in pre-socratic philosophy up to the seventeenth century. The main focus points are classic Antiquity (Plato and Aristotle), the Neoplatonic synthesis of lat.
Theology through the theologians : selected essays, 1972-1995
The Nicene faith. Part 2, One of the Holy Trinity
The Cambridge history of early Christian literature
Fate, providence and moral responsibility in ancient, medieval and early modern thought : studies in honour of Carlos Steel
Medieval trinitarian thought from Aquinas to Ockham
In the shadow of the incarnation : essays on Jesus Christ in the early church in honor of Brian E. Daley, S.J
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 2
Orthodoxy and heresy in earliest Christianity
Christology : key readings in Christian thought
The social setting of the ministry as reflected in the writings of Hermas, Clement, and Ignatius
The development of authority within the Russian Orthodox Church : a theological and historical inquiry
"[E]xtracts from the writings of Diodore and Theodore as cited by their opponents and supporters, in their historical order, from the death of Theodore to his condemnation at the Council of Constantinople in 553" --Pg. [vii]-viii. This is a landmark work, providing the first complete collection of the remaining excerpts from the writings of Diodore of Tarsus and Theodore of Mopsuestia together with a ground-breaking study of the controversy regarding the person of Christ that raged from the fourth to the sixth century, and which still divides the Christian Church. Destroyed after their condemnation, all that remains of the dogmatic writings of Diodore and Theodore are the passages quoted by their supporters and opponents. John Behr brings together all these excerpts, from the time of Theodore's death until his condemnation at the Second Council of Constantinople (553) - including newly-edited Syriac texts (from florilegium in Cod. Add. 12156, and the fragmentary remains of Theodore's On the Incarnation in Cod. Add. 14669) and many translated for the first time - and examines their interrelationship, to determine who was borrowing from whom, locating the source of the polemic with Cyril of Alexandria. On the basis of this textual work, Behr presents a historical and theological analysis that completely revises the picture of these 'Antiochenes' and the controversy regarding them. Twentieth-century scholarship often found these two 'Antiochenes' sympathetic characters for their aversion to allegory and their concern for the 'historical Jesus', and regarded their condemnation as an unfortunate incident motivated by desire for retaliation amidst 'Neo-Chalcedonian' advances in Christology. This study shows how, grounded in the ecclesial and theological strife that had already beset Antioch for over a century, Diodore and Theodore, in opposition to Julian the Apostate and Apollinarius, were led to separate the New Testament from the Old and 'the man' from the Word of God, resulting in a very limited understanding of Incarnation and circumscribing the importance of the Passion. The result is a comprehensive and cogent account of the controversy, both Christological and exegetical together, of the early fifth century, the way it stemmed from earlier tensions and continued through the Councils of Ephesus, Chalcedon, and Constantinople II.
Doctrine and practice in the early church
Thomas Aquinas's Summa contra gentiles : a mirror of human nature
Essays in early Eastern initiation
Origen : cosmology and ontology of time
