http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25935 service culture
service culture
Measuring Service Quality Perceptions of Customers of 4S Shops in Tianjin
Art and culture - keys for better brain health : developing service models with a citizen-centred approach
The talking images research : museums, galleries and heritage sites : improving access for blind and partially sighted people
Perceived success factors supporting the integration of service design into brand building work
The six principles of service excellence : a proven strategy for driving world-class employee performance and elevating the customer experience from average to extraordinary
The thesis is provided to help small startup-companies to learn basic factors of international customer service. It does not have any specific commissioner but a company of any field of business is welcome to take advantage of it. The objective of the thesis was to make an international customer service guide with the most general perspective as possible and to include the most important matters according to international customer service into the same guide. Source materials are used as references and these materials were the basis of the research. Books (i.e. Järvinen, R; Rosti, P; Ylikoski, T; 2002. Hyvä asiakaspalvelu-menestystekijä finanssialalla) and articles (e.g. Business and industry portal; Service and selling strategies at the time of sale) had a major role in the results of a research of this kind. The main findings of the thesis are that a functional customer service is a necessary part of any kind of business, qualitative customer service requires expertise and that cultural factors have an impact on international customer service. This thesis can be continued by another author in the future. The next step for it would be to consider a specific culture and a startup-company and to find solutions for the company’s main problems according to international customer service.^
Vietnamese overseas students' expectation recruitment agencies in home country
In summary: developing services.
The Experiences of Finnish companies about the Quality of Chinese Labor : Comparison between Chinese and Finnish work cultures
Service design for business : a practical guide to optimizing the customer experience
Uplifting service : the proven path to delighting your customers, colleagues, and everyone else you meet
Service quality in the city branch offices of Rauman Seudun Osuuspankki
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
The role of internal marketing and national culture in perceived service quality in apparel retail industry : the comparison between Finnish and Chinese branches of bestseller A/S
Cultural co-operation possibilities between the companies and associations providing cultural services in Southern Pirkanmaa region
Service Design for Business helps you transform your customer's experience and keep them engaged through the art of intentional service design. Written by the experts at Livework, this practical guide offers a tangible, effective approach for better responding to customers' needs and demands, and provides concrete strategy that can be implemented immediately. You'll learn how taking a design approach to problem solving helps foster creativity, and how to apply it to the real issues that move businesses forward. Highly visual and organized for easy navigation, this quick read is a handbook for connecting market factors to the organizational challenge of customer experience by seeing your company through the customers' eyes.
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Social networks : promoting Mexican popular cultures and building a participatory culture
Service Asia : how the tigers kan ceep their stripes
An International Customer Service Guide For Startup-Companies
The main objective of the thesis is focused on understanding the service and operation  model of Chinese restaurants in Finland,  identifying the gaps between the service suppliers' and the  customers' view on service quality and trying to find out the best Chinese restaurant service design in Finland.     The conceptual framework of the thesis is based on the service design, the scale to measure the service quality - SERVQUAL model, and the comparison of Finnish and Chinese food culture and restaurant management.     A combination of the qualitative and quantitative methods has been applied to analysis the research results. The face to face interviews on three Chinese restaurant owners give the qualitative perspective of the restaurant entrepreneurs and the surveys on 70 students from Haaga-Helia University of Applied Science give the quantitative view of the restaurant customers.    In conclusion, the more than 200 Chinese restaurants in Finland are sharing the same service and operation model - the excessively localized Finnish-Chinese food with slightly different serving styles. From the restaurant entrepreneurs' point of view, the lack of raw material and expensive labour cost in Finland are the main reasons for missing the taste of genuine Chinese food. They hope to present the authentic Chinese culture and offer the genuine Chinese cuisine. On the other hand, the customers are eager to experience the authentic Chinese cuisine and food culture in Finland. Wishes from both parties merged into one goal, which is to offer the genuine Chinese food to customers in the Chinese restaurants in Finland. This should serve as the main strategy for future Chinese restaurant management in Finland.
Divorce islamic style
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Abstract: Cultural co-operation possibilities between the companies and associations providing cultural services in Southern Pirkanmaa region.
Producing experience in marketplace encounters : a study of consumption experiences in art exhibitions and trade fairs
Professional services marketing : how the best firms build premier brands, thriving lead generation engines, and cultures of business development success
Managing quality cultural tourism
The talking images guide : museums, galleries and heritage sites : improving access for blind and partially sighted people
Complaint Management and Cross Cultural Differences
The disability directory for museums & galleries
"The only book you need to raise customer service to a world-class level--from bestselling author and leadership guru Ken Blanchard Written as an entertaining customer-service "parable," I Care--Do You? offers an easy-to-implement model based on the importance of caring for both internal and external customers. Ideal for both managers seeking to raise the level of their employees, as well as self-driven customer service professionals, this powerful guide combines practical advice with the rationale behind it to increase customer loyalty through sincere customer care.Ken Blanchard is Chief Spiritual Officer of The Ken Blanchard Companies, a global management training and consulting firm he cofounded in 1979. Victoria Halsey is Vice President of Applied Learning for The Ken Blanchard Companies. Kathy Cuff is a Senior Consulting Partner for The Ken Blanchard Companies"--
Adoption of mobile shopping in Finland and Germany : a cross-cultural study
Reading is not only fun and invigorating, it also has many other positive effects on a person's quality of life and well-being. One of the fundamental missions of public libraries has always been to support people's reading habits and promote literature. A number of surveys pertaining to the use of the library have also indicated that libraries are still a significant part of people's lives in precisely this way.
The hotel industry in Finland is expanding and foreign influence is more and more prominent in this market. Hilton has opened its third hotel in Finland last year and with it comes the Hilton way of doing things. One aspect of the Hilton culture are the brand standards that are set for the hotels. These standards involved every department and customer encounter. In this study the aim was to find out how well employees at the Hilton hotels in Finland have adapted to complying with these brand standards, which they are expected to be familiar with and apply to their work.    The theoretical frame of reference outlines how culture affects people as well as organisations and how deeply rooted cultural norms and values are. Because Hilton is an American chain, and therefore the brand standards applied in all Hilton hotels have been developed according to an American mould, it was important to review some of the cultural differences that exist between Finland and America. Finally, as we are dealing with the service industry, the nature of services was considered.     The primary research was conducted in August and September 2008 and it involved developing a questionnaire and obtaining responses to this questionnaire from reception staff in all three Hilton hotels. The response rate was 74% which is enough to give us an idea of the feelings that staff have of the brand standards without, however, giving conclusive results. The results show that employees at the Hilton hotels have, in fact, adapted to the Hilton culture quite well and few brand standards pose a big problem for them. These results have been explained further in the light of the theoretical frame of reference.     In conclusion it can be said that employees have fairly positive attitudes towards the standards. It would, however, be interesting to go more deeply into the thoughts and attitudes of employees, through qualitative research. Also the management's role in promoting the standards should be strengthened.
Open doors : how to make cultural venues and exhibitions accessible = Offene Türen = Anoihtes portes = Åpne dører = Avoimet ovet
A guide to customer service skills for the service desk professional
Introduction to hospitality
"Hospitality is an industry characterised by its complex nature and numerous sectors including hotels, hostels, B&Bs, restaurants, pubs, nightclubs and contract catering. However, despite its segmentation, there are key issues that are pertinent to all subsectors. The Routledge Handbook of Hospitality Management adopts a strategic approach and explores and critically evaluates current debates, issues and controversies to enable the reader to learn from the industry's past mistakes as well as future opportunities. Especially relevant at a time when many sectors of the industry have to re - evaluate and reinvent themselves in response to the economic downturn the Handbook brings together specialists from both industry and academia and from a range of geographical regions to provide state-of-the-art theoretical reflection and empirical research. Each of the five inter related sections explores and evaluates issues that are of extreme importance to hospitality organisations, many of which have not been adequately explored before: external and internal customers, debates surrounding finance, uncertainty risk and conflict, sustainability, and e-Hospitality and Technology. This book is an invaluable resource for all those with an interest in hospitality, encouraging dialogue across disciplinary boundaries and areas of study. It is essential reading for students, researchers & academics and managers of Hospitality as well as those of Tourism, Events, Marketing, and Business Management"--
Cultural experience and health : the coherence of health and leisure time activities
Developing the Internal Service Quality in Organisation Y
Improving the customer service of foreign customers in a Case Company
Profiting from services and solutions : what product-centric firms need to know
An international customer service guide for startup-companies
Today, the multiculturalism of any company’s clientele is increasing and the role of different cultures in customer service situations is growing. The topic for this thesis emerged from the author’s own experiences as a customer servant in the Case Company that was the commissioner of this thesis. The Company has plenty of foreign customers in the Oulu region and thus, improving the customer service of foreign customers is a current and an important issue. The objective of the thesis was to examine how the customer service of foreign customers in the Case Company could be improved in practice. The study focused on the main channels of customer service in the Company: telephone services, electronic customer service and customer service at the service desk. The objective was also to introduce ideas for creating even more pleasant intercultural customer service situations for both the customer servants and the foreign customers of the Case Company in the future. The study was conducted using three qualitative research methods: an email interview, document analyses and participant observations. The collected data was analyzed and interpreted in the context of theories about customer service, intercultural communication and intercultural competence. The results of the study suggested that the key to improving the customer service of foreign customers in the Case Company would be to offer regular training for the customer servants and to invest in developing the electronic customer service for foreign customers. Creating a comprehensive plan for consistently improving the customer service of foreign customers in the future could be more effective than single improvements.
This is service design thinking : basics - tools - cases
Who's watching the spies? : establishing intelligence service accountability
Means for overall assessment of cultural life and measuring the involvement of the cultural sector in the information society : a report
The Zappos experience : 5 principles to inspire, engage, and wow
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
Food habits and culture : case Amica
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
Introducing hospitality
Hostmanship : the art of making people feel welcome
Intercultural customer service encounters : a behavioral study of satisfactory and unsatisfactory service outcomes
Creating the corporate soul : the rise of public relations and corporate imagery in American big business
A pilot project in cultural activities in the province of Central Finland
Service design for Chinese restaurant management in Finland
Leading libraries : how to create a service culture
Improving the customer service of foreign customers in a case company
Customer service for hospitality and tourism
Arts and culture in Helsinki
Services marketing
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
MUISTI (MEMORY) - Digitization and network delivery of Finnish national collections
Patterns of cultural participation and consumption in Finland in the 1980's
The world of superservice : creating profit through a passion for customer service
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Developing an internal marketing plan to enhance employee satisfaction in a service organisation : case Cargotec service centre
Services marketing : an interactive approach
How advertisements appeal to consumers in Finland and France : a study of financial services advertisements
Who paid the piper? : the CIA and the cultural cold war
Standardizing the operations in customer service : case company: Reka Rubber Ltd
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
Summary.
Marketing mix across cultures : A case study: Binh Quoi Tourist Village's wedding services to France and Japan
The Routledge handbook of hospitality management
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Customer service : career success through customer loyalty
From the margins to the centre : cultural production and consumption in the post-industrial city
"We feel their genuine kindness" : an intercultural approach to Japanese tourist satisfaction with Finnish service encounters
The success and the challenges of Finnair's in-flight services from the Japanese and South Korean perspective
This is service design thinking : basics, tools, cases
Customer culture : how Fed Ex® and other great companies put the customer first every day
Charter of Parma = Charte de Parme = Carta di Parma
Entertainment, arts and cultural services
Administrative reform and capacity building : the case of primary education in Bangladesh
Reading, libraries and well-being
Legendary service : the key is to care
Building a service culture in your hotel : the role of the human resources department
Service standards and Finnish working culture : how reception employees perceive standards in three Hilton hotels in Helsinki
Cultural differences in web-based health information seeking of Finnish and Japanese students
