http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25991 degrowth
degrowth
How much is enough? : money and the good life
The no-growth imperative : creating sustainable communities under ecological limits to growth
When green growth is not enough : climate change, ecological modernization, and sufficiency
"This new and expanded edition builds upon the first edition's powerful multi-perspective approach and breath of coverage. A truly comprehensive introduction to sustainable development, it is designed specifically to allow access to the topic from a wide range of educational and professional backgrounds and to develop understanding of a diversity of approaches and traditions at different levels.This second edition includes:a complete update of the text, with increased coverage of major topics including ecosystems; production and consumption; business; urban sustainability; governance; new media technologies; conservation; leadership; globalization and global crises; sustainability literacy and learning;more examples from the Global South and North America, while retaining its unique coverage of first world countries;chapter aims at the start and summaries at the end of each chapter; glossary of key terms; a new chapter on Conservation with a focus on behaviour change and values;a brand new website which includes discussion of how projects are done on the ground, additional exercises and online cases, test questions and recommended readings and films.Offering boxed examples from the local to the global, Understanding Sustainable Development is the most complete guide to the subject for course leaders, undergraduates and postgraduates"--
"This new and expanded edition builds upon the first edition's powerful multi-perspective approach and breath of coverage. A truly comprehensive introduction to sustainable development, it is designed specifically to allow access to the topic from a wide range of educational and professional backgrounds and to develop understanding of a diversity of approaches and traditions at different levels. Offering boxed examples from the local to the global, this textbook the most complete guide to the subject for course leaders, undergraduates and postgraduates"--
Market Segmentation for Pro-environmental Cosmetic Products : Finnish Cosmetic Markets
Understanding sustainable development
Green growth : ideology, political economy, and the alternatives
"We live in an era of stagnation, rapid impoverishment, rising inequalities, and socio-ecological disasters. In the dominant discourse, these are effects of economic crisis, lack of growth or underdevelopment. This book argues growth is the cause of these problems and that it has become uneconomic, ecologically unsustainable and intrinsically unjust. When the language in use is inadequate to articulate what begs to be articulated, then it is time for a new vocabulary. A movement of activists and intellectuals, first starting in France and then spreading to the rest of the word has called for the decolonization of public debate from the idiom of economism and the abolishment of economic growth as a social objective. "Degrowth" ("Décroissance") has come to signify for them the desired direction of societies that will use less natural resources and will organize to live radically differently. "Simplicity", "conviviality", "autonomy", "care", "the commons" and "dépense", the social and ritual destruction of accumulated surplus, are some of the words that express what a degrowth society might look like. Degrowth A Vocabulary for a New Era is the first English language book to comprehensively cover the burgeoning literature on degrowth. It presents and explains the different lines of thought, imaginaries, and proposed courses of action that together complete the degrowth puzzle. The book brings together the top scholars writing in the field with young researchers who cultivate the research frontier and activists who practice degrowth on the ground. It will be an indispensable source of information and inspiration for all those who not only believe that another world is possible, but work and struggle to construct it right now. Join our book community at www.degrowthvocabulary.net for more material and conversations".
State of the World 2012 : moving toward sustainable prosperity : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
The more beautiful world our hearts know is possible
Degrowth : a vocabulary for a new era
In the light of humane nature : human values, nature, the green economy, and environmental salvation
Alternatives for economy : liberation from the straitjacket of "economy"
Sustainability : a history
The politics of actually existing unsustainability : human flourishing in a climate-changed, carbon-constrained world
