http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25929 game sector
game sector
As a conclusion, the social media plan is constructed based on the current social media activities of the commissioner, therefore some issues might arise when implementing the plan as the commissioner have not really established presence on social media; issue of lacking resources might come up, but it is also tried to resolve in this thesis. If the plan is implemented successfully there might be high benefit for the commissioner. As for development proposals there are endless possibilities for further measures as social media provides countless number of opportunities for companies. It would be interesting to see further measures as a thesis by a business student where the possibilities of social media in business-to-business use are exploited.
The analytic hospitality executive : implementing data analytics in hotels and casinos
Conceptual design methods for game sound
Riot-on! : a painfully true story of Riot Entertainment 2000-2002 : a fucked up media opera
Interviews with representatives from the art and business sides of soundtracks, including composers, musicians, vocalists, music producers/distributors, public relations representatives, journalists and fans.
The game of developing a game : hobbyist game developers as playful entrepreneurs in the Apple App Store
Game localization : translating for the global digital entertainment industry
Game On! 2017: all the best games, amazing facts, awesome secrets
Marketing in New Game Companies : iOS
Sleeping dogs : Nordic edition : PS3
Designing game services
Technical framework in game development startups
Tetris : the games people play
Hypercontextualized games
Inside the video game industry : game developers talk about the business of play
Sleeping dogs : definitive edition : PlayStation 4
Business model of gaming platforms : redefining Atari business model
Media today : an introduction to mass communication
Scene it? : All new movie clips and trivia : Wii
Travel and tourism : an industry primer
Designing a knowledge based puzzle game : case: After Now Archeology
Sleeping dogs : definitive edition : PS4
Women in game development : breaking the glass level-cap
The game rules of content potection [i.e.] protection
Dynamics, incomplete information and industrial economics
In life, uncertainty surrounds us. Things that we thought were good for us turn out to be bad for us (and vice versa); people we thought we knew well behave in mysterious ways; the stock market takes a nosedive. Thanks to an inexplicable optimism, most of the time we are fairly cheerful about it all. But we do devote much effort to managing and ameliorating uncertainty. Is it any wonder, then, asks Greg Costikyan, that we have taken this aspect of our lives and transformed it culturally, making a series of elaborate constructs that subject us to uncertainty but in a fictive and nonthreatening way? That is: we create games. In this concise and entertaining book Costikyan argues that games require uncertainty to hold our interest, and that the struggle to master uncertainty is central to their appeal. Game designers, he suggests, can harness the idea of uncertainty to guide their work. Costikyan explores the many sources of uncertainty in many sorts of games -- from Super Mario Bros. to Rock/Paper/Scissors, from Monopoly to CityVille, from FPS Deathmatch play to Chess. He describes types of uncertainty, including performative uncertainty, analytic complexity, and narrative anticipation. And he suggest ways that game designers who want to craft novel game experiences can use an understanding of game uncertainty in its many forms to improve their designs.
Ultimate action : triple pack : Xbox 360.
Becoming a digital designer : a guide to careers in Web, video, broadcast, game and animation design
An introduction to writing for electronic media : scriptwriting essentials across the genres
Creative industries : Russian profile
Games and gamers : business and popularity
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Industry life-cycle theory in the cultural domain : dynamics of the games industry
Art unknown : raw diamonds from the frozen wasteland
The realm of games : how a small Nordic nation became an industry giant
The video game industry : formation, present state, and future
Viral marketing in a Finnish medium sized gaming company : discovering, analyzing and building an improved management process for viral marketing campaingns, case: Nitrogames
Proceedings of Digra Nordic 2012 : Local and global - games in culture and society
On the way to fun : an emotion-based approach to successful game design
A design approach on tactile gloves for commercial usage in the video game industry
The new industrial economics : recent developments in industrial organization, oligopoly and game theory
Handbook on the digital creative economy
Sunk costs and market structure : price competition, advertising, and the evolution of concentration
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Multichannel multimarket media services : dynamic media business models, value chains and ecosystems
Changing faces of game innovation : GaIn and GIIP research project report
Soundtrack nation : interviews with today's top professionals in film, videogame and television scoring
The playing Finn : stories on successful game development and music export
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
The gambler
Addiction by Design : machine gambling in Las Vegas
Change in tourism : people, places, processes
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
The quality of life in the Finnish game industry
The video game business
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Influence of grade one Zambian teachers and GraphoGame on initial literacy acquisition : Lusaka district
Abstract.
Process of Gamification : Gamifying a Tourism Concept
Sleeping dogs : definitive edition : Xbox One
Stock price reactions on M&A, dividends and game releases : evidence from gaming industry
Gamers at work : stories behind the games people play
Uncertainty in games
Online and face-to-face role-play simulations in promoting social work students  argumentative problem-solving
A practical guide to indie game marketing
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
"Interviews with some of the top online game pioneers of our times" .
Ultimate action : triple pack : PS3
"This volume explores current use of interactive communication (or eHealth) applications to promote behavior change. It focuses on the use of these technology-based interventions for public health promotion and disease prevention, takinga population-based approach. The chapters included herein provide overviews of key interactive health communication applications; present research examining a variety of technology-based applications, including computer, Internet, and mobile; and offer observations and reflections on this growing area, including dissemination of programs and future directions for the study of interactive health communication.Providing a timely and comprehensive review of current tools for health communication, eHealth Applications is a must-read for scholars, students, and researchers in health communication, public health, and health education"--Provided by publisher.
Internationalization, networks and industry related factors : the case of Finnish digital game industry
Playing to wiin : Nintendo and the videogame industry's greatest comeback
Play Finland : history of the Finnish video games industry
Business games for management and economics : learning by playing
From cultural tourism to creative tourism : proceedngs of the ATLAS international conference, Barcelona, 2005.. Part 3, Changing places - the spatial challenge of creativity
On the impact of computer science outreach events on K-12 students
The role of business model in computer game development organizations
Kids play : designing a touch screen game with children
Creating experiences in the experience economy
The political economy of online gambling in the European Union
Online game pioneers at work : interviews with some of the top online game pioneers of our times
The game of innovating a game : Homo Ludens as an entrepreneur
Opportunities of social media marketing for a game company
By gamers for gamers. This is the definitive guide for gaming for kids, fully updated for 2017. Features tips and tricks for gamers and interviews from gaming's biggest personalities, including game developers and pro-gamers. Learn how to dominate the biggest online multiplayer games, including LEGO Dimensions, LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens, No Man's Sky and Minecraft Story Mode. Find out facts and stats and unlock the rarest trophies and achievements in different game worlds. It also includes a definitive list of the fifty biggest games of the past year, and the ultimate guide to the fifty biggest games coming in 2017.
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
Scene it? : All new movie clips and trivia : PlayStation 3
The success factors of the Finnish mobile game industry : a strategic overview : cases Rovio & Supercell
Riot-on! : a painfully true story of Riot Entertainment 2000-2002
Creating critical gameplay : designing affective player experiences
The videogames industry is a key international cultural force, and game players are far more diverse than the traditional idea of 'toys for teenage boys'. Randy Nichols' study examines the processes of production, ties to other industries, and the nature of employment in the videogames industry.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Entertainment industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Game analytics among Finnish freemium developers
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
How visual artists find employment in the Finnish game industry
Humour in video games : play, comedy and mischief
Work-life balance in the Finnish game industry
Opportunities and challenges of financing a game start-up in Finland
eHealth applications : promising strategies for behavior change
