http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2595 spiders
spiders
50 really exotic pets : a fur-and-feather-free guide to the most lovable tarantulas, tortoises, snakes, frogs, lizards and other creatures
Activity of Finnish arachnologists during the second half of the 20th century is presented. About thirty persons are dealt with, and a selection of their publications is given. Differences in research subjects between universities can be found: in Helsinki mainly ecology and faunistics, in Jyväskylä behaviour studies, in Oulu faunistics, and in Turku taxonomy and systematics as well as ecology and faunistics..
Deadly pole to pole
"From the award-winning author of Hide Me Among the Graves, Last Call, Declare, and Three Days to Never, a phantasmagoric, thrilling, mind-bending tale of speculative fiction in which one man must uncover occult secrets of 1920s Hollywood to save his family. In the wake of their Aunt Amity's suicide, Scott and Madeline Madden are summoned to Caveat, the eerie, decaying mansion in the Hollywood hills in which they were raised. But their decadent and reclusive cousins, the malicious wheelchair-bound Claimayne and his sister, Ariel, do not welcome Scott and Madeline's return to the childhood home they once shared. While Scott desperately wants to go back to their shabby South-of-Sunset lives, he cannot pry his sister away from this haunted "House of Usher in the Hollywood Hills" that is a conduit for the supernatural.Decorated by bits salvaged from old hotels and movie sets, Caveat hides a dark family secret that stretches back to the golden days of Rudolph Valentino and the silent film stars. A collection of hypnotic eight-limbed abstract images inked on paper allows the Maddens to briefly fragment and flatten time - to transport themselves into the past and future in visions that are both puzzling and terrifying. Though their cousins know little about these ancient "spiders" which provoke unpredictable temporal dislocations, Ariel and Claimayne have been using for years - an addiction that has brought Claimayne to the brink of selfish destruction. As Madeline falls more completely under Caveat's spell, Scott discovers that to protect her, he must use the perilous spiders himself. But will he unravel the mystery of the Madden family's past and finally free them. or be pulled deeper into their deadly web?"--
Everything you need to know about bugs
Predacious spiders of crop pests
A natural history of spiders, and other curious insects, by Eleazar Albin, illustrated with fifty three copper plates, engraven by the best hands
A note on multispecies aggregative webs due to spiders (Araneae) escaping floods in Finland
A cosmopolitan spider, Smeringopus pallidus (Blackwall, 1858) (Araneae, Pholcidae), in an aquarium shop in Turku, Finland
Exotic pet handbook : a guide to buying, caring for and breeding unusual pets
Higher level phylogenetics of Erigonine spiders (Araneae, Linyphiidae, Erigoninae)
Spiderwebs and silk : tracing evolution from molecules to genes to phenotypes
The very busy spider
Spider silk : evolution and 400 million years of spinning, waiting, snagging, and mating
The natural history of spiders
Tarantulas : a complete introduction
The geographical range of the synanthropic spider Pholcus phalangioides is increasing. During the 15 years since its first documented occurrence in Finland, observations have accumulated substantially. Notably, a public inquiry in 2014 almost doubled the amount. Presently the total number of observations is 62, most of them from the southwestern parts of the country, the northernmost being from Pietarsaari (63°40' N).
Itsy bitsy spider
The adaptive significance of stabilimenta in orb-webs: a hierarchial approach
Spiders from the Virgin Islands
Platybunus pinetorum (Arachnida, Opiliones) new to Sweden
Identifying spiders : the new compact study guide and identifier
When lonely Miss Spider tries to host a tea party, the other bugs refuse to come for fear of being eaten!
In 2013 and 2015 several specimens of the opilionid Platybunus pinetorum (C.L. Koch, 1839) were found in Sweden in two different places almost 500 kilometers from each other. The species was not previously known in the country. The discovery initiated a survey of specimens reported as Rilaena triangularis (Herbst, 1799) on two Swedish web pages, in search for misidentified P. pinetorum. A further three specimens of the new species were found, indicating that it is already rather widespread in southern Sweden.
A relimitation and revision of the Australasian ground spider family Lamponidae (Araneae: Gnaphosoidea)
Spiders commonly found in Melbourne and surrounding regions
Walter's wonderful web : a book about shapes
Spiders : arachnophobia reigns
Need to know? : Exotic pets : expert advice on buying and caring for unusual pets
"Originally released as an online serial where it received more than 70,000 downloads, John Dies at the End has been described as a "Horrortacular", an epic of "spectacular" horror that combines the laugh out loud humor of the best R-rated comedy, with the darkest terror of H.P. Lovecraft. The book went on to sell an additional 60,000 copies in all formats. As the sequel opens, we find our heroes, David and John, again embroiled in a series of horrifying yet mind-bogglingly ridiculous events caused primarily by their own gross incompetence. The guys find that books and movies about zombies may have triggered a zombie apocalypse, despite a complete lack of zombies in the world. As they race against the clock to protect humanity from its own paranoia, they must ask themselves, who are the real monsters? Actually, that would be the shape-shifting horrors secretly taking over the world behind the scenes that, in the end, make John and Dave kind of wish it had been zombies after all. Hilarious, terrifying, engaging and wrenching, This Book Is Full of Spiders, the next thrilling installment, takes us for a wild ride with two slackers from the midwest who really have better things to do with their time than prevent the apocalypse. "--
The silken web : a natural history of Australian spiders
Succession in the spider communities of the forest floor after clear-cutting and prescribed burning
Baryphyma gowerense (Locket, 1965), Entelecara flavipes (Blackwall, 1834) and Rugathodes instabilis (O. P.-Cambridge, 1871) are reported for the first time in Finland. The first species was found by pitfall trapping on a wide aapa mire in Lapland and the two others by sweep netting on hemiboreal meadows on the Finnish south coast. The spider assemblages of the sites are described.
No dinner for Anansi
The synatropic Oecobius navus (Araneae: Oecobiidae) established indoors in southern Finland
Medusa's web : a novel
Spiders of the world
This book is full of spiders : seriously, dude, don't touch it
Condition-dependence of male sexual signalling in the drumming wolf spider Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata
Fear them no more : a compilation of spider stories
Insects & spiders
Fifteen years ago the cave spider Meta menardi (Latreille, 1804) was known in Finland in two locations only. Partly due to extensive search it is to date known from 20 sites, all however located in the south-westernmost parts of the country. M. menardi is known to prefer stable and relatively warm subterranean habitats. Our temperature data from a cave on the Åland Islands in Finland indicates that the populations of M. menardi on the northern limit of its distribution could be more cold tolerant than the previously studied populations in Central Europe. In this paper all known locations in Finland are mapped and presented in a table with habitat data. A note on the strategy for catching mosquitoes with the orb web is given and the possible importance of the prey-catching function of the orb web is briefly discussed..
Seasonal activity of boreal forest-floor spiders (Araneae)
Tarantulas as a new pet
First records of spiders (Araneae) Baryphyma gowerense (Locket, 1965) (Linyphiidae), Entelecara flavipes (Blackwall, 1834) (Linyphiidae) and Rugathodes instabilis (O. P.-Cambridge, 1871) (Theridiidae) in Finland
A revision of the South American spiders of the family Nemesiidae (Araneae, Mygalomorphae). Pt. 1, Species from Peru, Chile, Argentina, and Uruguay
Pictorial handbook on spiders of Sunderbans, West Bengal
Classification of the Cribellate spiders and some allied families, with notes on the evolution of the suborder Araneomorpha
The spiders of China
The book of the spider : from arachnophobia to the love of spiders
Tarantulas and scorpions : their care in captivity
Anansi and the bag of wisdom
Bugs and spiders
Spiders : the ultimate predators
Spiders of the Carolinas
Keys to the families of British spiders
Australian spiders (Araneae) : collection, preservation and identification
Relations between arthropod faunas of Northern Europe, Siberia and Central Asia. 3, Spiders
Biology of spiders
Jack and the giant spiderweb
Charlotte's web
The hatching
The fascinating world of spiders
Micaria lenzi and Clubiona juvenis (Araneae: Gnaphosidae, Clubionidae), two spider species new to the dune fauna of Finland
Harvesting ants and trap-door spiders : notes and observations on their habits and dwellings
I love bugs!
Opiliones new to Finland and an updated checklist
A guide to the common spiders of Illinois
Invertebrata enigmatica : giant spiders, dangerous insects, and other strange invertebrates in classic science fiction and fantasy
Spiderwatch in Southern Africa
A population of the cosmopolitan spider Smeringopus pallidus lived at least for ten years in an aquarium shop in Turku. This originally Afrotropical species is known in Europe only from the Netherlands.
Novelties to the Finnish spider fauna (Araneae) and notes on species having bitten man
Spider : everything you need to know about cool and unusual pets
Charlotte's Web
Higher-level relationships of the spider family Ctenidae (Araneae: Ctenoidea)
Spider populations in a subalpine birch forest
Barron's exotic pets handbook  : a family guide to buying, caring for, and breeding unusual pets
The private life of spiders
The spiders of Newfoundland
Studies on some spiders from Eastern Coastal Region of India
Sarah the Spider
Immune function, dominance and mating success in drumming mala wolf spiders Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata
British spiders : Vol. III
Mangora acalypha new to Finland, with notes on other araneid species spreading northwards (Araneae, Araneidae)
Find out about spiders
Anansi's journey : a story of Jamaican cultural resistance
National Audubon Society® field guide to North American insects and spiders
Spiders (Araneae) from West Greenland
Multispecies aggregative spider webs consisting mainly of linyphiids are reported from the municipality of Vörå in Finland. The dominant species were Erigone atra Blackwall, 1833 and Savignia frontata Blackwall, 1833 and most of these represented by males. The spider assemblage consisted of at least 13 species altogether. The reason for the aggregations was habitat disturbance caused by flooded cultivated fields.
A revision of the temperate South American and Australasian spiders of the family Anapidae (Araneae, Araneoidea)
Ripley's spiders and scary creepy crawlies : believe it or not!
Familiar insects and spiders
Tarantulas and other arachnids : everything about selection, care, nutrition, health, breeding, and behaviour
During the last ten years, the two rare spider species Micaria lenzi Bösenberg, 1899 (Gnaphosidae) and Clubiona juvenis Simon, 1878 (Clubionidae) have been found on coastal sand dunes and inland dunes near the coast in Finland. The findings are the northernmost ones in Europe, extending the known range of M. lenzi from southernmost Sweden northwards by almost 1000 kilometers.
The cave spider Meta menardi (Araneae, Tetragnathidae) - occurrence in Finland and notes on its biology
Close encounters with insects and spiders
A concise field guide to Indian insects and arachnids
Miss Spider's tea party
The really hairy scary spider
Spiders of Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh (Arachnida : Araneae)
Creepy-crawlies
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
British spiders : Vol. II
Finnish Opiliones have been studied as a part of the research programme of deficiently known and threatened forest species (PUTTE) since 2012. During the project, several species new to Finland have been found and some errors in former checklists Heinäjoki 1944, Stol 2007) discovered. Prior to the project, 12 Opiliones species were reported from Finland, the number now being 15. Here we present additions and changes with the updated checklist (Table 1.)..
Descriptions of several European and North-African spiders
Arachnology in Finland. 2.
Pholcus phalangioides in Finland (Araneae, Pholcidae)
A revision of the Australasian ground spiders of the families Ammoxenidae, Cithaeronidae, Gallieniellidae, and Trochanteriidae (Araneae: Gnaphosoidea)
Yuck's amazing underpants and, Yuck's scary spider
Cave life
Spiders of Britain & northern Europe
Mad about minibeasts!
A field guide to household bugs : it's a jungle in here
"This interdisciplinary study examines the cultural and historical significance of the Jamaican Anansi folktales. Anansi the spider is the trickster folk hero West African slaves transported to the Caribbean. He symbolizes key aspects of Afro-Caribbean culture and is celebrated as a vital link with an African past. Anansi stories, in which the small spider turns the tables on his powerful enemies through cunning and trickery, are now told and published worldwide. This original book traces Anansi's journey from West Africa to Jamaica, where he is celebrated as a national folk hero. Anansi survived a cultural metamorphosis and came to symbolize the resistance of the Jamaican people. Anansi's Journey begins by examining Anansi's roots in Ghana. It moves on to detail the changes Anansi underwent during the Middle Passage and his potential for inspiring tactics of resistance in a plantation context. It ends with an analysis of Anansi's role in postcolonial Jamaica, illustrating how he is interpreted as a symbol of individualism and celebrated as an emblem of resistance. With its broad historical sweep, tracing Anansi from Ghana through to his contested position in contemporary Jamaica, this book makes an important contribution to the ongoing debate about whether the slave trade transmitted or destroyed the culture of the enslaved."--Publisher's website.
"Fan favorite David Wong takes readers to a whole new level with this blistering sequel to the cult sensation John Dies at the End, soon to be a movie starring Paul Giamatti Originally released as an online serial where it received more than 70,000 downloads, John Dies at the End has been described as a "Horrortacular", an epic of "spectacular" horror that combines the laugh out loud humor of the best R-rated comedy, with the darkest terror of H.P. Lovecraft. The book went on to sell an additional 60,000 copies in all formats.As the sequel opens, we find our heroes, David and John, again embroiled in a series of horrifying yet mind-bogglingly ridiculous events caused primarily by their own gross incompetence. The guys find that books and movies about zombies may have triggered a zombie apocalypse, despite a complete lack of zombies in the world. As they race against the clock to protect humanity from its own paranoia, they must ask themselves, who are the real monsters? Actually, that would be the shape-shifting horrors secretly taking over the world behind the scenes that, in the end, make John and Dave kind of wish it had been zombies after all. Hilarious, terrifying, engaging and wrenching, This Book Is Full of Spiders, the next thrilling installment, takes us for a wild ride with two slackers from the midwest who really have better things to do with their time than prevent the apocalypse.  "--
Prior to 2005, the orb-web spider Argiope bruennichi (Scopoli, 1772) was unknown in the Finnish spider fauna. In 2005-2010, four specimens in three localities were found by laymen. In 2011, 13 specimens were observed in various parts of southern Finland. The sample sites are separated by long distances suggesting that A .bruennichi specimens are spread by anemochory, i.e. by ballooning. All the individuals were females. Two cocoons (egg sacks) constructed by one of the two females reared in captivity and one cocoon constructed outdoors by another female yielded live offspring....
The county distribution of Irish spiders, incorporating a revised catalogue of the species
Ground-dwelling spiders (Arachnida, Araneae) in fragmented old forests and surrounding managed forests in southern Finland
RSPB my first book of garden bugs
British spiders : Vol. I
Pelegrina Franganillo and other jumping spiders formerly placed in the genus Metaphidippus (Araneae: Salticidae)
Common spiders and other Arachnids of the Gambia West Africa
Taxonomic studies of some spiders from mangrove and semi-mangrove areas of Sundarban
Diary of a spider
Amazing insects : the secret world of invertebrates
Two specimens of Mangora acalypha (Walckenaer, 1802) were found in a rich pine fen in Hammarland on the Åland Islands in 2015. The possible connection of global climate change with five recently (within the last 15 years) recorded araneid species as new to Finland is discussed. These are, in addition to M. acalypha, Agalenatea redii (Scopoli, 1763), Argiope bruennichi (Scopoli, 1772), Larinioides sclopetarius (Clerck, 1757), Neoscona adianta (Walckenaer, 1802).
Spiders of Bendigo and Victoria's Box-Ironbark country
The big hairy secret
A field guide to ticks : prevention and treatment of Lyme disease and other ailments caused by ticks, scorpions, spiders, and mites
Spiders : a pocket companion
Spider research in the 21st century : trends and perspectives
Sarah the Spider : prima spiderina
Australian insects and spiders
Biodiversity of spiders
Increased number of observations and notes of offspring production in the invasive orb-web spider Argiope bruennichi (Scopoli, 1772) (Araneae; Araneidae) in Finland
Oecobius navus Blackwall has since 2003 been found in basements in Helsinki and other places in southern Finland. This tiny cosmopolitan spider species or any other member of its family hasn't previously been recorded in Finland or Fennoscandia..
A book of spiders
Illinois insects and spiders
