http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25942 clinical medicine
clinical medicine
Medicinal chemistry : an introduction
Evidence-based practice for occupational therapists
For the past few decades, technology has been touted as the cure for all of healthcare's ills, yet medicine stubbornly resisted computerization-- until now. Thanks largely to billions of dollars in federal incentives, healthcare has finally gone digital. Wachter examines healthcare at the dawn of its computer age, and shows how technology is changing care at the bedside. He questions whether government intervention has been useful or destructive-- and does so with clarity, insight, humor, and compassion.
Review of medical microbiology
Organ metabolism and nutrition : ideas for future critical care
Evaluation of macrophage-targeting PET tracers for imaging inflammation in atherosclerosis
Jawetz, Melnick & Adelberg's medical microbiology
Medicinal Chemistry
Clinical anatomy and physiology of exotic species : structure and function of mammals, birds, reptiles and amphibians
Tietz textbook of clinical chemistry
Textbook of biochemistry : with clinical correlations
Understanding the in vitro dissolution rate of glasses with respect to future clinical applications
Clinical chemistry : made easy
Physiological chemistry : laboratory directions
Sex and gender aspects in clinical medicine
Users' guides to the medical literature : a manual for evidence-based clinical practice
Clinical chemistry : fundamentals and laboratory techniques
Clinical applicability of MRI texture analysis
A classic text, Chamberlain's Symptoms and Signs in Clinical Medicine has been providing students and professionals with a detailed and well-illustrated account of the symptoms and signs of diseases affecting all the body systems since the first edition published in 1936. Now completely rewritten by a new team of authors selected for their experience and reputation in writing quality publications in their specialist fields, the 13th edition brings the title into line with current teaching and practice. Presented in full colour and illustrated with relevant images, this book provides a thorough lesson in diagnostic medicine, ensuring the reader is fully prepared to deal with the challenging process of differential diagnosis through a thorough knowledge of the central features of the conditions that they are likely to encounter.
"The success of the Apgar score demonstrates the astounding power of an appropriate clinical instrument. This down-to-earth book provides practical advice, underpinned by theoretical principles, on developing and evaluating measurement instruments in all fields of medicine. It equips you to choose the most appropriate instrument for specific purposes. The book covers measurement theories, methods and criteria for evaluating and selecting instruments. It provides methods to assess measurement properties, such as reliability, validity and responsiveness, and interpret the results. Worked examples and end-of-chapter assignments use real data and well-known instruments to build your skills at implementation and interpretation through hands-on analysis of real-life cases. All data and solutions are available online. This is a perfect course book for students and a perfect companion for professionals/researchers in the medical and health sciences who care about the quality and meaning of the measurements they perform"--Provided by publisher.
Advances in the investigation of psychological stress
Essentials of medical microbiology
Psychology aweigh! : a history of clinical psychology in the United Sates navy 1900-1988
Clinical reasoning in the health professions
Applied clinical nutrition of the dog and cat : a guide to Pedigree and Whiskas clinical diets in practice
Designing clinical research
Pathology and therapeutics for pharmacists : a basis for clinical pharmacy practice
Clinical Skills, Second Edition, is a practical and comprehensive guide to history taking, examination, and interpretation of results for medical students, junior doctors, and nurse practitioners. Written with wit and clarity, and packed with illustrations, this book will teach you how to join the dots between signs, symptoms, and diagnoses. This textbook sets out invaluable routines for the examination of each system, and includes chapters on interpreting chest x-rays and spot diagnosis. Over 500 line drawings and colour photographs give practical examples of core and advanced examination skills. Throughout the text, key points and tips dispense essential wisdom, while case studies help you to put theory into practice. This new edition of Clinical Skills is now more useful than ever in your preparation for finals. Each chapter ends with a short set of assesment questions and a section on how the system in question is tested in OSCEs. Even better, the chapter on finals has been expanded and updated to give more practical advice than ever before.
Professional judgment : a reader in clinical decision making
Thermographic imaging in cats and dogs : usability as a clinical method
Microbiology : a very short introduction
Suomen l채채ketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 6. vuositapaaminen Turun yliopistossa 16-17.8.2012 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) - 6th Joint meeting at the University of Turku, August 16-17, 2012, Turku, Finland
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Outcome assessment in advanced practice nursing
Emergencies in clinical radiology
Speech motor control : new developments in basic and applied research
18F-labeled presynaptic dopaminergic tracers : synthesis, radiochemical analyses, and preclinical evaluation of [18F]FDOPA and [18F]CFT
The Scandinavian journal of clinical & laboratory investigation
Guide of usual calculations for the veterinary practice = Guida di calcoli al solito per la practica veterinaria
Exercise physiology : theory and application to fitness and performance
The handbook of clinically tested herbal remedies. Vol. 2
Marks' basic medical biochemistry : a clinical approach
"This core textbook helps medical students bridge the gap between biochemistry, physiology, and clinical care. The strength of Mark's Basic Medical Biochemistry is that it starts with the patient--the metabolic and nutritional needs of the human body (easy for students to understand)--as opposed to explanations of complex chemical theory. Mark's Basic empahsizes clinical correlations throughout the text and links biochemical concepts to physiology and pathophysiology, using patient vignettes as the context. These specific and memorable mock patient cases are followed throughout the chapter to pose questions, illustrate core concepts, and help students remember and apply biochemical priniciples within the context of clinical practice"--Provided by publisher.
Clinical skills
Clinicopathologic principles for veterinary medicine
"This book provides a practical guide to planning, tabulating, formulating, and implementing clinical research, in an easy-to-use, readable presentation"--Provided by publisher.
Oxford handbook of clinical skills in adult nursing
Clinical chemistry and laboratory medicine : journal of the Forum of the European Societies of Clinical Chemistry, the European Branch of the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine
Tietz fundamentals of clinical chemistry
Clinical skills for nurses
Translational models of coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction and heart failure : development, validation and in vivo imaging studies using positron emission tomography
Tietz fundamentals of clinical chemistry and molecular diagnostics
"Written especially for exercise science and physical education students, this text provides a solid foundation in theory illuminated by application and performance models to increase understanding and to help students apply what they've learned in the classroom and beyond. "
The handbook of clinically tested herbal remedies. Vol. 1
The placebo effect in clinical practice
Harrison's neurology in clinical medicine
Foundations of clinical research : applications to practice
Evidence-based practice across the health professions
The Royal Marsden Hospital manual of clinical nursing procedures
Veterinary clinical examination and diagnosis
Henry's clinical diagnosis and management by laboratory methods
Ethics in clinical practice : an interprofessional approach
Stereotactic functional procedures in the treatment of essential tremor
Suomen l채채ketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 6. vuositapaaminen Turun yliopistossa 16.-17.8.2012 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) : 6th Joint meeting at the University of Turku, August 16-17, 2012, Turku, Finland
Essentials of Kumar & Clark's clinical medicine
"The streamlined companion to the classic Users' guides to the medical literature--fully updated and revised. This compact guide condenses the most clinically relevant content of the landmark Users' Guides to the Medical Literature to help you incorporate evidence-based medicine into your practice. You will learn the principles of evidence-based medicine, how your practice can benefit from the constant stream of new medical literature, and how to differentiate good medical evidence from bad. This edition includes several new chapters and a new emphasis on the role of patient preferences and preappraised resources.--Provided by publisher.
Medical biochemistry
Manual of clinical microbiology
Users' guides to the medical literature. Essentials of evidence-based clinical practice
Chamberlain's symptoms and signs in clinical medicine : an introduction to medical diagnosis
"This book presents a clear and precise discussion of the biochemistry of eukaryotic cells, particularly those of mammalian tissues, relates biochemical events at a cellular level to the subsequent physiological processes in the whole animal, and cites examples of abnormal biochemical processes in human disease. The organization and content are tied together to provide students with the complete picture of biochemistry and how it relates to human diseases"--Provided by publisher.
The handbook of adult clinical psychology : an evidence-based practice approach
Iodination with solid lactoperoxidase
Evidence-based practice for the helping professions : a practical guide with integrated multimedia
Bioinorganic chemistry : a short course
Rational diagnosis and treatment : evidence-based clinical decision-making
"The success of the Apgar score demonstrates the astounding power of an appropriate clinical instrument. This down-to-earth book provides practical advice, underpinned by theoretical principles, on developing and evaluating measurement instruments in all fields of medicine. It equips you to choose the most appropriate instrument for specific purposes. The book covers measurement theories, methods and criteria for evaluating and selecting instruments. It provides methods to assess measurement properties, such as reliability, validity and responsiveness, and interpret the results. Worked examples and end-of-chapter assignments use real data and well-known instruments to build your skills at implementation and interpretation through hands-on analysis of real-life cases. All data and solutions are available online. This is a perfect course book for students and a perfect companion for professionals/researchers in the medical and health sciences who care about the quality and meaning of the measurements they perform"-- Provided by publisher.
Clinical chemistry and laboratory medicine
EMG basics
Clinical research in Finland and Sweden : evaluation report
Cardiovascular health from childhood to adulthood : with special reference to early vascular changes : The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study
Illustrated textbook of clinical chemistry
Clinical epidemiology : how to do clinical practice research
The digital doctor : hope, hype, and harm at the dawn of medicine's computer age
Canadian journal of medical laboratory science
Oxford handbook of clinical medicine
Physiological functions of prostatic acid phosphatase
Essential clinical global health
Hutchison's clinical methods : an integrated approach to clinical practice
Clinical laboratory science
Kumar & Clark's clinical medicine
