http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25946 abstract algebra
abstract algebra
Since 1973, Galois Theory has been educating undergraduate students on Galois groups and classical Galois theory. In Galois Theory, Fourth Edition, Ian Stewart updates this textbook for today's algebra students. New to the Fourth Edition: the replacement of the topological proof of the fundamental theorem of algebra with a simple and plausible result from point-set topology and estimates that will be familiar to anyone who has taken a first course in analysis. revised chapter on ruler-and-compass constructions that results in a more elegant theory and simpler proofs, a section on constructions using an angle-trisector since it is an intriguing and direct application of the methods developed, a new chapter that takes a retrospective look at what Galois actually did compared to what many assume he did, updated references.
Ring theory
This is a unified treatment of the various algebraic approaches to geometric spaces. The study of algebraic curves in the complex projective plane is the natural link between linear geometry at an undergraduate level and algebraic geometry at a graduate level, and it is also an important topic in geometric applications, such as cryptography. 380 years ago, the work of Fermat and Descartes led us to study geometric problems using coordinates and equations. Today, this is the most popular way of handling geometrical problems. Linear algebra provides an efficient tool for studying all the first degree (lines, planes) and second degree (ellipses, hyperboloids) geometric figures, in the affine, the Euclidean, the Hermitian and the projective contexts. But recent applications of mathematics, like cryptography, need these notions not only in real or complex cases, but also in more general settings, like in spaces constructed on finite fields. And of course, why not also turn our attention to geometric figures of higher degrees? Besides all the linear aspects of geometry in their most general setting, this book also describes useful algebraic tools for studying curves of arbitrary degree and investigates results as advanced as the Bezout theorem, the Cramer paradox, topological group of a cubic, rational curves etc. Hence the book is of interest for all those who have to teach or study linear geometry: affine, Euclidean, Hermitian, projective; it is also of great interest to those who do not want to restrict themselves to the undergraduate level of geometric figures of degree one or two.
A first course in abstract algebra
Rings, fields and groups : an introduction to abstract algebra
Algebraic theory of automata networks : an introduction
Abstract algebra : an introduction to groups, rings and fields
A first course in abstract algebra with applications
An algebraic approach to geometry : geometric trilogy II
Elements of discrete mathematics
Basic commutative algebra
Abstract algebra : an introduction
Concrete abstract algebra : from numbers to Gröbner bases
Abstract Algebra: An Introduction is set apart by its thematic development and organization. The chapters are organized around two themes: arithmetic and congruence. Each theme is developed first for the integers, then for polynomials, and finally for rings and groups. This enables students to see where many abstract concepts come from, why they are important, and how they relate to one another. New to this edition is a "groups first" option that enables those who prefer to cover groups before rings to do so easily.
Galois theory
A first course in abstract algebra : rings, groups, and fields
