http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2598 herbaria
herbaria
A new illustrated British flora. Part 2, Ericaceaæ to Gramineæ
Flora of Australia. Volume 46, Iridaceae to Dioscoreaceae
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (7), Collectors : Tt/mZ
The pocket guide to wild flowers of the British Isles and Northern Europe
The herbarium handbook
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (4), Collectors : M
Flora of Australia. Volume 4, Phytolaccaceae to Chenopodiaceae
Herbarium of Christian Steven
Trees : Leaves, Bark and Fruit
The excursions of V. F. Brotherus in Central Asia in 1896 and his exsiccata "Musci Turkestanica"
Trees of the Northern United States and Canada
Botanisk atlas = Botanical atlas. Bind 2, Mosser, bregner, padderokker, ulvefødder, naaletræer, nedstamning = Mosses, ferns, conifers, horsetails, lycopods, phylogeny
Flora of Australia. Volume 2, Winteraceae to Platanaceae
Encyclopedia of water plants
Nordic lichen flora. Vol. 2, Physciaceae
Tropical and subtropical trees : a worldwide encyclopaedic guide
Accessions to the Botanical museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 1999.
Nordic lichen flora. Vol. 3, Cyanolichens
A new herball. Vol. 2 : parts II and III
Plants of western Oregon, Washington & British Columbia
The Hamlyn photographic guide to the wild flowers of Britain & Northern Europe
A new herball. [Vol. 1] : part I
Collins new generation guide to the wild flowers of Britain and Northern Europe
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (1), Collectors : A-D
Catalogue of the Hedwig-Schwägrichen Herbarium (G) d Michelle J. Price. Part 1, Type material and a review of typifications for the Hedwig moss names
Guide to orchids of North America
Great natural history books and their creators
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 1, The herbaria of the world
Flora of Australia. Volume 44A, Poaceae 2
Flora : the Erbario miniato and other drawings. Vol. 2
Field guide to the wild plants of the Benelux
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (3), Collectors : I-L
The Hillier colour dictionary of trees and shrubs
Flora of west tropical Africa
Wild flowers of Britain & Northern Europe
Flora of Australia. Volume 57, Lichens 5
Guide to the flora of Malta
Flora of Australia. Volume 56A, Lichens 4
The genus Gentiana
Flora of Australia. Volume 58A, Lichens 3
Flora of Australia. Volume 3, Hamamelidales to Casuarinales
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (5), Collectors : N-R
The East Anglian Flora
Neues Blumenbuch = New book of flowers
Trees of Britain & Europe
Index of collectors whose speciments are part of Edv. Aug.Vainio's lichen herbarium (TUR-V)
Botanica magnifica : portraits of the worlds most extraordinary flowers and plants
New flora of the British Isles
Flora of the Azores : a field guide
Flora of Australia. 54, Lichens : Introduction, Lecanorales 1.
A field guide to Rocky Mountain wildflowers : from northern Arizona and New Mexico to British Columbia
Fieldbook of native Illinois shrubs
Flowers of Europe : a field guide
The vascular plant collections of John Macoun in Algonquin provincial park, Ontario
Edvard August Vainio's types in TUR-V and other herbaria
The sibley guide to trees
Wildflowers of the Pacific Northwest
Polish herbaria
The Old English herbarium and medicina de quadrupedibus
Orchids of Britain and Europe
Field guide to the wild flowers of Britain
Encyclopaedia of trees and shrubs
Flora of Australia. Volume 55, Lichens - Lecanorales 2, Parmeliaceae
Contributions to the flora of the Canary Islands
Conifers : the illustrated encyclopedia
Lichens : an illustrated guide
Field guide to the moist forest trees of Tanzania
Flora of Australia. Volume 39, Alismatales to Arales
The flora of Lincolnshire
A floral guide for East Kent, etc : being a record of the habitats of indigenous plants found in the eastern division of the county of Kent, with thouse of Faversham particularly detailed, and defininitely exhibited. Together with brief remarks on the uses of the several species in rural or domestic econony..
Flora of Australia. Volume 51, Mosses 1
Accessions to the Botanical museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 1998.
Manual of cultivated conifers
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (2), Collectors : E-H
100 shrubs of Ontario
The plant-book : a portable dictionary of the vascular plants utilizing Kubitzki's The families and genera of vascular plants (1990-), Cronquist's An integrated system of classification of flowering plants (1981) and current botanical literature arranged largely on the principles of editions 1-6 (1896/97-1931) of Willis's A dictionary of the flowering plants and ferns
Flora of West Tropical Africa : the british west african territories, Liberia, the french and portuguese territories south of latitude 18 n. to Lake Chad and Fernando Po
Culpepeper's colour herbal
Floristic checklist of the Mache-Chindul Mountains of northwestern Ecuador
Great books and book collectors
Index xyloriorum : institutional wood collections of the world
Nordic lichen flora. Vol. 1, Introductory parts, Calicioid lichens and fungi
History of botany : two papers presented at a symposium held at the William Andrews Clark Memorial Library, December 7, 1963. [1-2], Herbals, their history and significance
A new illustrated British flora. Part 1, Lycopodiaceæ to Salicaceæ W. Butcher
Alpine flowers of Britain and Europe
The coralline red algal herbarium of Mikael Foslie : revised catalogue with analyses
The concise British flora in colour
Trees : a field guide to the trees of Britain and northern Europe
The aloes of South Africa
Identifying trees : an all-season guide to Eastern North America
Flora of the British Isles
Flowers of the field
British flowers in colour
Introduction to British lichens
