http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25905 furniture design
furniture design
Expomueble : annual of furniture innovations. 6, Juvenil = Children's furniture
Sourcebook of modern furniture
The many forms of Finnish wood
The ornamental designs of Chippendale = Dessins' d'ornement du style Chippendale : from the Gentleman and cabinet-maker's director 1762 = de Gentleman and cabinet-maker's director 1762
Expomueble : annual of furniture innovations. 1, Comedores = dining rooms
Architektenmöbel : von Aalto bis Zumthor = Furniture by architects : from Aalto to Zumthor
The life and work of Harry Bertoia : the man, the artist, the visionary
Furniture & interiors of the 1960s
Modern British furniture : design since 1945
Achille Castiglioni : complete works
The furniture of Carlo Mollino
Industrial chic : 50 icons of furniture and lighting design
Is Inspired by Design a Copyright Infringement?
The home and ts furnishings
Finlandia : European designer furniture book
"Flight" sofa and armchair
White fusion
Icelandic contemporary design : furniture, product design, architecture
Twentieth-century furniture design
Star design uncovered : creation of a branding tool for product and furniture designers
Finnish design yearbook 2014-2015
Makepeace : a spirit of adventure in craft & design
The impression of finishing : colors, textures and patterns
Sara Kristoffersson's compelling study provides the first sustained critical history of IKEA. Kristoffersson argues that the company's commercial success has been founded on a neat alignment of the brand with a particular image of Swedish national identity – one that is bound up with ideas of social democracy and egalitarianism - and its material expression in a pared-down, functional design aesthetic. Employing slogans such as "Design for everyone" and "Democratic design", IKEA signals a rejection of the stuffy, the 'chintzy', and the traditional in both design practices and social structures. Drawing on original research in the IKEA company archive and interviews with IKEA personnel, Design by IKEA traces IKEA's symbolic connection to Sweden, through its design output and its promotional materials, to examine how the company both promoted and profited from the concept of Scandinavian Design.
Corner joint for furniture
Allgemeine Entwurfsanstalt with Trix and Robert Haussmann : furniture for Röthlisberger Kollektion
Bruno Mathsson
Behind the scenes : stories from the design industry
Detail : contemporary architectural design. 1
Eames design : Charles and Ray Eames
This thesis concerns the design of a corner joint for furniture. Various joints, as well as the methods used in the design are described in the theoretical part. One of the design goals was to clarify what possibilities 3D printing and design have when manufacturing a corner joint. The main purpose was to design a corner joint for furniture. The research questions included: is 3D printing suitable for manufacturing a corner joint piece? How suitable is a corner joint piece when creating different kinds of furniture? Is it possible to assemble different furniture by using a designed corner joint piece? The design process and how the design process proceeded is explained, along with how and why the results were obtained. The thesis describes how the prototype of the corner joint was manufactured and the challenges that 3D printing presents. The used design methods were brainstorming, mind maps, the Golden ratio, and iterative design. The researched joints were traditional woodworking joints, structural joints and Japanese joints. This thesis researches if 3D printing is suitable for manufacturing corner joints for furniture. It also evaluates how a well-designed corner joint for furniture can be used when assembling different furniture. 3D printing is a suitable yet slow and quite expensive method. 3D printed corner pieces are not very durable. The corner piece is suitable for creating different furniture. It is also possible when assembling different furniture when using corner joint pieces.
Visual furniture : design or fashion : a study on visual presentations of furniture
The woodworkerś guide to furniture design : the complete reference for building furniture the right size, the right proportion and the right style
Use of static eigenmodes in mechanical design
Working nomads
Charles Rennie Mackintosh as a designer of chairs
Robin & Lucienne Day : pioneers of modern design
For how long does it take to be assembled?
The Herman Miller Collection : furniture designed by George Nelson and Charles Eames, with occ. pieces by Isamu Noguchi, Peter Hvidt and O.M. Nielsen
Rethink about "timeless"
Design on a dime
Less is more
Chairs by architects
Dogs and chairs : designer pairs
Furniture by architects
"Industrial-style furniture is in fashion--bistro tables and chairs, lockers, mail sorting racks, and jointed lamps are all common elements in today's interior design. In the book Industrial Chic, Brigitte Durieux, one of the most well-known experts on the style, tells us the story behind 50 European and American objects that have made the surprising transition from factories to our living rooms and become cult furniture. The remarkable histories of these 50 significant objects--including the Gras lamp, the Singer stool, the Holophane reflector, the Brillie clock, and more--accompany brilliant photographs by Laziz Hamani. Featuring more than 250 images, Industrial Chic is a beautifully illustrated showcase that reveals the incredible reach, versatility, and long-lasting appeal of industrial design"--
Participatory work station design
Design by IKEA : a cultural history
"Magic Room" by Yrjö Kukkapuro in Zagreb
Habitare, the Helsinki furniture and interior fair
Finmar Limited
Danske stole = Danish chairs
Furnitecture : furniture that transforms space
New furniture. 2
Guerilla furniture design : how to build lean, modern furniture with salvaged materials
Master thesis 2014 [sic]
Eero Saarinen : furniture for everyman
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe : furniture and furniture drawings from the design collection and the Mies van der Rohe Archive : the Museum of Modern Art
Dysthe design : swinging 60
Architects' designs for furniture
Co-Co : design for modularity
Furniture repertory
International furniture design : The Award-winning entries of international furnional furniture design
Design after modernism : furniture and interiors 1970-2010
Permission to Touch
Habitare - top ten
Thomas Heatherwick : making [ideas]
Monica Förster - lateral thinking : furniture, objects, industrial design
Expomueble : annual of furniture innovations. 2, Dormitorios = bedrooms
Scandinavian design : furniture & architecture
Homes : two possibilities
Sheraton furniture
Applied visualization of structural behavior in furniture design
Uncovering treasures : approaching sustainability through renovation in interior design
Chinesism in modern furniture design : the chair as an example
Please be seated !.
Masters & their pieces : best of furniture design
Furniture by architects : international masterpieces of twentieth-century design and where to buy them
Vladimir Kagan : a lifetime of avant-garde design
Grey field : search for an intermediate solution on the field of seating
What does design expose? : a comparative study of Finnish modern furniture and Chinese Ming-style furniture
Space frame furniture : a furniture series, based on engineering structures, using 8mm steel rod
Meubles d'en France = French furniture industry
Traditional furniture projects
Focusing on design ingenuity, Modern British Furniture pinpoints the most inventive British designers and companies from 1945 to the present - from early postwar pioneers such as Ernest Race, Robin Day and Robert Heritage, to iconoclastic figures such as Peter Murdoch, William Plunkett and Max Clendinning, to today's global superstars led by Tom Dixon, Ron Arad and Jasper Morrison. Exploring the free-spirited and resourceful character of British design, this is a story of entrepreneurs who spearheaded their own companies - Lucian Ercolani at Ercol, Terence Conran at Habitat and Rodney Kinsman at OMK, among others - and the creative alliances between impassioned individuals and enlightened manufacturers, such as Frank Guille at Kandya. The book also looks at collaborations with international companies and foreignborn designers, such as El Ultimo Grito, who have adopted the UK as their base and injected further variety and spice into British furniture design.
The woodworker's guide to furniture design : the complete reference for building furniture : the right size, the right proportion and the right style
Green home Tuscany
Designing furniture : from concept to shop drawing : a practical guide
The story of Finnish wood
Furniture Design Connections : Mechanical, Cultural and Symbolic Communications
Postwar interior design: 1945-1960
The best tables, chairs, lights : innovation and invention in design products for the home
Claesson Koivisto Rune : architecture / design
FAQ : aesthetics of collective experience
Contemporary design Africa
Charles and Ray Eames
Charles Rennie Mackintosh : the complete furniture, furniture drawings & interior designs
Creative tools
European cabinetry : design and construction
Marketing plan for the typical Finnish furniture enterprise to enter the Russian market
