http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25981 branding
branding
"Brand/Story: Cases and Explorations in Fashion Branding, Second Edition examines how a retailer, manufacturer, or designer label uses storytelling to grab a consumer's interest. For consumers, branding tells the story and creates the identity for a product, a person, and a company. Using 10 case studies on such notable brands as Levis and Vivienne Westwood, Brand/Story looks at what a fashion brand is about and why companies advertise the way they do. It enables the reader to think critically about branding-both the medium and the message-and not simply take advertisements and brands at face value.New to this edition: ̃Features 7 new brands including LuluLemon, Warby Parker, MAC Cosmetics and Topshop/Topman Õver 40 new color images including advertisements for Ralph Lauren, Vera Wang, and Dolce & Gabbana Ũpdated interviews with industry professionals including Nancy Mair, General Merchandise Manager, Burlington Stores and Jill Walker-Roberts, President of Walker-Roberts Consulting"--
Human Resource Policies Affect Company's Brand Image in Food & Beverage Service of Vietnam
Personal Branding of Elite Football Players through Social Media
Improving the performance of sponsorship
Finnish nature branded : promoting Finland through Visit Finland's website
Industrial branding using digital media : case: The Switch
Better service, better Karma : using service design to promote brand tribalism for Karma Studio
Value finding process of commodity products in B2B sales.
Development of brand identity for dairy farm "Newco Dubrava"
How to make a nation : a Monocle guide
Branding in a competitive marketplace
Identifying and Improving the image of Vietnam Tourism as a Tourism destination among Finnish tourist
The new emerging market multinationals : four strategies for disrupting markets and building brands
Social media in international brand communication of SMEs : a multiple case study of small Finnish design-intensive companies
The significance of differentation in a cluster of industries
Strategic brand analysis for ethnic Nepalese restaurant
Developing the brand identity for Index Kosova
Marketing and Branding for SME's
"A real-world guide to mobile marketing from the head of digital initiatives at Saatchi & Saatchi worldwideThe future of marketing is mobile, with seventy-five percent of the world's population having access to a mobile phone and the average American spending 82 minutes per day using her phone for activities other than talking. To traditional marketers unfamiliar with the special challenges of mobile marketing, this territory feels complicated and even frightening. Mobile Magic provides a bird's-eye view of the process of creating great mobile marketing from one of the world's most experienced and successful practitioners"--
Brands in glass houses : how to embrace transparency and grow your business through content marketing
Brands and branding
Brand journalism
Museum branding : how to create and maintain image, loyalty, and support
A branding guideline in business-to-business context : case: Company X
Museum branding : redefining museums for the 21st century : selected papers from the ICOM MPR 2014 conference
Well-being and wellness are constantly growing trends in modern society, due to demanding and hectic lifestyle. People are seeking phycishal and mental well-being now while traveling as well. Well-being tourism is growing globally. Well-being is higly individual and can include several different activities, such as different treatments, relaxing, nature, healthy food and exercising. Well-being tourism has been listed as a part of Finland's tourism strategy. However, this paper focuses to the city of Naantali, located in southwestern Finland, and does the city have suitable frames and potential to success as a well-being travel destination. Research is based on academic literature and two surveys. Based on research can be stated that Naantali does have suitable frames for developing well-being tourism and services. Also local entrepreneurs possess positive attitudes towards well-being tourism and that well-being tourism would benefit the local businesses. Challenge is how to bring together the shattered provision, and how the travelers would find the existing well-being services. Well-being would be a beneficial adding to already existing Naantali- brand. It would guarantee competitiveness in the travel industry, attract new visitors and for example extend the travel season.
BRAND DEVELOPMENT IN CHINESE TEA MARKET : Case Company: Lipton
Internal brand enhancement : case: The Copper Pig Bbq House
Marketing and branding for SME's
Brand development process in the digital age : case: S-Pankki
The only book you will ever need on branding to start, run and grow your business
Branding and Visual Identity for a Music-Themed Cafe
An internal stakeholder analysis of the Sintrol Oy Dust corporate brand
Delicious branding : restaurants, dessert shops, cafes
Place branding and marketing : case city of Tampere
Brand desire : how to create consumer involvement and inspiration
Brand Management in Business-to-Business Context : Relational Perspective
The main objective of this study was to develop a brand identity for a nonprofit organization called Osallistuvat Nuoret ry. The case organization was established in August 2012 and is currently on a start-up phase.  Furthermore the study will provide guidelines for both internal and external management of the organization's brand. Another objective was to distinguish the factors differentiating the case organization's brand from other similar organizations. This study was carried out during the fall of 2012. The theoretical framework chosen for this study was based on such acknowledged authors as Aaker, D., Gad, T., Ind, N., Kapferer, J.N., Keller, K. and Kotler, P. Various articles from contemporary business journals and periodical were also reviewed to investigate the concept of branding in-depth.  In order to implement valid and reliable research methods and structures such authors were reviewed as Ghauri, P., Grønhaug, K., Saunders, M., Lewis, P. and Thornhill, A. The study was conducted by using a qualitative research method. Data was gathered through a focus group session and individual interviews. There was held one group session and four individual interviews altogether. The interviews took place in the end of September 2012 and included the volunteers and management of the case organization. The results of the interviews were analyzed through the theoretical framework resulting in a clear brand identity and brand guidelines. Additionally, the analysis of the interviews allowed a thorough insight on the organization's services, industry characteristics, different target groups, competitive advantages, mission, vision, values and communication of the brand.
60-minute brand strategist : the essential brand book for marketing professionals
The role of branding in the corporate strategy : case Outokumpu
Mobile magic : the Saatchi and Saatchi guide to mobile marketing
Employee Brand Advocacy : Case: The Marketing Agency Expression Ltd.
Snæfellsnes as a brand : a study in regional brand identity
The role of corporate branding in today's start-up context : a study of five Finnish start-up companies
Rethinking place branding : comprehensive brand development for cities and regions
Developing a business plan for a company in Finland owned by foreigners. Case: Prime Sails Ltd
Well-being tourism in Naantali : rebranding a travel destination
Concept Design for a Fitness Center
Consumer culture : selected essays
Urban tourism in Istanbul : urban regeneration, mega-events and city marketing and branding
Branding in a Competitive Marketplace discusses core issues in brand management-the concept of brand, its value, and its strategic management. It also covers brand extension, brand positioning, brand acquisition, and brand valuation and divestment as well as new models for successfully managing brands in a competitive business environment.
Sustainable brands may have started as 'doing less harm', but brands today are supported by over a decade of phenomenal changes in sustainability. Today's sustainable brands are looking for the holy grail of sustainability -- a fusion of products and branding that can actually drive sustainability and also grow the business top line. This guide by sustainable brand expert Henk Campher is the model for building a sustainable brand that will help you get there.
Selling the silver bullet : the lone ranger and transmedia brand licensing
“Surprise and delight” is a customer service tactic used by brands to ensure customer loyalty, such as MasterCard’s “Priceless Surprises” campaign, which rewarded uses with unexpected gifts. The challenge for brands is to keep creating these incentives that are continually innovative and attention retaining. On the other hand, surprise can also work the other way, such as when a brand’s product gets unexpectedly adopted/used by a large group of people. Branding expert Thomas Gad argues that a brand’s success lies in its ability to quickly and nimbly respond to this surprise. He expertly reviews the considerations when devising brand strategy that introduces an element of newness and interest into customer interactions. He uses case studies from that have continually achieved this, including Apple, Starbucks, Virgin, LEGO, IKEA, Google, Uber, GoPro, Instagram, and adidas."
Rebranding as a way to boost sales
Designing the brand identity in retail spaces
Role of Social Media for Cosmetic Surgery
A netnographic study of how professionals perceive personal branding in LinkedIn
Employer branding
Developing a Graphic Solution for the Packaging Design of a Line of Food Products
Without design, the "brand identity" is just a name, sometimes paired with a statement that enumerates the values of the company. It is two-dimensional when written down or printed. The task for the retail designer is to turn that name or statement into a three-dimensional environment in which consumers may interact with the brand's product or services. Designing the Brand Identity in Retail Spaces is a casebook that shows and tells how architects and store designers have tackled that challenge. With nearly 300 examples from 48 renowned brands from around the world, this book examines every stage of a brand's "lifetime," from inception to show room. Cases run the retail gamut, including restaurants, department stores, and luxury brands. Each case is paired with analysis and interviews with brand managers and designers, guiding the reader through the entire design process. Easy to read and replete with stunning illustrations, this is the perfect primer for students and young professionals creating brand identities in their retail design.
Branding and Integrating Marketing Communications to Strengthen Brand : case: Bank X
This unique book focuses upon service design, including retail and multi-channel marketing matters pertinent to the current age where physical contact with consumers has resurfaced as an enduring part of the marketing and branding landscape - complementary to online and virtual worlds.
Consumer attitudes towards a corporate brand : case Lumenor Oy
Brand rituals : how successful brands bond with customers for life
This study is about a service design project commissioned by Karma Studio, a Turku-based private yoga studio specialized in ashtanga yoga. The main goal of the work was to design Karma Studio services and products that promote brand tribalism to current and potential customers. In order to determine how the client organization could do this, current and potential customers had to be determined and the Karma Studio brand defined. First, observation and participation were used to create a SWOT analysis about tribe potential. Two different surveys were used to research existing and potential customers and their attitudes about yoga and different local service providers. These methods gave a good overview of what was being examined and helped co-create the spring 2016 schedule. Next a group interview was arranged in order to gather more insights about loyal customers, and on the basis of the research three personas were created to depict members of the brand tribe. Brand definition was done by arranging a brand workshop after which tribal linking values were determined and a brand code was created as a tool to detail the core essence of the brand. With the help of a customer journey map, brand code and results from the research conducted so far, a service blueprint of a developed service scenario featuring the three personas was produced. Development concepts presented in the blueprint were designed to promote brand tribalism, and they included ideas about the storefront, space, staff, class content, online communications, merchandise, collaboration and events. It was concluded that some early forms of Karma Studio tribalism already exist, and that service design can offer ways to support its development further. While some of the development ideas were left as suggestions, others were taken further in the design process into the creation stage. A collection of these tools and ideas were presented to the commissioner at the end of the project, and there hasbeen an interest to further develop, test and launch some of the suggestions.
The better mousetrap : brand invention in a media democracy
Hello, My Name Is Awesome : How to Create Brand Names That Stick
Brand Identity : Case Growl Partnership Oy
Perceptions of Students of Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences on the Brand of Fazer Food Services
This thesis was made as a case study for a Finnish company that operates internationally around the world. The company produces various paper products. The objective of the thesis was to find out successful ways of marketing and branding bulk products. Moreover, the thesis represents four successful cases of bulky product branding strategies and benchmarks to them. Bulk products, or in other words commodities, are products that are often traded in bulk amounts and produced worldwide by several different producers (see specific definitions of the most used words in glossary). This thesis was conducted as a desktop study. To achieve the desired outcome, the theory was structured by finding information from both literally and from Internet sources. The theory has been examined from multiple sources and viewpoints and brought into practice by benchmarking to four successful case studies. The case studies represent four real-life cases of commodity marketing: wine, toilet paper, water and coffee. Afterwards a cross-case analysis represents the main points that lead the companies or brands to success. According to the benchmarked cases, humor in branding, design, exclusiveness and cooperation with partners are the factors that make commodity marketing successful. The results state, that commodity products can be marketed and branded in a relatively similar way, as normal goods. The final part of the thesis represents concrete suggestions on how the case company could proceed in order to reach their goals. The suggestions cover humor usage, cooperation with partners (such as famous designers, bakeries, catering companies), focus on packaging and layout. The main findings of the study show that there is an enormous amount of information available and unfortunately, a clear path cannot be found. Commodity marketing, as marketing itself is a wide topic and every brand needs to find their own way of doing it, in order to differentiate from the others and be successful. The provided results are seen to be practical and give some ideas for the case company.
Brand/story : cases and explorations in fashion branding
In Strategic Brand Management, Alexander Chernev, professor of marketing at the renowned Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, lays out a systematic approach to understanding the key principles of building enduring brands. This book presents a cohesive framework for brand management that delineates the unique role of brands as a means of creating market value. Topics covered include designing effective brand strategy and tactics, developing a brand value proposition, managing brand portfolios, cobranding, brand repositioning, brand extensions, brand valuation, and the legal aspects of protecting the brand.
Multi-channel marketing, branding and retail design : new challenges and opportunities
Setting the stage for a memorable experience : customer experiences from KWH Mirka's on-site training
With globalization, the marketplace is becoming increasingly complex for marketers to navigate, bringing dramatic changes to both the supply (i.e., brands that are offered) and demand (i.e., consumers' values and desires) sides of markets. A proliferation of global brands from developed and emerging economies brings diverse cultures to a consumer population that is also growing culturally diverse. Torelli illustrates how marketers can take advantage of these seismic changes and leverage cultural equity for building iconic brands in the era of globalization. Drawing from novel theoretical insights into social psychology, cultural psychology, and marketing, Globalization, Culture, and Branding provides guidelines for imbuing brands with culturally symbolic meanings that can create deep psychological bonds with multi-cultural consumers. Unlike past publications that conducted broad reviews of international or global marketing best-practices, Torelli's book zooms in on the issues involved in growing and protecting brand equity in multi-cultural markets.
Build your own brand  : strategies, prompts and exercises for marketing yourself
A value co-creation perspective on Customer-Based Brand Equity model for tourism destinations : a case from Sweden
Personal branding and political marketing : action research study about a candidate in the Finnish parliamentary elections
Analysis of Sicily’s Tourism Industry and Destination Marketing
Education as Finland's hottest export? : a multi-faceted case study on Finnish national education export policies
Marketing for growth : the role of marketers in driving revenues and profits
Myths and brands in vocational education
How to attract non-native Finns to the home games of Hockey-Team Vaasan Sport
This thesis is conducted for Outokumpu Oyj. Outokumpu is among the companies that have recognized the possibilities of branding in the business and industrial markets. The topic for the research derived from the complex situation in the corporation: Outokumpu's future strategic aspiration was announced in August 2004 and the new organizational structure of the Group became effective on April 2005. However, the Outokumpu brand –related elements were not considered in these strategic changes. The purpose of this study is to determine the role of branding in Outokumpu's corporate strategy. The objectives of the report are to explore the present situation at Outokumpu related to both themes: find out whether there are elements to create a viable corporate strategy and corporate brand, define how the corporate strategy is implemented in the various functions of the corporation, and identify the brand's influence on the corporate strategy and day-to-day activities. The scope of the research is on the development of the resources and core competencies of an organization from the strategy viewpoint and integration of the brand and branding into this strategic process. The research was carried out in Spring 2005 by using qualitative research methods. The primary data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews of a number of key persons in the Outokumpu Group and by benchmarking three selected peer companies of Outokumpu. The results of the research reveal that the elements for establishing the viable corporate strategy as well as the brand are missing at Outokumpu. The negative attitude towards branding-related issues hinders the brand orientation in the Group. The corporate brand should be valued as a strategic resource of the company and branding should have a role in the strategy formulation.
Creating a sustainable brand : a guide to growing the sustainability top line
The role and importance of personal branding in career development
Winkreative design stories : a global view on branding, design and publishing
Customer experience branding : driving engagement through surprise and innovation
Tampere - All Bright! Ambassador network - an international place branding tool
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
Branding and marketing of bulky products: case study for a case company
Social media branding for small business : the 5-sources model : a manifesto for your branding revolution
Guide to fashion entrepreneurship : the plan, the product, the process
The money-raising nonprofit brand : motivating donors to give, give happily, and keep on giving
The challenges of MNC employer branding in emerging markets : a case study from Hungary and China
New luxury management : creating and managing sustainable value across the organization
The emergence of social media as one of the driving forces of consumers online experiences today also challenges our current understanding on marketing and brand management. The effects of brands social media involvement are to this day uncertain. Severin Dennhardt shows that social media and user-generated brands do have a strong influence on brands. Four independent studies demonstrate that successful brands can be created in virtual worlds, user-generated content drives the creation of unique brands, social media strongly influences the social value perception of brands, and social media impacts consumers purchase decision process. Contents User-Generated Brands The Value-Enhancing Role of Social Networks Around Brands The Impact of User-Interactions in Social Media on Brand Awareness and Purchase Intention Target Groups Researchers and students in the fields of marketing and brand management Executives in this area.
This thesis aims to conduct a research on the current international brand image of a successful mid-size company. The research was to be done in relation to a potential resignation of the founder CEO and its possible effect on the brand image. The focus of the research is Living it Loving it Ltd, an event management and consultancy company based in the UK. With offices in Plymouth, UK, and Las-Vegas, USA, the case company has established itself as one of the leaders in the field. With the help of the CEO, Living it Loving it has acquired some high-profile clients and showed rapid expansion over the last two years. However, the possible effects of the CEO's retirement plans on the international brand image were unknown. The theoretical framework is based on a wide variety of literature on branding. The works and models of the most renowned contributors in the field have been referred to throughout the research, including Kapferer's brand identity prism (2008), Aaker's brand identity planning model (1996) and Keller's sources of brand knowledge (2003). The leadership succession framework is based on the 3-step planning process introduced by Goldsmith & Carter (2009). The case study research method was chosen to collect the necessary data. Top managers of some of the case company's largest clients were asked to fill in the survey in March 2013. The goal of the survey was to measure the current brand image among international clients, estimate the degree of the implications if the CEO decided to leave Living it Loving it. The results of the research showed that the current international brand image is very positive and aligned with the desired brand identity that the case company is trying to project. It was also revealed that the CEO has a significant impact on the brand image and his potential departure may result in loss of business. The researcher presented suggestions to help minimize the adverse effects of CEO succession.
Spike your brand ROI : how to maximize reputation and results
Corporate branding in Facebook fan pages : ideas for improving your brand value
Brand owners' awareness of brand integrity
Globalization, culture and branding : how to leverage cultural equity for building iconic brands in the era of globalization
Storytelling as a branding tool in social media
Strategic brand management
How should companies use employer branding in order to attract student and graduate applications?
Social media branding provides the thinking, evidence, and practice to create a road map for practitioners in small businesses to develop and implement their brand in online and offline communities. It provides a start point because one of the biggest issues for small businesses is where to start. I have talked to so many business practitioners who don't like the idea of social media. Often, they say: "We can't do that because of the legal implications!" Or, "We will have to employ more people and we don't have the resources."
Rethinking luxury : how to market exclusive products and services in an ever-changing environment
Abstract: The aim of this thesis was to find out whether employer branding is a necessary action every organisation should take to attract more job applicants, or is it just a current fashion invented by the Human Resources professionals. Besides investigating the general necessity of the concept, this research also gives recommendations to a company called Triodor Software about needed actions to increase the quality and quantity of their job applicants. The need for this research aroused when current literature did not show any empirical evidence about what is actually attracting job seekers to apply for work in certain companies. A company called Triodor Software needed advice in attracting more and more talented job applicants, and the research aimed to help to find out whether employer branding is the solution. A critical review of the current literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was distributed to the job applicants of Triodor Software to answer the research questions. The results revealed that a globally or nationally known company might have the potential to attract job applicants without any specific employer branding actions. In a case of a more unfamiliar company in the local labour market however employer branding can be the key action to attract more job applicants. However, the research showed that different people represents different opinions and desires, and therefore a combination of employer brand and companies' other brands can be the best solution to increase the quality and quantity of job applicants.
Brand identity development for an individual : case : Blondinbella – from blog to brand
This book discusses whether certain approaches to (vocational) education have become mythicized and branded, and the reasons for and consequences of this commodification. Additionally, the book also investigates how researchers are contributing to mythicizing and branding in education. Although transnational and comparative studies are increasingly taking into account historical and cultural ideas, is this a result of the exploitation of historical and cultural research for industrial purposes and education export? Educational brands should attract global customers and advertise countries as smart environments for global investments. Universal models of (vocational) education typically build on interpretations from the Anglophonic, German and French regions of the world. This book, however, investigates perspectives from unexplored and under-discussed linguistic contexts, particularly Spanish, Italian, Swiss and Austrian regions and the use of East-Asian and East-African myths and brands, which, although influenced by Europeanization, continue local traditions. Furthermore, while approaches to education in the Nordic region may differ from those in the rest of Europe, an additional section of the book deals with myth and brands in Norway, Finland and Sweden, with some comparisons with British, French and German traditions. As such, this book provides historical insights into the use of myths and brands in education, investigates the differences in such use in various educational contexts, and offers relevant policy-analytical and theoretical interpretations. It will be of particular interest for scholars and students interested in tensions between the local and the global in education, and their connections to both politics and the economy, and invites readers to think beyond their own conventional conceptual frameworks.
Stand out
Branding in governance and public management
Building a creative city brand through an international mega-event : case: World Design Capital Helsinki 2012
Employer Brand and Great Place to Work as Perceived by Generation Y Employees - Case Ravintolakolmio-ryhmä
Branding yourself : how to use social media to invent or reinvent yourself
Abstract: How should companies use employer branding in order to attract student and graduate applications? The research objective was to provide guidelines for companies to communicate to students and graduates as internal and recruitment markets. The primary research absorbed into their decision making processes when applying for jobs. The aim was to find out what attracts them at the announcements, what gets them to apply for the job and to keep working for the company. Primary research was conducted using both qualitative and quantitative method. The data was collected using questionnaire and two interviews. Internet questionnaire resulted 53 responses from students and graduated. The research found out that students and graduates appreciate job description, career possibilities and salary and benefits the most. The needs that job can satisfy are safety and esteem needs and the need for self-actualisation. From these, the company should concentrate its employer branding efforts to esteem needs and the need for self-actualisation. Employer marketing should focus on promotion and especially advertising. Job announcements are the employer brand advertisements and the ones that attract the students and graduates to apply for the company. Challenging and interesting job profiles are the ones that attract the students and graduates. The marketing communications for employer brand should inform and persuade. The channel should be Internet, both their own and external websites. The research was quite facile and the sample size small. It would be recommended to conduct it again using larger sample. There are lots of research about the area, but most of them are from human resource management point of view. It would be beneficial to research employer branding more from marketing point of view.
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis is to explain what brand integrity (BI) is, brand owners awareness of it and why is it essential part of doing business in today's global markets. This thesis will explain the consequences of counterfeiting and the grey markets both from the perspective of the brand owner as well as the society. This thesis is done for Starcke Oy, which is a company specialized in graphical special effects and brand protection technologies.  The thesis is roughly divided in to two parts which are: theoretical and empirical. The theory part will explain the concept and reason behind brand integrity management, whereas the empirical part will explore brand owners awareness of BI-management.  The theoretical part will introduce the case company Starcke Oy, explain concepts that are important in understanding brand integrity, such as brand protection, brand and branding. The main focus is on the effects that occur for brand owners, but the effects to consumers are talked about throughout the thesis, by explaining the dangers it causes in peoples everyday lives and how closely counterfeiting and grey markets are linked to organized crime. Finally the theoretical part goes through the key risks areas and explains some of the general tools which BI-management offers.  The empirical part is a qualitative research of brand owners' awareness of brand integrity. It is realized by sending a questionnaire to some well-known Finish companies such as Aarikka and Kuusamon Uistin. It aims to explore more deeply what is the level of awareness amongst companies. The population and sample are rather small, which enables more in-depth approach.
Culture, branding and national identity in the era of globalization : a study of beer brands in the Finnish market
Consumers’ experiences of luxury : interpreting the luxuriousness of a brand
Professional services marketing : how the best firms build premier brands, thriving lead generation engines, and cultures of business development success
Brand model creation for a small healthcare service
The involvement of primary stakeholders in international place branding
Destination image and brand element familiarity among foreign tourists
Handbook on research in relationship marketing
Ice event for KalPa family
Utilizing social media in marketing and brand building
The brand challenge : adapting branding to sectorial imperatives / edited by Kartikeya Kompella
Supporting employer branding by inbound marketing in Russia
User-generated content and its impact on branding : how users and communities create and manage brands in social media
Retail rebranded : 27 secrets of market leaders
Marketing and branding goes hand in hand, many companies focus only on marketing but not branding. There is a spectrum of opinions, manage both marketing and branding in a manipulative way according to need of small medium enterprises the key. Furthermore marketing is actively promoting a product or service. It’s a push tactic. It’s pushing out a message to get sales results while brand is strategic approach what precisely is left behind in the sub-conscious of people about the company or a product. This thesis tries to unfold several key areas of marketing and branding for small, medium enterprises to identify different ways to enhance marketing and help structure brand strategies by using different tools. The goal is create awareness among the star-ups and other minor organization to take serious stance on branding and promote help marketing for non-tech industries. The conclusion disclose that at present day, SME’s can manage both marketing and branding by connecting to their customers in a measureable way which could strengthen their position in the competition but there can be improvements in the near future to help organization focus on their target group. Further it discusses how these strategies and tools can be taken into consideration to integrate with Finnish market and why culture is important in branding.
The Importance of Positioning and Networking in the Globalization Process of a Small-Sized Brand - Case: SabrinaTach
Customers' Loyalty & Brand Experience : Branding Strategy to Successfully Approach Consumers' Minds and Promote Customers' Loyalty: Generating the “Brand Experience”
An essential handbook for future success in the luxury market.
Nation branding online : multimodal analysis of the BRIC official business websites
Brand identity development for a nonprofit organization : case Osallistuvat Nuoret 2013 ry
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
The research aims and questions of this thesis are for the thesis commissioner to learn how to establish himself as a professional musician. The questions facilitating the process are 1) What is the present musician like?, 2) What is the future musician like? and 3) What are the roles of branding a product or service and communicating this? The research theory base is on the authors' expertise and understanding of the music industry. The comparison between present situation and future vision is handled by focusing on branding and communication as viable tools to further facilitate the research process. Based on the theory, a toolkit was formed to serve as a basis for the interviews. The research method consisted of two qualitative interviews and personal experiences of a musician's life. Research findings were compiled into a toolkit and presented to appropriate interview subjects in order to gain professional insight as to their effectiveness. The research findings based on the interviews offered personal viewpoints regarding the toolkit suggestions. The interviewees' existing situations as professional musicians and the theoretical structure of the toolkit serves as the basis of the findings, finally leading towards the authors' conclusion.The author's conclusions determine that the subject of the commissioning company is effectively already established professionally. Comparison between the interviewees and the thesis commissioners own situation offer many similarities. The commissioners current situation within the industry reflects that of a moderately successful independent artist, with a global fanbase reaching all corners of the world. The theoretical base serves to enlighten the author to the conclusion that branding and communication are effective tools in further strengthening this position. Furthermore, since the industry has changed, the thesis commissioners' current position within the industry should be considered as that of a professional in relation to musical competence, business understanding and standard of sound recordings.
Self-analysis of a service business brand from an identity creation perspective : case : Be Madrid
Employer branding - fashion or the future? Investigation into the necessity of employer branding for organisations to attract talent : case study : Triodor Software
In Brand Rituals: How Successful Brands Bond with Customers for Life, Zain Raj--a recognized leader in the marketing and strategy space--posits that companies and their brands have the ability to drive significant business impact by creating a bond with their most loyal customers. Raj calls this a Brand Ritual, a deep, abiding relationship that customers build with brands--which becomes an integral part of their lives. The book discusses how it's no longer about consumer beliefs; it's all about customer behavior.
Hospitality branding
Online representation of the self : self-branding in four fitness blogs
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
The Vision of a musician
Tweeting God, guns and the constitution : the online impression management and political branding of Sarah Palin
Branding basics for small business : how to create and irresistible brand on any budget
"Edited by leading brand analyst Kartik Kompella, The Brand Challenge provides a comprehensive and topical examination of the application of branding across key branding fields, including luxury goods, media and entertainment, pharmaceutical and digital. Each chapter covers a different industry, written by an expert from the field, to explain how to build a brand in a specific field and explore how the rules of branding change across industries. Original contributions from many of the world's leading brand experts address brand building in the conventional manner, while also looking at the branding innovators who pushed the boundaries in their field. With insights from experts such as Laura Ries on using a Visual Hammer and John Simmons on storytelling, this book shows how to transfer branding rules from one field to another and gain an understanding of commonalities involved with successfully building brands across industries and markets"-- Provided by publisher.Includes bibliographical references and index.
Creative brand launch in phamaceutical over-the-counter markets : case Burana
Social Media - Brand Building Tool
Creating a brand identity for RelationshipGames
Social media in employer brand communication: Focus on SMEs in Finland. Case study: Smarp Oy
Kids and branding in a digital world
The Implementation of the Solo Brand in Case of the Solo Sokos Hotel Tammer
Facebook and branding of Stronghold Gym
The key aim of this thesis is to improve the brand identity of Index Kosova, an opinion, media and market research company operating in Kosovo. The approach involves utilizing a theoretical framework and applying the research findings in a concrete way to make a proposal for a brand code and for the contents for a company brand manual.     The primary goal of this study was to find a suitable brand identity model to improve the brand identity of the case company. The secondary goal was to examine the perceptions of the Index Kosova employees towards the company and to determine the elements of the brand identity that need to be improved, to have a more distinguishable and representative corporate brand. The third goal was to apply a selected brand model for creating a brand manual for the case company.    The theoretical framework analysis in this thesis consists of a description of two well-known theoretical brand models: the Brand Identity Planning model by Aaker and the 4D brand model by Gad. In addition, the framework was enhanced by the description of the brand design process by Wheeler. Further, the key concepts of internal branding have been presented and discussed. Taking into account the case company position and its needs, it is clear that the best approach is to utilize a combination of the 4D Branding model and internal branding concepts for reaching the objectives of the thesis.    The chose method for data collection was qualitative, and was carried out in form of semi-structured interviews. A total of 27 open- ended questions served as a guideline for the interview, and seven employees of the case company were interviewed.     The results of this research discovered the perception of Index Kosova by its employees and determined the strengths and weaknesses of the company. The strengths of the company were utilised for building the brand code and for creating the contents for the brand manual. This thesis further recommends the application of the brand code as a task for every employee.
"Cool Japan" strategy : what kind of coolness?
Brand new : the shape of brands to come
"Why commercial-style branding doesn't work for nonprofits--and what doesTaking its cue from for-profit corporations, the nonprofit world has increasingly turned to commercial-style branding to raise profiles and encourage giving. But it hasn't worked. Written by a longtime industry insider, this book argues that branding strategies borrowed from for-profit companies hasn't just failed, but has actually discouraged giving. But why does branding--a well-developed discipline with a history of commercial success--fail when applied to nonprofits? The Money-Raising Nonprofit Brand + Website argues that commercial-style branding is the wrong tool applied in the wrong way to the wrong industry. Offers a real-world fundraising strategies that work in the nonprofit world Disabuses readers of the dangerous notion that commercial-style marketing works in the fundamentally different nonprofit world Written by an industry insider with 25 years of experience raising funds for many of the most successful nonprofits in the world Nonprofit fundraising is a fundamentally different world--financially, emotionally, and practically--than commercial marketing. Here, the author explains why commercial marketing strategies don't work and provides practical, experience-based alternatives that do"--
International branding strategies for Finnish cultural destinations
Branding a family business
Global Destination BrandScience
How the company brand is delivered after rebranding?
How to measure social media : a step-by-step guide to developing and assessing social media ROI
Future with chemistry : final project report 2013
Handbook of media branding : the first comprehensive handbook of media branding international
Communication students' motives for and attitudes towards personal branding
The community manager's playbook : how to build brand awareness and customer engagement
Perceived success factors supporting the integration of service design into brand building work
Motivational drivers of customer brand engagement and its effect on share of wallet in a social media context
Single-serve ice cream packaging: packaging structures enhancing brand
Effect of CEO succession on international brand image : case: Living it Loving it Ltd
Capture your style : transform your Instagram images, showcase your life, and build the ultimate platform
How to build successful city brands? -Case Munich, Berlin & Hamburg
Creating a foundation for international alumni networks in the finnish universities  of applied sciences : case: JAMK University of Applied Sciences
Success story-creating songs about history! : sabaton, branding and storytelling in heavy metal music
This is a guide for business and brand builders who need to strengthen their approach to online B2C community management and customer engagement. Perkins explains how to build an engaging community strategy and provides ways to retain customers, create compelling content, and track results. You'll learn how to create an online community and entice new members to join; the online locales where you should be hosting your community; why content is essential to community and how to determine what types of content will best fit the needs of your consumers; why community can be a tremendous source of consumer insight; how to ensure that your brand consistently delivers on its promises; how to develop a holistic community strategy and effectively manage resources through an agile approach; frameworks to support execution of a community strategy; how to define the role of community manager and hire for it. --$cEdited summary from book.
The roadside MBA : real-world lessons for entrepreneurs, start-ups and small businesses
"Naming a business or product has always been challenging--and sometimes costly--for entrepreneurs and inventors, but it's one of the most important decisions they have to make. Alexandra Watkins presents a foolproof model that anyone can use to create and evaluate brand names like a pro" --
Building brand equity online : A multiple case study of speciality coffee brands
Romancing the brand : how brands create strong, intimate relationships with customers
Employer Branding - fashion or the future? Investigation into the necessity of Employer Branding for organisations to attract talent - Case Study : Triodor Software
Marketing in context : setting the scene
The present study is aimed at developing brand identity for a start-up farm NewCo Dubrava, which is an agricultural business complex for fattening calves, milk production and cultivation and production of different crops. Newco Dubrava is planning to restart its production and having long-term goals. There is a strong need for development of its brand identity that will clarify and elaborate company's core values, support its major strategic goals and, eventually, make the company unique and differentiate it from competitors. The objectives of the study include, firstly, formulation of main farm's statements; development of structured and coherent brand identity elements; and, finally, suggest ideas for brand visualization as an outcome. The major foundation of the research is the theoretical framework, which provides the study with a solid basis for developing brand identity. The brand identity-building frame for the farm is based on Aaker's (2002) brand identity model with several modifications. In order deepen the analysis the framework is modified by adding relative theories by Kapferer (2008) and Gad (2001). As an empirical realization the present research applies the brand identity design guidelines by A. Wheeler (2006) that include all the steps of the identity development process, are practically oriented and focus on creative process of brand visualization elements. The results of the research are based on the theoretical framework and the analysis of data collected during the interviews. The primary method of data collection was qualitative in-depth interviews with the shareholders and main managing personnel of the farm. The results of the study are presented in the brand manual guidelines that include all the findings and suggestions worked out during the research. Primarily, the guidelines are directed to the employees and internal company use in order to introduce company's brand identity, its main statements and their application in different communication circumstances. The book gives a clear definition of what farm's brand stands for. It identifies company's central values, vision and mission statements that provide direction for the brand and bring in the sense of brand belongingness among employees. Secondly, the guidelines introduce visual representation of the brand – logo, trademark, color palette and imagery use. The design of visual brand representation was worked out based on the interview analysis, market research and company's business plan. The guidelines also introduce overall layout style and color scheme for further utilization in order to maintain brand consistency.
Multicultural View on Package Design : Scandinavian and Asian Design, Focus on Finland and Korea
