http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25908 Second Life
Second Life
Second Life : the official guide
Virtual social networks : mediated, massive and multiplayer sites
Key concepts in second language acquisition
Abstract.
Learning & Research in Virtual Worlds
Governance of digital game environments and cultural diversity : Transdisciplinary enquiries
Wikinomics : how mass collaboration changes everything
Designing your Second Life : techniques and inspiration for you to design your ideal parallel universe within the online community, Second Life
Symbolic interaction and new social media
This book is an action : feminist print culture and activist aesthetics
Virtual worlds are places where humans interact, and as such they can be environments for research and learning. However, they are complex and mutable in ways that more controlled and traditional environments are not. Although computer-mediated, virtual worlds are multifaceted social systems like the offline world, and choosing to study virtual world phenomena demands as much consideration for the participants, the environment and the researcher as offline. By exploring virtual worlds as places of research and learning, the international practitioners in this book demonstrate t.
Scripting your world : the official guide to second life scripting
A practical guide to using Second life in higher education
Developing Virtual Environments for Educational Use : A Case-Study of the Attempt to Improve the Virtual Island of Rosario as a Learning Platform
Introduction to Linden scripting language for Second Life
Reproduction of the content services
Creating second lives : community, identity, and spatiality as constructions of the virtual
Higher Education in Virtual Worlds : Teaching and Learning in Second Life
Being virtual : who you really are online
Socializing the classroom : social networks and online learning
Site analysis interpreting the past in the present real art educational co-operation in virtual reality
Teaching arts and science with the new social media
Learning and teaching in the virtual world of second life
For all the pace of computer development, the technology only makes it possible to create an on-line self. With the click of a mouse you can select eye colour, face shape, height, even wings if you want them. This title aims to take you on a revelatory journey as it investigates one of the bizarre phenomena of the 21st century.
From the ritual object which functions as a substitute for the dead - thus acting as a medium for communicating with the 'other world' - to the representation of death, violence and suffering in media, or the use of online social networks as spaces of commemoration, media of various kinds are central to the communication and performance of death-related socio-cultural practices of individuals, groups and societies. This second volume of the Studies in death, materiality and time series explores the ways in which such practices are subject to 're-mediation'; that is to say, processes by which well-known practices are re-presented in new ways through various media formats. Presenting rich, interdisciplinary new empirical case studies and fieldwork from the US and Europe, Asia, The Middle East, Australasia and Africa, Mediating and remediating death shows how different media forms contribute to the shaping and transformation of various forms of death and commemoration, whether in terms of their range and distribution, their relation to users or their roles in creating and maintaining communities.
Cutting-edge social media approaches to business education : teaching with LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Second life, and blogs
How adult learners can draw upon skills and knowledge honed over a lifetime to master a foreign language.
Scripting your world : the official guide to Second Life scripting
Becoming fluent : how cognitive science can help adults learn a foreign language
Working in a virtual world : a study of using Second Life in globally distributed team meetings
I discuss the possible future creation of single log-in point and single avatar for multiple virtual worlds for entertainment and business purposes. I also found suggestions for further research topics, such as virtual shopping malls with multiple linked virtual shops.
Second Life in-world travel guide
Virtual worlds, real libraries : librarians and educators in Second Life and other multi-user virtual environments
Marketing in virtual worlds
This innovative book provides transdisciplinary analyses of the nature and dynamics of digital game environments whilst tackling the existing fragmentation of academic research. Digital game environments are of increasing economic, social and cultural value. As their influence on diverse facets of life grows, states have felt compelled to intervene and secure some public interests. Yet, the contours of a comprehensive governance model are far from recognisable and governments are grappling with the complexity and fluidity of online games and virtual worlds as private spaces and as experimentation fields for creativity and innovation. This book contributes to a more comprehensive and fine-grained understanding of digital game environments, which is a precondition for addressing any of the pressing governance questions posed. Particular attention is given to the concept and policy objective of cultural diversity, which also offers a unique entry point into the discussion of the appropriate legal regulation of digital games. This book will be of interest to researchers of media law, internet law and governance, cultural studies, anthropology and sociology. As the book addresses a highly topical theme, it will attract the attention of policymakers at national, regional and international levels and will also serve as a great resource tool for scholars in new media and in particular digital games and virtual worlds.
Reinventing ourselves : contemporary concepts of identity in virtual worlds
Cyber Zen : imagining authentic Buddhist identity, community, and practices in the virtual world of Second life
In-game and out-of-game mourning : on the complexity of grief in virtual worlds
Blogs, Wikipedia, Second life, and beyond : from production to produsage
"This book examines the role of social networks in the formation of identity among sophists, philosophers, and Christians in the early Roman Empire. Membership in each category was established and evaluated socially as well as discursively. From clashes over admission to classrooms and communion to construction of the group's history, integration into the social fabric of the community served as both an index of identity and a medium through which contests over status and authority were conducted. The juxtaposition of patterns of belonging in Second Sophistic and early Christian circles reveals a shared repertoire of technologies of self-definition, authorization, and institutionalization, and shows how each group manipulated and adapted those strategies to its own needs. This approach provides a more rounded view of the Second Sophistic and places the early Christian formation of "orthodoxy" in a fresh context"--
Virtual environments and cultures : a collection of social anthropological research in virtual cultures and landscapes
Depression and cognition in type 2 diabetes : from a life course perspective
How digital worlds become material : an ethnographic and netnographic investigation in Second Life
How to make real money in Second Life : boost your business, market your services, and sell your products in the world's hottest virtual community
Second Life® : the official guide
Second Life for dummies
Women and Second Life : essays on virtual identity, work and play
Social media, sociality and survey research
"Socializing the Classroom: Social Networks and Online Learning, by Susan B. Barnes, examines how social media can be used in education through two research grants and real-world applications. Barnes analyzes social media including Facebook, Courseware, and Second Life, while providing a theoretical foundation for examining social software. A new generation of students is surrounded by digital technologies, leading scholars and teachers to consider virtual worlds to engage students"-- Provided by publisher.
Learning and research in virtual worlds
Scripting Recipes for Second Life
E-commerce in immersive virtual worlds : case: Second Life
Vibes in AVO open networks : descriptions of the AVO project operation during 2008-2011
Living virtually : researching new worlds
"The Women's Liberation Movement held a foundational belief in the written word's power to incite social change. In this new collection, Jaime Harker and Cecilia Konchar Farr curate essays that reveal how second-wave feminists embraced this potential with a vengeance. The authors in This Book Is an Action investigate the dynamic print culture that emerged as the feminist movement reawakened in the late 1960s. The works created by women shined a light on taboo topics and offered inspiring accounts of personal transformation. Yet, as the essayists reveal, the texts represented something far greater: a distinct and influential American literary renaissance. On the one hand, feminists took control of the process by building a network of publishers and distributors owned and operated by women. On the other, women writers threw off convention to venture into radical and experimental forms, poetry, and genre storytelling, and in so doing created works that raised the consciousness of a generation. Examining feminist print culture from its structures and systems to defining texts by Margaret Atwood and Alice Walker, This Book Is an Action suggests untapped possibilities for the critical and aesthetic analysis of the diverse range of literary production during feminism's second wave"--
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Creating your world : the official guide to advanced content creation for Second life
Mediating and remediating death
The social media marketing book
Higher education administration with social media : including applications in student affairs, enrollment management, alumni relations, and career centers
Second Life, media, and the other society
Second life : guide to your virtual world
Coming of age in second life : an anthropologist explores the virtually human
Making virtual worlds : Linden Lab and Second Life
The social world of intellectuals in the Roman Empire : sophists, philosophers, and Christians
Second lives
Envisioning future academic library services : initiatives, ideas and challenges
The Second Life grid : the official guide to communication, collaboration, and community engagement
The entrepreneur's guide to Second Life : making money in the metaverse
How to do everything with Second Life
I, avatar : the culture and consequences of having a second life
