http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25901 cultural rights
cultural rights
Divorce in transnational families : marriage, migration and family law
Transitional justice and economic, social and cultural rights
Working group no. 4 : Linguistic rights and the importance of cultural identity
"How did British rule in India transform persons from lower social classes? Could Indians from such classes rise in the world by marrying Europeans and embracing their religion and customs? This book explores such questions by examining the intriguing story of an interracial family who lived in southern India in the mid-nineteenth century. The family, which consisted of two untouchable brothers, both of whom married Eurasian women, became wealthy as distillers in the local community. When one brother died, a dispute arose between his wife and brother over family assets, which resulted in a landmark court case, Abraham v. Abraham. It is this case which is at the center of this book, and which Chandra Mallampalli uses to examine the lives of those involved and, by extension, of those - 271 witnesses in all - who testified. In its multilayered approach, the book sheds light not only on interracial marriage, class, religious allegiance, and gender, but also on the British encounter with Indian society. It shows that far from being products of a "civilizing mission" who embraced the ways of Englishmen, the Abrahams were ultimately - when faced with the strictures of the colonial legal system - obliged to contend with hierarchy and racial difference"--
The Palgrave handbook of European media policy
The Oxford handbook of applied ethnomusicology
Summary.
Making the Declaration work : the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
Arctic & Antarctic : international journal of circumpolar sociocultural issues
Intellectual property, indigenous people and their knowledge
Preserving sacred sites : arctic indigenous peoples as cultural heritage rights holders
Jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights regarding indigenous peoples : retrospect and prospects
"A unique collection of materials and commentary on cultural law that demonstrates the reality and efficacy of comparative, international, and indigenous law and legal practices in the dynamic context of culture-related issues"--Provided by publisher.
"Through a landmark court case in mid-nineteenth century colonial India, this book investigates hierarchy and racial difference in the British encounter with Indian society"--
Understanding Feminism provides an accessible guide to one of the most important and contested movements in progressive modern thought. Presenting feminism as a dynamic, multi-faceted and adaptive movement that has evolved in response to the changing practical and theoretical problems faced by women, the authors take a problem-oriented approach that maps the complex strands of feminist thinking in relation to women's struggles for equal recognition and rights, and freedom from oppressive constraints of sex, self-expression and autonomy. Each chapter focuses on a different cluster of concerns, demonstrating key moves in second-wave feminist thought, as well as some of the diversity in response-strategies that encompass both socio-economic and cultural-symbolic concerns. This approach not only shows how central feminist insights, theories and strategies emerge and re-emerge across different contexts, but makes clear that far from being “over”, feminism remains a vital response to the diverse issues that women (and men) find pressing and socially important.
Regulating marriage migration into the UK : a stranger in the home
Freedom of artistic expression : essays on culture and legal censure
The yearbook of polar law
Making culture accessible : access, participation and cultural provision in the context of cultural rights in Europe
Indigenous notions of ownership and libraries, archives and museums
The Saami traditional dress & beauty pageants : indigenous peoples' rights of ownership and self-determination over their cultures
The economic, social and cultural rights of migrants in an irregular situation
Musical creativity and the politics of utterance : issues of cultural ownership and sustainability in Amoc's Inari Sami rap
"Cultural law is a new and exciting field of study and practice. The core themes of linguistic and other cultural rights, cultural heritage, traditional crafts and knowledge, the performing arts, sports, and religion are of fundamental importance to people around the world, engaging them at the grass roots and often commanding their daily attention. The related legal processes are both significant and complex. This unique collection of materials and commentary on cultural law covers a broad range of themes. Opening chapters explore critical issues involving cultural activities, artifacts, and status as well as the fundamental concepts of culture and law. Subsequent chapters examine the dynamic interplay of law and culture with respect to each of the core themes. The materials demonstrate the reality and efficacy of comparative, international, and indigenous law and legal practices in the dynamic context of culture-related issues. Throughout the book, these issues are presented at multiple levels of legal authority: international, national, and subnational"--Provided by publisher.
Implementation of cultural rights within international legislative instruments
Bridging Baltic : our project - our story!
Cultural diversity, heritage and human rights : intersections in theory and practice
"Nobody should be forced to make a living by begging" : social exclusion and cultural rights of Gāine/Gandharva musicians of Nepal
Cultures of copyright
The international covenant on economic, social and cultural rights : commentary, cases, and materials
Indigenous peoples' cultural property claims : repatriation and beyond
Intercultural adaptation as a dialogical learning process : motivational factors among the short-term and long-term migrants
Race, religion, and law in colonial India : trials of an interracial family
Culture, language and globalization among the Moldavian Csángós today
Museums, equality and social justice
Economic, social, and cultural rights in international law : contemporary issues and challenges
Cultural law : international, comparative, and indigenous
Managing competitiveness in pursuit of a legal career : women attorneys in Finland and Poland
"After colonization, indigenous people faced an extractive property rights regime for both their land and knowledge. This book outlines that regime, and how the symbolic function of international intellectual property continues today to assist states to enclose indigenous peoples' knowledge. Drawing on more than 200 interviews, Peter Drahos examines the response of indigenous people to the colonizer's non-developmental property rights. The case studies reveal how they have adapted to the state's extractive order through a process of regulatory bricolage. In order to create a new developmental future for themselves, indigenous developmental networks have been forged - high trust networks that include partnerships with science. Intellectual Property, Indigenous People and their Knowledge argues for a developmental intellectual property order for indigenous people based on a combination of simple rules, principles and a process of regulatory convening"--
