http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25986 ISO standards
ISO standards
Risk management in the outdoors : a whole-of-organisation approach for education, sport and recreation
Industrial safety and environment
Environmental management systems : requirements with guidance for use
Information and documentation : performance indicators for electronic library services = Information et documentation : indicateurs de performance pour les services electroniques des bibliotheques
Software engineering : Product evaluation. Part 6, Documentation of evaluation modules
ISO 9001:2015 for small enterprises : what to do?
Interchange : the newsletter of the International SGML Users' Group (ISUG)
Maintaining uniform quality in official translating in the light of standardisation
Quality assured
Statistical methods
Software engineering : Product quality. Part 1, Quality model
Application of ISO 9000 Standards to education and training : interpretation and guidelines in a European perspective
Mittauslaitteiston laadunvarmistusvaatimukset : standardi = Quality assurance requirements for measuring equipment. Osa = Part 1, Mittauslaitteiston metrologinen varmennusjärjestelmä = Metrological confirmation system for measuring equipment
ISO 9001:2000 for Software and Systems Providers : An Engineering Approach
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 216, Application protocol : ship moulded forms
Customer satisfaction as a part of quality management : Case Wasa Logistics Ltd
IT governance : an international guide to data security and ISO27001/ISO27002
Information technology : Software product evaluation. Part 5, Process for evaluators
ISO 9000 for biblioteker og informationscentre : en vejledning : rapport fra et Nordinfo-støttet projekt
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 42, Integrated generic resource : geometric and topological representation
Information technology : Software product evaluation. Part 1, General Overview
Quality service, competitive business : setting the standard in customer service
Methods and procedures for assessing the impact of libraries = Méthodes et procédures pour évaluer l'impact des bibliothèques
"From England to Australia, Sweden to South Korea, the international business community is embracing ISO 14000, the most flexible approach to environmental management yet devised. While a growing number of organizations are adopting its guidelines - with tremendous results - many are still hedging, unsure whether the benefits of implementation are worth their time, resources, and attention. This authoritative reference, written by an expert in the field, provides the information you need as a business manager to not only determine the appropriateness of ISO 14000 for your company, but to take the right steps toward successful certification." "Perry Johnson - an ISO authority who is the founder of both an ISO 14000 training organization and a full-service registration company - shares his expertise and insight to bring you a clear, detailed look at ISO 14000, including the business impact of standard conformance. With straightforward explanations, Johnson shows you where ISO 14000 will add value to your company, how to support the standard, and what you need to do to meet registration requirements. Most importantly, he reveals how certification can favorably impact your company's bottom line."--BOOK JACKET.
Software Engineering : Product evaluation. Part 3, Process for developers
Software engineering : Product quality. Part 3, Internal metrics
Information and documentation : library performance indicators : AMENDMENT 1: Additional performance indicators for libraries = Information et documentation : indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques : AMENDEMENT 1: Indicateurs complémentaires de performance des bibliothèques
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 218, Application protocol : ship structures
ISO 9001: 2015 : a pocket guide
Software Engineering : Product evaluation. Part 2, Planning and Management
Product data standards and research : a review
Quality assurance : ISO 9000 as a management tool
Coding procedure for memory components
ISO/CDI 9001:2000 & ISO/CDI 9004:2000
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 212, Application protocol : electrotechnical design and installation
Software Engineering : Product evaluation. Part 4, Process for acquirers
Johtamisjärjestelmän auditointiohjeet : standardi = Guidelines for auditing management systems
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 227, Application protocol : plant spatial configuration
Food legislation of the UK : a concise guide
The new ISO 9001:2015 : Its opportunities and challenges
Cosmetics : Sun protection test methods. In vivo determination of the sun protection factor (SPF) (ISO 24444:2010)
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivoja standardin ISO 9001:2000 soveltamiselle paikallishallinnossa = Quality management systems : guidelines for the applications of ISO 9001:2000 in logal government
A world of standards
Restrictions as inspiration : an exploration of the design process in the contract textile industry
ISO 14000 : the business manager's complete guide to environmental management
ISO/IEC 26550:2013 provides a reference model consisting of an abstract representation of the key processes of software and systems product line engineering and management, and the relationships between the processes. In the product line there are two development lifecycles (domain engineering and application engineering), the involvement of variabilities, and two process groups (organizational management and technical management). Domain Engineering lifecycle processes define and implement domain assets commonly used by member products within a product line, while Application Engineering lifecycle processes develop applications by exploiting the domain assets including common and variable assets. During domain engineering, product line variability, which reflects the specific needs of different markets and market segments, are explicitly defined. Variabilities are embedded in domain assets and during application engineering they are selected based on the defined variability models. Organizational Management process group helps organizations to establish and improve capabilities for nurturing their product lines from conception to retirement and for establishing and managing relationships with customers, providers, and other key stakeholders. Meanwhile, Technical Management process group provides actual means used to support, monitor, and control the activities of both domain engineering and application engineering of a product line. The reference model for software and systems product line engineering and management of ISO/IEC 26550:2013 can be used in subsequent standardization efforts to create appropriate standards for requirements engineering and management, design, realization, verification and validation, and organizational and technical management processes, tools, and methods of software and systems product line engineering.
The C++ standard : incorporating technical corrigendum 1
Information security policies, procedures, and standards : a practitioner's reference
Quantities and units = [Grandeurs et unités]
Abstract in English.
Imaging materials. processed imaging materials - photographic activity test for enclosure materials = Matériaux pour l'image. Matériaux pour l'image traités - essai d'activité photographique pour les matériaux de fermeture
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 239, Application protocol : product life support and application modules
Information and documentation, library performance indicators = Information et documentation : indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques
ISO 9001 for small businesses : what to do : advice from ISO/TC 176.
Information and documentation. Boxes, file covers and other enclosures, made from cellulosic materials, for storage of paper and parchment documents = Information et documentation : Boîtes, chemises et autres contenants en matériaux cellulosiques, pour le stockage des documents sur papier et parchemin
Environmental management in China  : Case – ISO 14001 implementation for The Switch
Preparing for forwarded ROPS -test
Software and systems engineering : reference model for product line engineering and management
Information and documentation - archival paper - requirements for permanence and durability = Information et documentation - papier pour documents d'archives - prescriptions pour la permanence et la durabilité
Investigating the adoption of environmental management systems in the Finnish logistics sector
ISO 9000 : meeting the international standards
Document management applications : electronic document file format enhancement for accessibility. Part 1, Use of ISO 32000-1 (PDF/UA-1)
Software engineering : Product quality. Part 4, Quality in use metrics
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 215, Application protocol : ship arrangement
Imaging materials. processed imaging materials - albums, framing and storage materials = Matériaux pour image. Matériaux pour image après traitement - albums, cadrage et matériaux d'archivage
Quality management system ISO 9001:2000 : 60 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
Information and documentation : international library statistics = Information et documentation : statistiques internationales de bibliothèques
Water quality : determination of the chloride : silver nitrate titration with chromate indicator (Mohr's method) = Qualité de l'eau : dosage des chlorures : titrage au nitrate d'argent avec du chromate comme indicateur (Méthode de Mohr)
ISO 9001:2015 for small businesses
Terminology work - harmonization of concepts and terms = Travail terminologique - harmonisation des notions et des termes
Measurement of fluid flow in closed conduits : thermal mass flowmeters = Mesure de débit des fluides les conduites fermées : débitmètres massiques par effet thermique
A review of materiality in auditing
Abstract.
Quality improvements through ISO 9000 standards : can ISO 9000 quality standards improve quality? : a classification of business-to-business companies
Water quality : determination of the chemical oxygen demand = Qualité de l'eau : determination de la demande chimique en oxygène
Evaluation of ISO 9001:2000 standard criteria for a small software company
Information tehnology : coding of moving pictures and associated audio for digital storage media at up to about 1,5 Mbit /s. Part 3, Audio
Environmental management systems : general guidelines on principles, systems and supporting techniques
Quality management : guidelines for training
Information and documentation : library performance indicators = Information et documentation : indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques
College libraries : guidelines for professional service and resource provision
Achieving quality standards : a step-by-step guide to BS5750/ISO9000
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivat prosessien parantamiselle terveyspalveluorganisaatioissa = Quality management systems : guidelines for process improvements in healt[h] service organizations
Software engineering : Product quality. Part 2, External metrics
