http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25985 media relations
media relations
Events management : an introduction
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
Social PR Secrets : how to optimize, socialize, and publicize your brand's news
"The difference between helping and selling is just two letters If you're wondering how to make your products seem more exciting online, you're asking the wrong question. You're not competing for attention only against other similar products. You're competing against your customers' friends and family and viral videos and cute puppies. To win attention these days you must ask a different question: "How can we help?" Jay Baer's Youtility offers a new approach that cuts through the clut;ter: marketing that is truly, inherently useful. If you sell something, you make a customer today, but if you genuinely help someone, you create a customer for life. Drawing from real examples of companies who are practicing Youtility as well as his experience helping more than seven hundred brands improve their marketing strategy, Baer provides a groundbreaking plan for using information and helpfulness to transform the relationship between companies and customers"--
Managing major sports events : theory and practice
Alone together : why we expect more from technology and less from each other
Farewell to hype : the emergence of real public relations
Adolescent online social communication and behavior : relationship formation on the Internet
This is a product - oriented thesis. The aim is to conclude a guidebook about music export for young bands that are interested in playing a show abroad. The project: Music export from Helsinki to Berlin and vice versa. Case study: Face of God and Ill Kommodity, was used to learn from the praxis. The thesis describes the responsibilities of the project manager and brings project management and event planning together. The music export history of Finland and Germany is taken in consideration and a closer look into media relations, funding, networking and marketing theories is provided. The project is a culture exchange between a German and a Finnish band. They switch the music market and share their networking contacts. Both bands are performing two concerts abroad and gathering attention from the media. Tough Enough Promotion is the commissioner of this thesis and the concluded music export guide got establish for the company to implement future music export projects. The book will guide young bands through the challenges of internationalization and gives recommendations on music export. The music export guide is the result of the project that got intensively studied and evaluates the theories for the praxis.
Managing public relations
A guide to style and techniques for all written communication. From the dos and don'ts of English grammar, to jargon and cliches, to the important legal considerations, It advises on how to write clear, appropriate and engaging copy and tailor your approach to different mediums and audiences.
The follow up to Share This: The Social Media Handbook for PR Professionals Share This is a practical handbook to the changes taking place in the media and was conceived and written by 24 public relations practitioners using many of the social tools and techniques that it addresses. The book covered the media and public relations industry, planning, social networks, online media relations, monitoring and measurement, skills, industry change and the future of the industry. Share This Too will also be a pragmatic guide for anyone that...
Public Relations and the Social Web : how to use social media and web 2.0 in communications
Social Customer Experience: Engage and Retain Customers through Social Media builds on the prior works of author Dave Evans. As an update to Evans's earlier book Social Media Marketing, the new Social Customer Experience connects the early cases presented in 2010 with significant, contemporary examples, key concepts, and best practices associated with the adoption of social technology by global brands. This latest edition offers a blueprint for transforming your organization's disparate social initiatives into a unified social experience strategy. Most people know that social technologies are transforming business, but few understand how those changes are happening across the organization. Whether in marketing, communications, customer care, digital media or product development these changes shape the way in which business manage the experience their customers have with the brand. Filled with practical examples of what to do, and illustrated with cases taken from real companies, Social Customer Experience fills in the gaps for companies who want to do more with social than just listen and experiment.
Social media marketing : the next generation of business engagement
Impact of Enhanced Content Creation in Digital PR
Trust agents : using the web to build influence, improve reputation, and earn trust
The new rules : the dating dos and don'ts for the digital generation
Dialogues between art, medicine and research
Sport public relations : managing stakeholder communication
Measuring your media profile
Reputation strategy and analytics in a hyper-connected world
Promoting and marketing events : theory and practice
This bachelor's thesis is a study into the implications that social media have on business-to-business marketing communications and customer relationship development. It starts off from the observation that traditional marketing and communications are currently facing a transitional phase, as the new paradigm for relationship marketing in electronic media has introduced a competitive model for interactive and collaborative communication. In that regard, the thesis frames the research questions by integrating theory from the relationship marketing perspective of value-driven buyer-seller relationships with social media marketing communication aspects. Although there is still a shortage of academic research and proven practice on the research topic, this study aims to showcase current efforts to generate knowledge on relationship marketing communication in social media, with a particular emphasis on business-to-business markets. The central goal of this thesis is to provide the case company, Dimedia Oy, with a model that integrates the development of marketing relationships with marketing communication practice in social media, and thus encourages it into entering the social media space. The contribution solves the problem by showing that the characteristics of social media add another layer to marketing communications, which needs to be treated differently compared to traditional marketing efforts. In addition, the study suggests that by building a roadmap for social media engagement, organizations can create a social media marketing communications strategy that matches their current expertise, comfort level, and available resources. Successful implementation of this strategy can increase the quality and frequency of interaction with customers, and build relationships with prospects much earlier in the purchasing cycle as well as in all of the phases of relationship development. The analysis leading to this contribution is done in three steps over the course of three chapters. The first of these steps consist providing a theoretical background by covering the basics, strategy, and the business-to-business side of relationship marketing, marketing communications, and social media. The second step offers a more practical perspective to the study by combining important aspects of theory with practice in relation to the role of social media in business-to-business marketing communications and customer relationship development. To counter the current trends described in the first and second parts, the third step of the thesis develops a possible approach by providing the case company with a practical social media policy document as well as elements and recommended procedures for creating and enforcing social media policies and strategies for its customers.
Corporate blogs and communications in relationship management
"As the digital landscape has changed buyers' habits it's increasingly difficult to reach them early enough in their decision-making process using traditional sales methods. Developing relationships with decision-makers through social networks has become an increasingly critical skill - enabling sales professionals to engage early on and 'hack' the buying process. Social Selling provides a practical, step-by-step blueprint for harnessing these specific and proven techniques including: - How to use networks purposefully to build social trust and create a high quality community - How to develop real influence and authority in your subject area and connect with change-makers - How to scale the social selling strategy across an organisation including maturity and investment models, risk and governance, and technology platforms"--
Share this : the social media handbook for PR professionals
Marketing in social media: the Facebook phenomenon
This book is for all those business people, PR professionals, communicators, and influencers who aren't sure what the value is in social media--or how to use it successfully. This book is also for all those content generators, marketers and digital natives who have embraced social but could benefit even more from a strategic communications foundation. Simply put, The SMC Matrix brings the best of both worlds--and bridges the gap to show how to navigate branding, the new consumer audience and crisis situations while in the digital wild wild west.
Company image and reality : a critique of corporate communications
Social media and personal relationships : online intimacies and networked friendship
Effective writing skills for public relations
The rise of the platform marketer : performance marketing with Google, Facebook, and Twitter, plus the latest high-growth digital advertising platforms
Social selling : techniques to influence buyers and changemakers
Emperor's handbook : state grade society doctrines : how to buid and maintain influence in a modern media society
Corporate communication : tactical guidelines for strategic practice
Digital pioneers : cultural drivers of future media culture
An influential media strategist reveals how blogs are controlling the news in the digital age and exposes the ways in which today's marketers are manufacturing news stories, affecting stock prices, and shaping elections.
On deadline : managing media relations
Social customer experience : engage and retain customers through social media
Public relations strategy : Korean case studies
The social media communication matrix : a new direction in public relations
New media and public relations
Whether one sees it as unwelcome, underappreciated, or unnoticed, public relations has an important influence on modern society. In the second edition of their award-winning book, W. Timothy Coombs and Sherry J. Holladay provide a broad and thorough look at the field of public relations in the world today and assess its impact on society’s values, knowledge, and perceptions.The authors show how public relations affects society-both positively and negatively-and use a range of global, contemporary examples from multi-national corporations through to the non-profit sector to prove their point. The authors have thoroughly revised and updated the book with discussion of new issues, including the search within the profession for a definition of PR; the role and limitations of social media; the emergence of Issues Management; how private politics is shaping corporate behavior; and the rise of global activism and the complications of working in a global world. The authors also provide a nuanced and balanced discussion of ethical concerns for professionals in the field that doesn’t rely on oversimplification of the issues. Well organized and clearly written by two leading scholars, this is a must-read for students and professionals in strategic communication.
Dialogue instead of a monologue : advertisers' expectations towards the media
Cases in public relations management : the rise of social media and activism
The Public relations handbook
Evaluating public relations : a guide to planning, research, and measurement (PR in practice)
Trust me, I'm lying : confessions of a media manipulator
Youtility : why smart marketing is about help not hype
Media relations : from a journalist's perspective
Public relations for dummies
You
Why do people produce content to user generated media? : a study of bloggers' motivations
Introducing public relations : theory and practice
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
Prepare for 15 seconds of fame : media contacts for researchers
Engaging with media in the fragmented media environment : using multiple methods to discover elements of media engagement
Media relations
The authors use research and case studies to illustrate how businesses are finding consistent growth and profits in the new Relationship Era by effectively using social media in lieu of traditional advertising and marketing strategies.
Successful public relations in a week
The focus of the below mentioned thesis is on the intercultural differences related to working with German and Chinese media and company’s provided information material. The Asian market has a huge potential for companies. Creating awareness of the company through media is an effective method, but there are differences in handling media relations in various countries. Thus arise research questions which ask how does media relations especially information materials and brochures in Germany and China differ? Which are the major differences? The thesis includes theoretical knowledge about the handling of public and media relations, and their influencing factors based on systematic research on literature, the Internet and statistics. The practical part of the thesis consists of an analysis of German and Chinese information material and a case study of Deutsche Post DHL, an international logistics group. Its media relations activities in both countries were explained based on an expert interview. Further, DHL’s information brochures for Chinese and German target group were evaluated by Chinese and German students within a phenomenological process. One of the major outcomes of the thesis is that political restriction related to media, changes journalists’ esteem and way of working. Chinese and German Information brochures differ in their use of visual effects and the amount of demanded information. Moreover, considering cultural habits and trends is essential for successfully managing media relations. In the future new communication technology might alter handling of media relations.
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
Inbound marketing : attract, engage, and delight customers online
Share This is a practical handbook to the biggest changes taking place in the media and its professions by the Chartered Institute of Public Relations (CIPR) Social Media Panel. The book was conceived and written by more than 20 public relations practitioners representing a cross-section of public, private and voluntary sector expertise using many of the social tools and techniques that it addresses. The book is split into 26 chapters over eight topic areas covering the media and public relations industry, planning, social networks, online media relations, monitoring and measurement, skills, industry change and the future of the industry. It's a pragmatic guide for anyone that works in public relations and wants to continue working in the industry.
Social selling luxury : Increase sales by engaging in the digital world
Evaluating the Impact of Social Media on Relationship Marketing
It's not just PR : public relations in society
Blogging for business : everything you need to know and why you should care
Marketing communications : interactivity, communities and content
Brand journalism
The end of business as usual : rewire the way you work to succeed in the consumer revolution
Social media in business-to-business companies' innovation
Share this too : more social media solutions for PR professionals
The conversation company : boost your business through culture, people and social media
Intercultural differences in media relations : a comparison of Germany and China based on the example of an international company's information material
Evaluating the Impact of Social Media on Traditional Marketing
This title offers PR solutions. Sport Public Relations: Managing Organizational Communication, Second Edition, takes a comprehensive, business like approach to the practice of public relations in sport. Rather than address public relations simply as a means of supporting the marketing function or stimulating media interest in an event or organization, this text recognizes PR as a function that is integral to many aspects of a sport organization's goals. The book covers all aspects of public relations, starting with the foundations of PR in sport and progressing all the way through legal and ethical issues that sport public relations professionals encounter. Readers will also consider the diverse forms of public relations practice, encompassing media, community, employee, investor, customer, donor and government relations.
The practice of public relations
He texted : the ultimate guide to decoding guys
The PR practitioner's desktop guide
"Here is a lucid, comprehensive PR case analysis of predominantly Korean examples. Prof. Won reveals an essential, practical formula to solving the complexity in communication strategy."--Back cover
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
The good girl
On social media in business-to-business marketing communications and customer relationship development : creating and enforcing social media policies : case: Digimedia Oy
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
Planning and Implementation of Marketing Communications Campaign for Finnish Film Princess : Case: The European Union Film Festival 2010
Media relations after the introduction of social media
Music export from Helsinki to Berlin and vice versa : case study: Face of God and Ill Kommodity
Voice-of-the-customer marketing : a revolutionary five-step process to create customers who care, spend, and stay
"The digital landscape has changed buyers' habits. Sales professionals now need to develop relationships with decision-makers through social networks to reach them early in the decision making process.Social Sellingprovides a practical, step-by-step outline for harnessing the skills and techniques necessary to achieve this, including developing a high quality community, building trust, developing authority and influence, and connecting with changemakers. It also discusses enterprise implementation of a social selling strategy, maturity and investment models necessary, risk and governance, and technology platforms. The chapters feature tips, checklists, and theoretical examples"--
Effective media relations : how to get results
Start a revolution : stop acting like a library
Captures how the global adoption of social media in these years has changed the way organizations and the public relate to one another. In this title, scholars provide insights into how emerging technologies require organizations to be interactive and authentic in virtual environments where control and creation of messages is a shared process.
Modern romance
The planning and development of company X's social media marketing activities in Finland
Brilliant networking : what the best networkers know do and say
The role, the goal and the soul of professional public relations : developing a holistic model of PR professionalism
Media today : an introduction to mass communication
Measuring the quality of media relations in an EU institution : developing and testing a measurement model
Do your own PR : the A-Z of growing your business through the press, networking & social media
Health communication in the 21st century
Finding a new way for Finnish marketers to attract Chinese customers by using the social media
"This edited volume addresses the pressing need to establish a unified theoretical framework for adolescent online social communication research, specifically, identify the role and function of the Internet in adolescent social communication behavior, dynamic relationships among such things as adolescent social-psychological needs, personality, and social norms in online communication, and theories with practices in adolescent online social communication"--Provided by publisher.
Can't buy me like : how authentic customer connections drive superior results
