http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p25920 development platforms
development platforms
Programming Arduino with LabVIEW : build interactive and fun learning projects with Arduino using LabVIEW
Sustainable market farming : intensive vegetable production on a few acres
Startup dilemmas : strategic problems of early-stage platforms on the internet
Raspberry Pi projects for dummies
The emergence of platforms is a novel phenomenon impacting most industries, from products to services. Industry platforms such as Microsoft Windows or Google, embedded within industrial ecosystems, have redesigned our industrial landscapes, upset the balance of power between firms, fostered innovation and raised new questions on competition and innovation. Annabelle Gawer presents cutting-edge contributions from 24 top international scholars from 19 universities across Europe, the USA and Asia, from the disciplines of strategy, economics, innovation, organization studies and knowledge management. The novel insights assembled in this volume constitute a fundamental step towards an empirically based, nuanced understanding of the nature of platforms and the implications they hold for the evolution of industrial innovation. The book provides an overview of platforms and discusses governance, management, design and knowledge issues. With a multidisciplinary approach, this book will strongly appeal to academics and advanced students in management, innovation, strategy, economics and design. It will also prove an enlightening read for business managers in IT industries.
Programming for PaaS
The TAB book of Arduino projects : 36 things to make with shields and proto shields
"Arduino is the open source electronics prototyping platform that's taken the design and hobbyist world by storm. This thorough introduction, updated for Arduino 1.0, gives you lots of ideas for projects and helps you work with them right away. From getting organized to putting the final touches on your prototype, all the information you need is here! Inside you'll learn about: Interaction design and physical computing; The Arduino hardware and software development environment; Basics of electricity and electronics; Prototyping on a solderless breadboard; Drawing a schematic diagram"--Page 4 of cover.
Life-based design for technical solutions in social and voluntary work
Programming Arduino : getting started with sketches
Platforms, markets and innovation
ArduinoTM + AndroidTM projects for the evil genius : control arduino with your smartphone or tablet
Abstract.
Lego and Arduino projects
Integration Platform for Biomedical Image Analysis
Arduino and Lego projects
Professional Android application development
Sustainable organic waste management in tree-seedling production
WebSphere Application Server
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Advanced Technologies and Management Towards Sustainable Greenhouse Ecosystems : GreenSys2011 : Athens, Greece, June 5-10, 2011
Getting started with Arduino
Technical framework in game development startups
Java EE 7 : the big picture
Arduino workshop : a hands-on introduction with 65 projects
The internet of things shapes industrial ecosystems (English Summary)
Test automation for WebSphere Commerce Application : comparison of Robot Framework and Selenium WebDriver technologies
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Responsible Peatland Management and Growing Media Production : Québec City, Canada, June 13-17, 2011
