http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26040 colleagues
colleagues
Hello my name is Doris
The brother
Crew and Co. : A collection of six stories
A tribute to Keith Moon : (there is no substitute)
Growing up in the slums around Stockholm, Yasmine vowed to protect her little brother from harm. She broke her promise on the day she left home, abandoning Fadi to his fate: just another immigrant kid in the ghetto. It's been five years since Yasmine saw her brother, but she has thought of him every day. Then she gets a message that he is dead, killed by a US drone in Syria. But something doesn't add up. Could sweet-natured Fadi really have become a rebel soldier? And why are there rumours that he is still alive? As Stockholm erupts into the worst riots the city has ever known, Yasmine must comb the streets to find her brother, and uncover the truth. What she doesn't know is that the truth could destroy them all.
The altogether unexpected disappearance of Atticus Craftsman
The lost years
The unlikely pilgrimage of harold fry
Sugar and spice
The gum thief
Mean girls at work : how to stay professional when things get personal
The forgotten waltz
The killing lessons
"Here I could say what I probably wouldn't have said elsewhere" : teachers' peer group as a narrative environment.
The calling of the grave
Dealing with difficult people
A darkness more than night
The fifth vial
Scarlet feather
Supersonic : personal situations with Oasis (1992-96)
The devil's star
Victim without a face
Death of an expert witness
Flirting with disaster
A mind to murder
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec is called to investigate the death of a villager at an Easter séance that was held at the Old Hadley House.
When she was bad
The leopard
Welcome to the jungle
A loyal character dancer
The unlikely pilgrimage of Harold Fry
Impossible to please : how to deal with perfectionist coworkers, controlling spouses and other incredibly critical people
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Mean girls at work: how to stay professional when things get personal
The cruelest month
Wayward Pines : 3 in 1 collection
Scarlet Feather
Servant x service. 1
A mind to murder : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
Can you keep a secret?
