http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26081 discourse theories
discourse theories
The unspeakable : discourse, dialogue, and rhetoric in the postmodern world
Towards a 'Natural' Narratology
Critical discourse analysis. Vol. 3, Doing CDA/case studies
Narrative theory and the cognitive sciences
Discreet indiscretions : the social organization of gossip
Psychology for the third millennium : integrating mainstream and normative human science
Metaphor and political discourse : analogical reasoning in debates about Europe
Critical discursive psychology
Towards a discourse theory of abstracts and abstracting
Knowledge : critical concepts. Vol. 4, Politics and knowledge
Literary theories in praxis
Society as text : essays on rhetoric, reason and reality
Organizational creativity : hegemonic and alternative discourses
A systematic introduction to discourse analysis as a body of theories and methods for social research. Introduces three approaches and explains the distinctive philosophical premises and theoretical perspectives of each approach.
The poetics of Norman Mailer's nonfiction : self-reflexivity, literary form, and the rhetoric of narrative
Unruly practices : power, discource and gender in contemporary social theory
The subject and the text : essays on literary theory and philosophy
New theories of discourse : Laclau, Mouffe, and Žižek
Rape in war, rape in Yugoslavia : feminist theory and media reflection
Conversation and discourse : structure and interpretation
Imagining economics otherwise : encounters with identity/difference
Theories of nationalism : a critical introduction
Argumentation : analysis and practices
Phraseology : an interdisciplinary perspective
Historical knowledge : in quest of theory, method and evidence
Methods of critical discourse analysis
Discourse theory in European politics : identity, policy and governance
History and poetics of intertextuality
On language and linguistics
In Strategic Maneuvering in Argumentative Discourse, Frans H. van Eemeren brings together the dialectical and the rhetorical dimensions of argumentation by introducing the concept of strategic maneuvering. Strategic maneuvering refers to the arguer's continual efforts to reconcile More... aiming for effectiveness with being reasonable. It takes place in all stages of argumentative discourse and manifests itself simultaneously in the choices that are made from the topical potential available at a particular stage, in adaptation to audience demand, and in the use of specific presentational devices. Strategic maneuvering derails when in the specific context in which the discourse takes place a rule for critical discussion has been violated, so that a fallacy has been committed. Van Eemeren makes clear that extending the pragma-dialectical approach to argumentation by taking account of strategic maneuvering leads to a richer and more precise method for analyzing and evaluating argumentative discourse.
Register analysis : theory and practice
"United in Destiny" : The Construction of National Identity in the United Arab Emirates 2008-2011
Design as research : positions, arguments, perspectives
French discourse analysis : the method of post-structuralism
Genre knowledge in disciplinary communication : cognition, culture, power
Text and epistemology
Theories of discourse : an introduction
In this ground breaking work of synthesis, Monika Fludernik combines insights from literary theory and linguistics to provide a challenging new theory of narrative. This book is both an historical survey and theoretical study, with the author drawing on an enormous range of examples from the earliest oral study to contemporary experimental fiction. She uses these examples to prove that recent literature, far from heralding the final collapse of narrative, represents the epitome of a centuries long developmental process.
Disciplining Foucault : feminism, power, and the body
Linguistic criticism
The aims of representation : subject, text, history
Argumentation : across the lines of discipline : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
Approaches to discourse, poetics and psychiatry
It has been argued that the discourses of western culture are thoroughly masculinist and offer no place for women. Women's only alternative are to speak in a masculine voice, construct a new language, or be silent. Foucault's highly influential analyses of power and knowledge would therefore be irrelevant for the women's movement, and use of his discourse might even undermine feminism as an emancipatory project. In this book Jane Sawicki argues that a Foucaldian feminism is possible. She rejects the view that the power of the phallocentric is total. Instead, like Foucault, she sees discourse as ambiguous, a source of conflict. Women can adapt language to their own ends. They may not have total control over it but neither do men. Sawicki argues that Foucault offers insightful hypotheses about how to uncover power relations normally overlooked in social and political theory. Emphasising Foucault's later works she fleshes out his undeveloped remarks about resistance in order to show how his discourse can be used to support specific liberatory struggles, namely those for sexual and reproductive freedom. At the same time she develops constructive critiques of certain tendencies in current feminist analyses that threaten to suppress differences among women. She looks at mothering theory and asks in a geneological vein: When did the idea of the mother as an emotional nurturer emerge? When did the idea of women's status as reproducer prevail? A Foucauldian, she argues, must beware of the normalizing features of mothering theory itself. Does it unwittingly reinforce heterosexist norms?
A theory of race
Rational choice and democratic deliberation : a theory of discourse failure
The changing nature of knowledge : mapping the discource of the Malmö longitudinal study 1939-1995
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Key concepts in critical social theory
What is theory? : cultural theory as discourse and dialogue
Textual parameters in older languages
Immigration and ethnic diversity in Finnish and Dutch magazines : articulations of subject positions and symbolic communities
A discourse-centered approach to culture : native South American myths and rituals
Argumentation : analysis and practices : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
A.J. Greimas and the nature of meaning : linguistics, semiotics and discourse theory
Westerners and others in finnish school textbooks
The archaeology of knowledge and The discourse on language
Texts and practices : readings in critical discourse analysis
Strategic maneuvering in argumentative discourse : extending the pragma-dialectical theory of argumentation
Discourse theory and practice : a reader
Critical discourse analysis. Vol. 4, Applications, interdisciplinary perspectives and new trends
This book provides a showcase for a wide range of discourse analytical work in psychology from a feminist perspective. It constitutes a thorough critical evaluation of this approach for the feminist project of intellectual, social and political change. Leading researchers explore the benefits and contradictions of discourse analysis and consider its value for feminist psychology. The first part of the book illustrates the application of discourse analysis to four key topics of feminist concern: adolescent knowledge about menstruation; sexual harassment; gendered representations of childhood; and anorexia nervosa. The second part contains five assessments of the usefulness of discourse analysis - both as theory and as method
Making sense of discourse analysis
Articulating a new Nepal : discourses of transformation during the peace process between 2005 and 2012
Critical psychology : an introduction
Handbook of argumentation theory : a critical survey of classical backgrounds and modern studies
Writing religion : the case for the critical study of religion
Discourse analysis : as theory and method
Marketing discourse : a critical perspective
"Most of our knowledge is acquired by discourse, and our ability to produce and understand discourse is impossible without the activation of massive amounts of knowledge of the world. Both 'discourse' and 'knowledge' are fundamental concepts of the humanities and social sciences, but they are often treated separately. Based on a theory of natural knowledge, the book deals with the cognitive processes, social distribution, cultural differences and the linguistic and discursive 'management' of knowledge in interaction and communication in epistemic communities. The first book to adopt a multidisciplinary approach to studying the relationship between the two concepts, Discourse and Knowledge introduces the new field of epistemic discourse analysis. Using a wide range of examples to illustrate the theory, it is essential reading for both students and academics interested in epistemology, linguistics, discourse analysis, cognitive and social psychology and the social sciences"--
Economics and language : five essays
From discourse to logic : introduction to modeltheoretic semantics of natural language, formal logic and discourse representation theory
Questioning geography : fundamental debates
Literary studies in reconstruction : an introduction to literature
Dividing politics along sectarian lines in Lebanon : the religious subject in Lebanese politics
Critical discourse analysis : theory and interdisciplinarity
Engaging theories in interpersonal communication : multiple perspectives
Telling madness : narrative, diagnosis, power, and literary theory
The rule of metaphor : multi-disciplinary studies of the creation of meaning in language
The textlinguistic omnibus : a survey of methods for analysis
Justification and application : remarks on discourse ethics
Feminism and discourse : psychological perspectives
An introduction to discourse analysis : theory and method
The legacy of Zellig Harris : language and information into the 21st century. Vol. 1, Philosophy of science, syntax, and semantics
Discourse and knowledge : a sociocognitive approach
Critical discourse analysis. Vol. 1, Concepts, history, theory
Economics and language
Words matter in policy and planning : discourse theory and method in the social sciences
The fictions of language and the languages of fiction : the linguistic representation of speech and consciousness
The archaeology of knowledge
Argumentation : perspectives and approaches : proceedings of the Conference on Argumentation 1986
Critical discourse analysis. Vol. 2, Methodologies
Sociolinguistic patterns
Discourse and knowledge : the making of Enlightenment sociology
Questions and questioning
