http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26004 precast concrete
precast concrete
Finite element design of concrete structures : practical problems and their solution
Development of reinforcement of sandwich facade element
Production line automation in the concrete element factories : scientific-technical cooperation seminar between Soviet Union and Finland, Espoo 24th August, 1989
NEW TECHNOLOGIES IN CONSTRUCTING CONCRETE STRUCTURES
"Knowledge, technology and the future" : the second international symposium on prefabrication 17-19 May 2000, Helsinki : [proceedings]
PHC production management system based on RFID
Elematic 50 years : 1959-2009
Design of structural elements
Effect of accelerating admixture on early strength development of concrete
Prefabrication - facing the new century : international symposium 1-3 october 1997, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Prefabricated modular construction : a  practical comparative analysis between wood, concrete and steel modular units in Germany
Concrete at home : innovative forms and finishes : floors, walls, fireplaces, countertops
Precast Eurocode 2 : design manual : for the design of precast concrete building structures to BS EN 1992-1-1: 2004 and the UK National Annex: 2005 / R.S. Narayanan
Precast concrete floors in steel framed building
Accelerating admixtures shorten the time of setting and increase the rate of early strength development of concrete. The aim of this thesis was to study the possibilities of using new accelerating admixtures in precast concrete production. A series of tests were performed in a laboratory in order to find out the effect of accelerators on workability, heat generation and strength development of concrete. Tests were done with no-slump concrete and self-compacting concrete. The binders used in the tests were type CEM I Portland cements. One of these is in common use in Finnish production plants. The tests were carried out with an accelerator dosage at around the average of the preferred use range. Based on the results, accelerators are most beneficial in enhancing the production rate of elements that are difficult to heat after casting. Of the five accelerators tested, one improved the early strength development clearly more than the others. It is recommended that this accelerator is used as the reference when accelerating admixtures are evaluated.
Feasibility of sustainable approach in thermal renovation of existing prefabricated concrete panel building in Bulgaria
Design of prestressed concrete to Eurocode 2
Connections between precast concrete elements : Nordic Seminar Espoo, 12 March 1985
Suitability of Standard Finnish Precast Concrete Connections for Residential Building in Russia
Surface design in architecture : trend forecast and design collection development for Graphic Concrete
Concrete materials : problems and solutions
FIP planning and design handbook on precast building structures
