http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26066 magic realism
magic realism
Lady : my life as a bitch
The snow child
The round house
Midnight in Paris
The strange and beautiful sorrows of Ava Lavender
Beasts of the southern wild
The Rabbit Back literature society
The woman and the ape
Glass soup
Last action hero
Woman on top
The golem and the jinni
An ode to George Orwell's "1984" told in alternating male and female voices relates the stories of Aomame, an assassin for a secret organization who discovers that she has been transported to an alternate reality, and Tengo, a mathematics lecturer and novice writer.
The Vorrh
The language of dying
Tales of power
Winter's tale
The land of laughs
Sabrina, teininoita = Sabrina, the teenage witch. Tuotantokausi 5.
The trees
Not Before Sundown
"This is the first anthology of its kind in two ways: first, it points to a subtle shift away from privileging magical realism as a monolithic category in the literatures of the Americas and second, it focuses this critical approach highlighting the work of writers from all the major minority groups of color - US Latino/a, African American, Native American, and Asian American, Jewish American, or Iranian American ancestry - who deploy magical realist moments to refer to traumatic or suppressed histories. Groundbreaking essays by both established experts and rising scholars offer a myriad of methodologies, including literary, psychoanalytic, and trauma theories; historiography, myth, and mnemonic analyses; religious, anthropological, and Marxist approaches. Magical realist moments conceal and reveal traumatic pasts, suppressed histories, half-known memories, lies, truths, new affinities, and even signposts to the future."--Publisher's website.
Angels of destruction : a novel
Red prophet
The library of shadows
Bless me, Ultima
The palace of curiosities
Magical realism and the postcolonial novel : between faith and irreverence
The house of the spirits
Sabrina, teini-ikäinen noita = Sabrina, the teenage witch. Tuotantokausi 4.
Kafka on the shore
Pyke Koch : schilderijen en tekeningen = paintings and drawings : Museum Boymans-van Beuningen Rotterdam 26 februari tot en met 14 mei 1995  /  [organisatie tentoonstelling, redaktie catalogus = exhibition organized, catalogue edited by Talitha Schoon, Dory Kicken, Karel Schampers ; samenstelling en redaktie oeuvrecatalogus = catalogue raisonné compiled and edited by Carel Blotkamp in samenwerki
The golem and the djinni
Sabrina, teini-ikäinen noita = Sabrina, the teenage witch. Tuotantokausi 1.
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell
The unreal and the real : selected stories of Ursula K. Le Guin. Volume 2, Outer space, inner lands
"For years, critics have been asking if (and proclaiming that) magical realism is dead. Has this narrative mode, arguably the most important literary movement of the twentieth century, seen its day and become, now, an exhausted and dated form? Magical Realism and Cosmopolitanism emphatically contends that magical realism still has much to offer contemporary readers, critics, and authors. However, it has been unnecessarily limited by hermeneutical approaches that have restricted the form to particular, if significant, historical moments and concerns. Instead, this book argues, magical realism might be re-viewed for its potential to enact a range of potential functionalities. The particular function on which Magical Realism and Cosmopolitanism focuses is magical realism's capacity to construct sociological representations of belonging, a usage she traces closely in the late twentieth and early twenty-first century novels of Ben Okri, Salman Rushdie, Cristina Garcia, and Helen Oyeyemi. In demonstrating magical realism's capacity to strategize belonging, this book works not only to open up understandings of the mode to new possibilities, but also asks readers to consider ways these narratives are employing magical realism to engage contemporary, relevant concerns. Specifically, Sasser maps the preoccupation with belonging onto contemporary cosmopolitanism, that revived interdisciplinary discourse within which belonging is also a central concern, among other questions related to world citizenship. Magical realism, by enfleshing this pressing, renewed concern with belonging within narrative skin, thus demonstrates its continued purchase as a storytelling mode, one for whom the death knell need not yet be rung. "--
Narrative magic in the fiction of Isabel Allende
Moments of magical realism in US ethnic literatures
Sex criminals. Volume 2, Two worlds, one cop
Luka and the fire of life
The quiet roar
Life of Pi
The undertaking of Lily Chen
The republic of wine : a novel
After Dada : Marta Hegemann and the Cologne avant-garde
Sabrina, teini-ikäinen noita = Sabrina, the teenage witch. Tuotantokausi 2.
Two worlds, one cop
Sabrina, teini-ikäinen noita = Sabrina, the teenage witch. Tuotantokausi 3.
Midnight's children
Avenue of mysteries
Karlson Flies Again
Magical realism and cosmopolitanism : strategizing belonging
One weird trick
The Palace of Curiosities
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
