http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26007 competitor analysis
competitor analysis
The United States as a new market area - competition among the decorative wooden lighting pole manufacturers : case : Tehomet Oy
Competitor Analysis : Company X
Product concept analysis for guidance monitoring limited
Marketing Plan  : Abacus breaking into the Finnish market
MARKETING PLAN FOR E-COMMERCE START-UP COMPANY
Developing a brand positioning model for international strategic marketing
A marketing analysis of household appliances market in Finland : a case study for the Haier Group
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
A hunting club as a tourism service provider : case Sotkajärven metsästysseura ry
Learning from Rivals : Benchmarking for Martela Oyj
Analysis without paralysis : 12 tools to make better strategic decisions
Business plan for RoBo Gym : establishment of a new company and creating a competitive advantage
Cost evaluation process for competitors' products
Developing Services Provided to Labour Migrants in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
The business potential of live communication in the European Union : a market analysis of the European Union’s outsourced event and communication actions
This thesis is a competitor analysis for the simulation method Desim, which simulates real situations from the business world. It's good for teaching students how to act in different sectors, as well as training new employees. The area focused on in this thesis is the United Kingdom. The research conducted here is a competitor analysis according to the framework for competitor analysis presented by Michael E Porter. Further tools in this research consists of the SWOT analysis, categorization, strategic grouping, determining Desim's situation in the hypothetical market structure, as well as determining competitive forces within the industry. The competitor analyses show that simulation methods are not a new thing in the UK, and that there is no point in entering the market with big marketing moves. Desim is designed for educational purposes, so it's best to target it to universities and companies. The best way to do this is through co-operation with partner universities. Competition in the UK is tough, so it's best to introduce a new product to the market quietly. This only to avoid the competitors possible efforts to make the product fail in the market they've been operating in for quite some time already.
The process and challenges of establishing a consulting business : Tmi Helpperi
Competitor analysis for Hammerfest Strom in Indonesia
Quantitative models for performance evaluation and benchmarking : data envelopment analysis with spreadsheets
Creating a Competitive Advantage for the Commercial Real Estate Management Company on the Basis of Competitor Analysis : Case Study “Spektr”
Entering the Finnish market and choosing a market entry mode for manufacturer of wooden windows : case company X
Pre-feasibility study on the investment in a new SPA & wellness facility : Case Study: based on a hotel-restaurant in Germany
A feasibility study of market expansion for company X
Market analysis : case: ICT Center Salo Oy
A competitor strategy analysis in the global frequency converter market
Developing the service offering of an industrial company
Generating competitive advantage through competitor information systems
Market intelligence : building strategic insight
Principles and practice of marketing
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
Improving Sales Promotion of a Beverage Company in Nigeria
Competitor analysis for the simulation method Desim
Aim of this thesis is to analyze the operating environment of the case company. This thesis will provide techniques to competitor analysis as well as presenting a framework to measure the competitive forces influencing company's competitive environment. This thesis will also consider the company's external environment by using PEST-analysis as a framework. Techniques to analyze company's internal environment by SWOT-analysis will also be presented.  The case company, ICT Center Salo Oy, is a concentration of ICT-industry corporations in the city of Salo, in industrial area of Meriniitty right next to the city center. ICT Center Salo Oy is a limited liability company (Ltd.) founded on 10.12.2009 whose branch of business is a real estates rental and management.  It provides production premises and offices in different sizes as well as conference rooms for companies to rent.  The operating environment in Salo has changed dramatically since the foundation year of 2009 and the situation in the city can be described as poor at the moment. Salo is declared as an area of sudden structural change and this thesis studies what kind of threats and opportunities this structural change provides to the operations of one single case company within the area. Changes in the operating environment were analyzed by using PEST-analysis. As prospects for future are uncertain company's operations were compared to its competitors' operations in order to find out whether ICT Center Salo Oy has the resources to remain competitive in the future.  The result of the analysis reveals that ICT Center Salo Oy has all the required resources that are needed for success in the future but it should increase its advertising in order to attract new customers.
Business plan for a european style coffee shop in Ho Chi Minh city : case: AT Ltd. Company
Competitor analysis for Feelback Ltd - A base for strategic decision making
Utilising social media for e-commerce
Market entry plan for finnish solar energy technology : case: Suncol Oy & Germany
