http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26069 burial traditions
burial traditions
Roll back the stone : death and burial in the world of Jesus
The changing face of death : historical accounts of death and disposal
Abstract.
Concluding summary: From pagan to Christian : changes of funeral rites and burial customs in Scandinavia c. 800-c. 1200.
House urns : study of a late Bronze Age trans-cultural phenomenon
The price of death : the funeral industry in contemporary Japan
Fællesnordisk råd for arkæologistuderende : Nordisk Kontaktseminar 2009
The archaeology of post-medieval religion
Mors Britannica : lifestyle and death-style in Britain today
The place of the dead : death and remembrance in late medieval and early modern Europe
Night of stone : death and memory in Russia
Contextualising grave inventories in the Ancient Near East : proceedings of a workshop at the London 7th ICAANE in April 2010 and an international symposium in Tübingen in November 2010, both organised by the Tübingen Post-Graduate School "Symbols of the Dead"
The dwellings of eternity
Ancestors and elites : emergent complexity and ritual practices in the Casas Grandes polity
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
The Minoans : Crete in the Bronze Age
People of the Wetlands : bogs, bodies and lake-dwellers
Funerary ritual and symbolism : an interdisciplinary interpretation of burial practices in late Iron Age Finland
Social archaeology of funerary remains
Since prehistoric times, Andean societies have been organized around the ayllu, a grouping of real or ceremonial kinspeople who share labor, resources, and ritual obligations. Many Andean scholars believe that the ayllu is as ancient as Andean culture itself, possibly dating back as far as 6000 B.C., and that is arose to alleviate the hardships of farming in the mountainous Andean environment.
Children's graves and conversion to christianity in Finland
Materialising modern cemeteries : archaeological narratives of Assistens cemetery, Copenhagen
In this boldly revisionist book, however, William Isbell persuasively argues that the ayllu developed during the latter half of the Early Intermediate Period (around A.D. 200) as a means of resistance to the process of state formation. Drawing on archaeological evidence, as well as records of Inca life taken from the chroniclers, Isbell asserts that prehistoric ayllus were organized around the veneration of deceased ancestors, whose mummified bodies were housed in open sepulchers, or chullpas, where they could be visited by descendants seeking approval and favors. By charting the temporal and spatial distribution of chullpa ruins, Isbell offers a convincing new explanation of where, when, and why the ayllu developed.
The Oxford handbook of the archaeology of death and burial
Russian life in Finland 1917-1939 : a local and oral history
A global history of child death : mortality, burial, and parental attitudes
Mummies and mortuary monuments : a postprocessual prehistory of central Andean social organization
The burial cairns and the landscape in the archipelago of Åboland, SW Finland, in the Bronze Age and the Iron Age
Sacred darkness : a global perspective on the ritual use of caves
The Complete valley of the kings : tombs and treasures of Egypt's greatest pharaos
Suomen merimuseo = The Maritime Museum of Finland : annual report 1993
Rome, Constantinople and newly-converted Europe : archaeological and historical evidence
How do children construct, negotiate and organize space? The study of social space in any human group is fraught with limitations, and to these we must add the further limits involved in the study of childhood. Here specialists from archaeology, history, literature, architecture, didactics, museology and anthropology build a body of theoretical and methodological approaches about how space is articulated and organised around children and how this disposition affects the creation and maintenance of social identities. Children are considered as the main actors in historic dynamics of social change, from prehistory to the present day. Notions on space, childhood and the construction of both the individual and the group identity of children are considered as a prelude to papers that focus on analysing and identifying the spaces which contribute to the construction of children’s identity during their lives: the places they live, learn, socialize and play. A final section deals with these same aspects, but focuses on funerary contexts, in which children may lose their capacity to influence events, as it is adults who establish burial strategies and practices. In each case authors ask questions such as: how do adults construct spaces for children? How do children manage their own spaces? How do people (adults and children) build (invisible and/or physical) boundaries and spaces?
The old traditional way of life : essays in honor of Warren E. Roberts
Fashionable mourning jewelry, clothing & customs
Sure to provoke lively debate in many quarters, this book will promote a serious revision of Andean prehistory. It holds broad ramifications for anthropologists, archaeologists, ethnohistorians, art and architectural historians, and geographers interested in the Andes.
New Grange and the Bend of the Boyne
House urns : a European late Bronze Age trans-cultural phenomenon
Forgotten cities on the Indus : early civilization in Pakistan from the 8th to the 2nd millennium BC
Now - after
Cemeteries and society in Merovingian Gaul : selected studies in history and archaeology, 1992-2009
Magija amuletov = The magic of amulets : zbornik prispevkov
Embodied knowledge : historical perspectives on belief and technology
Obrządek pogrzebowy kultur pochodzenia naddunajskiego w neolicie Polski południowo-wschodniej (5600/5500-2900BC) = Funerary rite of the Danubian cultures in the Neolithic of southeastern Poland (5600/5500-2900BC)
The christianisation of Finland : a case of want of power in a peripheral area
Memorials to the Roman dead
The Megalithic culture of Northern Europe
The impact of materiality on Sámi burial customs and religious concepts
Body parts and bodies whole : changing relations and meanings
Anglo-Saxon Deviant Burial Customs is the first detailed consideration of the ways in which Anglo-Saxon society dealt with social outcasts. Beginning with the period following Roman rule and ending in the century following the Norman Conquest, it surveys a period of fundamental social change, which included the conversion to Christianity, the emergence of the late Saxon state, and the development of the landscape of the Domesday Book. While an impressive body of written evidence for the period survives in the form of charters and law-codes, archaeology is uniquely placed to investigate the earliest period of post-Roman society, the fifth to seventh centuries, for which documents are lacking. For later centuries, archaeological evidence can provide us with an independent assessment of the realities of capital punishment and the status of outcasts. Andrew Reynolds argues that outcast burials show a clear pattern of development in this period.In the pre-Christian centuries, 'deviant' burial remains are found only in community cemeteries, but the growth of kingship and the consolidation of territories during the seventh century witnessed the emergence of capital punishment and places of execution in the English landscape. Locally determined rites, such as crossroads burial, now existed alongside more formal execution cemeteries. Gallows were located on major boundaries, often next to highways, always in highly visible places. The findings of this pioneering national study thus have important consequences on our understanding of Anglo-Saxon society. Overall, Reynolds concludes, organized judicial behaviour was a feature of the earliest Anglo-Saxon kingdoms, rather than just the two centuries prior to the Norman Conquest.
The urbanisation of Etruria : funerary practices and social change, 700-600 BC
Grave matters : eight studies of First Millennium AD burials in Crimea, England and southern Scandinavia : papers from a session held at the European Association of Archaeologists, fourth annual meeting in Göteborg 1998
Marrying and burying : rites of passage in a man's life
Midnight in the garden of good and evil : a Savannah story
Masking Moments : the transitions of bodies and beings in Late Iron Age Scandinavia
Children, Spaces and Identity
Taming time, timing death : social technologies and ritual
Political economy of Bronze- and Iron Age societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Anglo-Saxon deviant burial customs
Corporate power structures as indicated in archaeological evidence : the case on Estonia in the Middle Iron Age and Viking Age : [discussion]
The Mycenaeans
Summary: Aspects of changing in Estonian death culture.
Representations of death : a social psychological perspective
The sea their graves : an archaeology of death and remembrance in maritime culture
Death embodied : archaeological approaches to the treatment of the corpse
Sacred sites : burial customs in south Scandinavian Bronze and Iron Age
Landscapes of gender, age and cosmology : burial perceptions in Viking Age Iceland
Death and changing rituals : function and meaning in ancient funerary practices
The bog man and the archaeology of people
Practices for the living and the dead : medieval and post-Reformation burials in Scandinavia
Naarankalmanmäki : an Iron Age complex in Lempäälä, southern Finland
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
The Parthians
The funerary landscape at Knossos : a diachronic study of Minoan burial customs with special reference to the warrior graves
Japanese tree burial : ecology, kinship and the culture of death
Moche burial patterns : an investigation into prehispanic social culture
Burial in Medieval Ireland, 900 - 1500 : a review of the written sources
Burial customs of the Skolt Lapps
The power of death : contemporary reflections on death in western society
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
Tragic spirits : shamanism, memory, and gender in contemporary Mongolia
Sacred claims : repatriation and living tradition
The third supplementary volume of the series “Qaṭna Studien” contains the contributions from the workshop “Symbols of the Dead”, held at the 7th ICAANE in London on 14th and 15th April 2010, and the symposium “Grave Inventories and their (Inter)regional Context. An Interdisciplinary Approach”, which was held in Tübingen between 25th and 27th November 2010. Both conferences were organized by the post-graduate school “Symbols of the Dead”. This volume comprises theoretical discussions and archaeological case studies, as well as archaeometric analytical studies so as to identify the composition and provenance of objects, inter alia from grave contexts. The contributions cover a geographical field spanning Syria, Mesopotamia, the Syro-Anatolian regions, Jordan, Egypt, and the Aegean, and they chronologically span from the 4th to the 1st millennia B.C. They either compare different regions in one single period, or one region over several periods. Thus, the volume offers insights into different approaches to interpreting mortuary practices, the symbolism of grave goods, and the interaction of the living with the dead. The papers are divided into three sections – “The Dead, The Ancestors and the Living”; “Mortuary Rituals”; “Grave Goods, Food and Offerings” – each referring to a prominent aspect of the symbolism of the dead in the Ancient Near East. At the same time, these sections represent major fields of research within mortuary studies in recent years.
Nature's embrace : Japan's aging urbanites and new death rites
Given to the ground : a Viking age mass grave on Ridgeway Hill, Weymouth
Early Buddhist Japan
Meroe : a civilization of the Sudan
Neolithic human burial practices : the interpretation of funerary behaviors at Bronocice, Poland
