http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26063 Akkadian literature
Akkadian literature
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 4
Legal and commercial transactions : dated in the Assyrian, Neo-Babylonian and Persian periods chiefly from Nippur
Joint expedition with the Iraq Museum at Nuzi : miscellaneous texts
The earliest version of the Babylonian Deluge story : and the temple library of Nippur
The Neo-Assyrian myth of Ištar's descent and resurrection : introduction, cuneiform text, and transliteration with a translation, glossary, and extensive commentary
Lingering over words : studies in ancient Near Eastern literature in honor of William L. Moran
The monolith inscription of Salmaneser II (860-824 B.C.) : collated, transcribed, translated and explained together with text, transcription, translation and explanation of the throne-inscription of Salmaneser II
Sumerian hymns and prayers to god Dumu-Zi or Babylonian lenten songs from the temple library of Nippur
Letters in the British Museum. Part 2
Old Babylonian legal and administrative texts from Philadelphia
Babylonian legal and business documents : from the time of the first dynasty of Babylon chiefly from Sippar
The standard Babylonian Epic of Anzu
Babylonian horoscopes
Before the muses : an anthology of Akkadian literature. Volume 1, Archaic, classical, mature
The Babylonian theodicy : introduction, cuneiform text and transliteration with a translation, glossary and commentary
Old Sumerian and Old Akkadian texts in Philadelphia : chiefly from Nippur. Vol. 1, Literary and lexical texts and the earliest administrative documents from Nippur
Saros cycle dates and related Babylonian astronomical texts
Old Babylonian letters from Tell Asmar
Joint expedition with the Iraq Museum at Nuzi : inheritance texts
Babylonian legal and business documents : from the time of the first dynasty of Babylon chiefly from Nippur
The return of Ninurta to Nippur : an-gim dím-ma
Miraculously preserved on clay tablets dating back as much as four thousand years, the poem of Gilgamesh, king of Uruk, is the world's oldest epic, predating Homer by many centuries. The story tells of Gilgamesh's adventures with the wild man Enkidu, and of his arduous journey to the ends of the earth in quest of the Babylonian Noah and the secret of immortality. Alongside its themes of family, friendship and the duties of kings, the Epic of Gilgamesh is, above all, about mankind's eternal struggle with the fear of death.
Letters from collections in Philadelphia, Chicago and Berkeley
Letters in the British Museum
Letter of king Anum-Hirbi of Mama to king Warshama of Kanish
Joint expedition with the Iraq Museum at Nuzi : exchange and security documents
Miscellaneous Assyrian texts of the British Museum with textual notes
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 9
Babylonian liver omens : the chapters Manzāzu, Padānu and Pān tākalti of the Babylonian extispicy series mainly from Aššurbanipal's library
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 12
Joint expedition with the Iraq Museum at Nuzi : declarations in court
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 11
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 8
A catalogue of the late Babylonian tablets in the Bodleian Library, Oxford
Ludlul bēl nēmeqi : the standard Babylonian poem of the righteous sufferer : introduction, cuneiform text, and transliteration with a translation and glossary
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the K̮. collection of the British Museum. Part 3
The omen series šumma izbu
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 10
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 13
Joint expedition with the Iraq Museum at Nuzi : proceedings in court
Šurpu : a collection of Sumerian and Akkadian incantations
Letters from Early Mesopotamia
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 7
Joint expedition with the Iraq Museum at Nuzi : mixed texts
Early exploration in Mesopotamia : with a list of the Assyro-Babylonian cuneiform texts published before 1851
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 14
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 6
The scourge of God : the Umman-manda and its significance in the first millenium BC
Male and female in the epic of Gilgamesh : encounters, literary history, and interpretation
The epic of Gilgamesh
The epic of Gilgamesh : the Babylonian epic poem and other texts in Akkadian and Sumerian
Mesopotamian precursors of the Hymn of the Pearl
Mathematical, metrological and chronological tablets : from the temple library of Nippur
The standard Babylonian myth of Nergal and Eres̆kigal : introduction, cuneiform text and transliteration with a translation, glossary and commentary
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the K̮. collection of the British Museum. Part 2
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the K̮. collection of the British Museum. Part 1
Assyrian and Babylonian letters : belonging to the Kouyunjik Collections of the British Museum. Part 5
Royal inscriptions : the Brockmon tablets at the University of Haifa
