http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26070 skirts
skirts
Fashions of the gilded age. Volume 1, Undergarments, bodices, skirts, overskirts, polonaises and day dresses 1877-1882
Flat patterns cutting and modelling for fashion
Twinkle sews : 25 handmade fashions from the runway to your wardrobe
Chic & simple sewing : skirts, dresses, tops, and jackets for the modern seamstress
"Drape Drape 3 is the follow-up to the cult Japanese draping books Drape Drape and Drape Drape 2, and the latest in the new series from Bunka Fashion College. It includes 15 stylish contemporary designs for dresses, skirts, tunics and blouses, with easy-to-follow instructions and diagrams that skilfully guide the reader to create draped garments step by step. With two full-scale patterns at the back, this book provides a variety of new design ideas and practical construction tips for readers looking to continue exploring draping techniques."--Front jacket flap.
Stylish skirts : learn how to sew, customise and style your very own skirts
Basic pattern skills for fashion design
Encyclopedia of fashion details
If you want to sew your own clothes but are put off by the idea of cutting out pattern pieces covered with dotted lines and symbols, this is the book for you. Using Rosie Martin's innovative method, you begin with nothing but a rectangle, circle or triangle of fabric and some basic body measurements. Next, follow the detailed step-by-step photographs and diagrams to complete your garment. You'll need a sewing machine, but no special equipment or expensive fabrics. With plenty of variations suggested, you can play with the designs to make garments exactly the way you want them.
Skirt-a-day sewing : create 28 skirts for a unique look every day
Pattern cutting and making up : The professional approach 2 cutting and making skirts and sleeves
New Encyclopedia of Fashion Details : Over 1000 Fashion Details
Icons of women's style
Sew what! skirts : 16 simple styles you can make with fabulous fabrics
Easy guide to sewing : tops and t-shirts, skirts, and pants
Women in trousers
Key moments in fashion : from haute couture to streetwear; key collections, major figures and crucial moments that changed  the course of fashion history from 1890 to the 1990s
The sewing bible : clothing
Pattern cutting made easy : a step by step introduction
Professional patternmaking for designers : women's wear, men's casual wear
Draping : the complete course
Waist down : skirts by Miuccia Prada
Bias-cut dressmaking
Modern top-down knitting : sweaters, dresses, skirts & accessories : inspired by techniques of Barbara Walker
Patternmaking in fashion step by step = La création des patrons de mode pas à pas = Schnittmuster entwerfen Schritt für Schritt
The BurdaStyle : sewing handbook
Design-it-yourself clothes : patternmaking simplified
Easy guide to sewing : tops and T-shirts, skirts, and pants
No patterns needed : DIY couture from simple shapes
One-piece wearables : 25 chic garments and accessories to sew from single-pattern pieces
Hidden femininity : 20th century lingerie
The Palauan women's skirt, the cheriut skirt
