http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26023 agents (actors)
agents (actors) actors (active cause)
Groups as agents
The role of human rights in foreign policy
Caught between standardisation and complexity : study on the institutional ambiguities of agri-environmental policy implementation in Finland
Project organisations and governance : processes, actors, actions and participatory procedures
Business life pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Globalization and organization : world society and organizational change
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
Agent-based modelling of socio-technical systems
Management accounting change in public health care
Participation in infrastructuring the future school : a nexus analytic inquiry
Queen will rock you
Constructing the world polity : essays on international institutionalization
Japan's quest for a role in the world : roles ascribed to Japan nationally and internationally, 1969-1982
Exploring the social without a separate domain for religion : on actor-network theory and religion
Multilevel networks in European foreign policy
Living labs as open innovation networks : networks, roles and innovation outcomes
Social self-organization : agent-based simulations and experiments to study emergent social behavior
"The Final Volume of the Groundbreaking Trilogy on Agent-Based ModelingIn this pioneering synthesis, Joshua Epstein introduces a new theoretical entity: Agent Zero. This software individual, or "agent," is endowed with distinct emotional/affective, cognitive/deliberative, and social modules. Grounded in contemporary neuroscience, these internal components interact to generate observed, often far-from-rational, individual behavior. When multiple agents of this new type move and interact spatially, they collectively generate an astonishing range of dynamics spanning the fields of social conflict, psychology, public health, law, network science, and economics.Epstein weaves a computational tapestry with threads from Plato, Hume, Darwin, Pavlov, Smith, Tolstoy, Marx, James, and Dostoevsky, among others. This transformative synthesis of social philosophy, cognitive neuroscience, and agent-based modeling will fascinate scholars and students of every stripe. Epstein's computer programs are provided in the book or on its Princeton University Press website, along with movies of his "computational parables." Agent Zero is a signal departure in what it includes (e.g., a new synthesis of neurally grounded internal modules), what it eschews (e.g., standard behavioral imitation), the phenomena it generates (from genocide to financial panic), and the modeling arsenal it offers the scientific community. For generative social science, Agent Zero presents a groundbreaking vision and the tools to realize it"--
Actor-network theory in education
Summary: Knowledge practices and agency in environmental politics.
A new world order
Non-governmental organisations in international law
The role of the European Union at the United Nations Human Rights Council
Stakeholder relations in macro-regional science cooperation : case study : Stakeholder analysis for BONUS joint research and development programme
Where Do the Construction Projects Come from? : The Case of the Kumpula Project
World politics : trend and transformation
The nature of international law
Digital innovation : orchestrating network activities
Causes, laws, and free will : why determinism doesn't matter
Global business regulation
The future of the international legal order. 1, Trends and patterns
Actor-network theory and organizing
What are the principles that keep our society together? This question is even more difficult to answer than the long-standing question, what are the forces that keep our world together. However, the social challenges of humanity in the 21st century ranging from the financial crises to the impacts of globalization, require us to make fast progress in our understanding of how society works, and how our future can be managed in a resilient and sustainable way. This book can present only a few very first steps towards this ambitious goal. However, based on simple models of social interactions, one can already gain some surprising insights into the social, "macro-level" outcomes and dynamics that is implied by individual, "micro-level" interactions. Depending on the nature of these interactions, they may imply the spontaneous formation of social conventions or the birth of social cooperation, but also their sudden breakdown. This can end in deadly crowd disasters or tragedies of the commons (such as financial crises or environmental destruction). Furthermore, we demonstrate that classical modeling approaches (such as representative agent models) do not provide a sufficient understanding of the self-organization in social systems resulting from individual interactions. The consideration of randomness, spatial or network interdependencies, and nonlinear feedback effects turns out to be crucial to get fundamental insights into how social patterns and dynamics emerge. Given the explanation of sometimes counter-intuitive phenomena resulting from these features and their combination, our evolutionary modeling approach appears to be powerful and insightful. The chapters of this book range from a discussion of the modeling strategy for socio-economic systems over experimental issues up the right way of doing agent-based modeling. We furthermore discuss applications ranging from pedestrian and crowd dynamics over opinion formation, coordination, and cooperation up to^
International organizations and their exercise of sovereign powers
Oxford studies in agency and responsibility. Volume 1
International institutions and socialization in Europe
A flying Finn : Finnish civil society actors in the global sphere
Understanding international conflicts : an introduction to theory and history
Building a 'culture of dialogue' among stakeholders in North-West Russian oil extraction
Selected essays on understanding international institutions and the legislative process
Decision makers in large scale interconnected network systems require simulation models for decision support. The behaviour of these systems is determined by many actors, situated in a dynamic, multi-actor, multi-objective and multi-level environment. How can such systems be modelled and how can the socio-technical complexity be captured? Agent-based modelling is a proven approach to handle this challenge.This book provides a practical introduction to agent-based modelling of socio-technical systems, based on a methodology that has been developed at Delft University of Technology and which has been deployed in a large number of case studies. The book consists of two parts: the first presents the background, theory and methodology as well as practical guidelines and procedures for building models. In the second part this theory is applied to a number of case studies, where for each model the development steps are presented extensively, preparing the reader for creating own models.
International institutions and national policies
Protection of children : state intervention and family life
The process of standard making : the case of cellular mobile telephony
Actor-networks of Northern lights tourism in Iceland, Norway and Finland
Forest and nature governance : a practice based approach
Agent zero : toward neurocognitive foundations for generative social science
The social in the global : social theory, governmentality and global politics
Prince of networks : Bruno Latour and metaphysics
Imperfect unions : security institutions over time and space
From civilian power to superpower? : the international identity of the European Union
An introduction to contemporary international law : a policy-oriented perspective
Agents, structures and international relations : politics as ontology
Can institutions have responsiblities? : collective moral agency and international relations
Agent-based computational sociology
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Reassembling the social : an introduction to actor-network-theory
Tietohuolto = Information and documentation. Tunnukset = Identifiers
Labor standards in international supply chains : aligning rights and incentives
Shared agency : a planning theory of acting together
Actor network theory and after
Is piercing the corporate veil possible? : the question of responsibility : international organizations and their member states
In information systems (IS) research, there is increasing interest in understanding complex and large-scale efforts. This study examines the complexity involved in infrastructuring within a novel context: the educational network of a Finnish city. A unique aspect is this study’s focus on children’s participation in infrastructuring. It contributes to the existing body of literature by addressing the concepts of discourses in place, interaction order, and historical body, as drawn from nexus analysis. It offers these concepts as theoretical tools for understanding the complexity of infrastructuring, and furthers exploration of user participation in IS research through a careful analysis of actor participation in the infrastructuring venture in question. The findings of this study foreground a multitude of actors, both adults and children, as well as their various activities and the versatility of the involved objects of design. The central social actors include educational officials, schools (teachers, headmasters, and pupils), researchers, and local and global companies.Infrastructuring in this research includes planned activities concerning developed solutions, but also emergent activities for adapting planned solutions to local schools’ everyday practices, revealing the intimate intertwining of practices and technologies. In particular, the past temporal horizon and shared histories of the communities involved are highlighted in terms of the concept of the historical body. The analysis on the historical bodies of the actors foregrounded the local aspects that were appreciated, but also challenged in infrastructuring. The concept of interaction order was found to be useful for analyzing the heterogeneity, multivoicedness, tensions between local and global dimensions, and power aspects inherent in infrastructuring As a practical implication, the nexus analytic conce pts of historical body and interaction order are suggested as means of better understanding local settings and the power relationships of various actors, and are also useful for practitioners preparing for infrastructuring.
Organising capacity - a collective process leading to place branding : coordination, co-operation and engagement
Dynamics of standard making
Agents and their actions
Coopetitive service innovation in mobile payment ecosystems
Network formation of technological innovation
Delegation and agency in international organizations
The emerging practices of modern budgeting and the role of controller
Human rights obligations of non-state actors
"Prince of Networks is the first treatment of Bruno Latour specifically as a philosopher. Part One covers four key works that display Latours underrated contributions to metaphysics ... Harman contends that Latour is one of the central figures of contemporary philosophy, with a highly original ontology centered in four key concepts: actants, irreduction, translation, and alliance. In Part Two, Harman summarizes Latours most important philosophical insights, including his status as the first secular occasionalist. Working from his own object-oriented perspective, Harman also criticizes the Latourian focus on the relational character of actors at the expense of their cryptic autonomous reality."--Book cover.
Development of a social service in a multi-party network
Translators in production networks : reflections on agency, quality and ethics
Business and human rights : a compilation of documents
The structure of international society : an introduction to the study of international relations
Dangerous peace : new rivalry in world politics
U.S. hegemony and international organizations : the United States and multilateral institutions
Path-dependencies, constrained transformations and dynamic agency. An accounting case study informed by both ANT and NIS
conflict, and also address the response to information, issues of systemic risks in society and economics, and new approaches to manage complexity in socio-economic systems.
The globalization of world politics : an introduction to international relations
Transnational climate change governance
International law
The responsibility of international organizations toward third parties : some basic principles
Participants in the international legal system : multiple perspectives on non-state actors in international law
The new global politics of the Asia-Pacific
