http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26016 Windows Phone
Windows Phone
Comparing buying decision processes between smartphone consumers : case Android, iOS and Windows Phone
Professional Windows phone 7 application development : building applications and games using Visual Studio, Silverlight, and XNA
Windows phone 7 application development : 24-hour trainer
Windows Phone 7 Mobile Application : China Tour
The aim of this thesis was to find a best way to advertise short-term sales and reduce paper waste. Another aim was to help the seller to identify a potential customer for a specific product, by means of providing a number of people accessing an advertisement. A mobile phone is one of the widely used electronic devices by many people. Modern mobile phones support a good internet connection. Also, people carry their mobile devices with them even outside their homes. So a mobile application would be a best way to advertise short-term sales. The benefits include reducing the time to reach advertisements from a seller to a buyer, reducing paper waste, and saving money. A client mobile application “Best Sale Application” was implemented to show an advertisement to a user and a back end server was developed to feed the advertisements and provide them to a client application on demand. The developing of a prototype version of Best Sale Application is explained in this thesis. The application runs on Windows Phone and it is able to interact with an early version of Best Sale Server. The back end server side development is explained in the Thesis paper of Ramkumar Patturaj entitled “Server for Best Sale Application”. The proto type version of Best Sale Application carries a significant potential for a future upgrade to a real product to be launched in the Windows Market place for a real user. It will be very useful for a shop owner to reach a potential customer faster and save money compared to a paper advertisement.
Security in cloud-based mobile solutions
Step-by-step instructions with callouts to Windows Phone 7 photos so that you can see exactly what to do Help when you run into Windows Phone 7problems or limitations Tips and Notes to help you get the most from yourWindows Phone 7 device Full-color, step-by-step tasks walk you through getting and keeping your Windows Phone 7 working just the way you want.
Microsoft Silverlight Edition : programming Windows Phone 7
Windows Phone 7 for iPhone developers
Windows Phone 7.5 unleashed
Windows Phone 7 developer guide : building connected mobile applications with Microsoft Silverlight
Windows phone 8 unleashed
Location based guide application for Windows Phone 7
Windows Phone 7 application development for dummies
Windows phone 7.5 data cookbook : over 30 recipes for storing, managing, and manipulating data in Windows Phone 7.5 Mango applications
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Wireless Control System for an Industrial Robot
Tiivistelmä: Windows Phone 7.5 application development.
Sams teach yourself Windows Phone 7 application development in 24 hours
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
101 Windows® phone 7 apps. Volume 1 : Developing apps 1-50
Open Source Mazeball Game for Windows Phone
Essential Windows phone 7.5 : application development with Silverlight
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Windows phone 7 application development for dummies(r)
Beginning Windows® Phone 7 application development : building Windows® Phone applications using Silverlight® and XNA®
Modern mobile application development : case: developing location based mobile application for Windows Phone and Android
Beginning Windows phone app development
Rapid Roller: A Game For Windows Phone
Programming Windows Phone 7 : Microsoft XNA Framework Edition
XNA Game studio 4.0 programming : developing for Windows phone 7 and Xbox 360
"Get started building your own apps and utilities for Windows Phone 7—expertly guided by award-winning author Charles Petzold. Focusing on Silverlight for Windows Phone 7 and the C# language, you'll learn how to extend your existing skills to this new mobile platform—mastering the core tools and techniques you need to get productive quickly. As always, Charles brings a unique combination of pragmatism and inspiration to his instruction—along with a wealth of hands-on examples. Discover how to: - Customize page navigation and layout. - Know when to use code vs. XAML markup. - Capture and embed bitmaps, balancing performance issues. - Support multi-touch input—including tap, drag, flick, and pinch. - Work with accelerometer and location services. -Experiment with panoramic and pivot controls. - Create effects using built-in or custom animations. - Manage state, tombstoning, data-binding, and storage. - Write your own templates and custom controls. - Test-drive your app on Windows Phone Emulator."
Sams teach yourself Windows Phone 7 game programming in 24 hours
Pehr Brahe Software Laboratory at Oulu University of Applied Sciences has researched how computer aided systems could be used to assist and prolong elderly people’s living at home. One result of their efforts is an implementation of a ubiquitous home environment server engine, the UbiHomeServer. The UbiHomeServer’s user interface is specifically designed to be clear, simple and easily approachable for elderly and not technology-aware persons. To allow a flexible, place and time independent and convenient usage, the UI needed to be adapted to mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets. The objective of this thesis was to study the features of a few currently widely used mobile platforms to find out their applicability for this kind of application, and to implement a prototype application using one of the studied platforms. The thesis work was started by studying the research results achieved by the UbiHomeServer team, among which the requirements for the mobile platform and application were gathered. During the platform study the main information sources were application design and development guides and reference documentation provided by platform manufacturers. The main result of this thesis is a fully functional Android application which operates as a user interface to a ubiquitous home environment, allowing the user to interact with a variety of service providers and support personnel. The application which was developed is used by test persons in the field tests of a ubiquitous home environment. Later, when developing similar application on other platforms, for example iOS and Windows Phone, the application and this thesis can be used as a reference.
Greenriders: Windows Phone application
My Windows Phone 7
Abstract. This thesis work is an implementation of a wireless control system for Industrial robot: a Mitsubishi MOVEMASTER RV-E3J industrial robot which has a SONY EVI-D30 camera device attached nearby to provide a real-time video feedback   to the operator. The purpose is also to get acquainted with the related   technologies needed for the implementation of this thesis work. The fields   covered are in telecommunications, multimedia, networking, telerobotic and   programming.   The software development tool used in this thesis work is the Qt Framework   development tools for Windows and the Symbian platform. One application   developed in this thesis work is acting as the desktop application which runs   on the Windows operating system, while another application installed on a   smartphone runs on the Symbian operating system.   The main idea of the project was to develop a wireless control system for the   Mitsubishi RV-E3J industrial robot, and controlling the robot wirelessly from a   smartphone. The smartphone' s can send commands to the industrial robot to   control its movement.   The second main idea of this thesis was to get a visual feedback from the   standby camera to the smartphone through video streaming, the operator from   the mobile phone can control the movement of the camera and at the same   time get visual feedback from the camera which is positioned next to the robot   and it transmits a real-time video output showing the robot's actions.   Most importantly it is very necessary for the robot's movement to be within a   specific area and the working environment must be safe from an accidental   damage caused by the robot.   This Bachelor's thesis work was done in the Computer Laboratory of Raahe School of Engineering and Business.
Windows Phone 7.5 application development
Wireless control system for an industrial robot
Programming with mobile applications : Android, iOS, and Windows Phone 7
Essential Windows Phone 8
Open source mazeball game for Windows Phone
Introduction to Windows Phone 8
