http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26058 design agencies
design agencies
User activity based workspace definition as an instrument for workplace management in multi-user organizations
Graphis : Top Ten in Advertising
Where we work : creative office spaces
Designing commercial interiors
How disruption brought order : the story of a winning strategy in the world of advertising
International interiors 6 : [workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings]. 6, Workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings
Zero to five
Space to work : new office design
Manufacturing facilities design and material handling
Reporting in accounting : how to support business planning and decision-making
Space planning for commercial office interiors
Workspheres : design and contemporary work styles
New homeoffice design
Commercial space : office furniture
The other office : creative workplace design
The good office : green Design on the Cutting Edge
Mental workload : research on computer-aided design work and on the implementation of office automation
Human dimension & interior space : a source book of design reference standards
How to open & operate a financially successful wedding consultant business
Process; a Tomato project
Life of work : what office design can learn from the world around us
Based in Istanbul, Autoban is one of the most sought-after design studios worldwide. Founders Seyhan Özdemir and Sefer Ça@011Flar create gorgeous furniture pieces and spectacular interiors at the nexus between Asia and Europe, tradition and modernity@2014a fitting reflection of the city in which they live and work and whose contemporary landscape their design now defines. This book presents a rich selection of Autoban@2019s breathtaking projects that are documented in striking photographs and plans. The distinctive concepts for restaurants, hotels, apartments, offices, and retail spaces showcase the studio@2019s worldview between global cosmopolitanism and its own cultural idiosyncrasies. Insightful texts give further insight into Autoban@2019s creative process and philosophy.
Showreel.01 : 53 projects on audiovisual design
Interior gardens : designing and constructing green spaces in private and public buildings
Home office
Workforce : a better place to work 2
Future office : design, practice, and applied research
TAT-komponenttirakentaminen = The new component system building technology
Work! : Best of office design
The advertising business : operations, creativity, media planning, integrated communications
Designing business : multiple media, multiple disciplines. Clement Mok
Plant layout and facility planning
Offices : industrial interiors
Good lighting for offices and office buildings
Office spaces : 1000 inspirational ideas
"Hey, Whipple, Squeeze This." : a guide to creating great ads
Small offices = Petits bureaux = Kleine büros
The other office 2: creative worldplace design
40/40 young architects from Finland
Gusto : [a journey through culinary design]
Layout, or the physical organization of people, materials and machines within a workplace, is at the very heart of productivity. This book will enable creation of new productive layouts quickly and smoothly. Plant layout and facility planning are closely associated in industrial and commercial enterprises, and affect operating efficiency and productivity now and in the future. Layout chapters focus on product flow, space utilization, and functional relationships; facility planning chapters address strategy for and how to achieve relocation, growth, consolidation, site search, a campus. Chapters explain what and why, and list actions to create productive layouts quickly and smoothly within the physical constraints of the facility. They improve project management by highlighting which practices to utilize and which missteps to avoid, and extend the technical capabilities of your staff. Facility layouts and floor plans tend to be replaced infrequently, because a revision can be expensive and cause disruption as it is installed. Better get it right.
The European office : office design and national context
Office spaces. Vol. 1, A pictorial review
Calm working spaces
Total office design : 50 contemporary workplaces
Claesson Koivisto Rune : architecture / design
"Artek and the Aaltos: Creating a Modern World" will be the first book in the English language on the topic and the most comprehensive to date, drawing its research materials primarily from the archives of Alvar Aalto's architectural firm and Artek. It will expand on the exhibition of the same name through twelve chapters, anchored by essays written by leading scholars of design and architectural history, including Harry Charrington, Juhani Pallasmaa, and Susanna Pettersson, and specific studies of Artek's interior projects, which will include previously unpublished materials. Lavish photography will present the broad range of works on display, many illustrated for the first time, and will provide an unprecedented visual record of the substantial contributions made by Artek to modern interiors, art, and furnishings"--
Design secrets : office spaces
Architects' data sheets. 03, office spaces
Think in colour : Hugo Puttaert : Visionandfactory
Finnish architecture 2016
The main purpose of this thesis is to give Case Company A clear view of their customer's needs in the area of electronic reporting and support services. The objectives of this thesis are to investigate the fields of electronic reporting and electronic business management, research Case Company A's customer reporting needs, and to include how and when these reports should be delivered. A third objective is to study the reporting needs of different types of customer groups. These groups are divided according to years as an entrepreneur, number of full-time employees and turnover in 2008. Empirical research was a survey drawn-up Case Company A's customers in order to find out what type of reporting services would best support their business planning and decision-making. An empirical study was carried out as an Internet-based survey supported by personal interviews. The survey conducted for the thesis shows a clear need for support in using the reporting tools. The results also showed that the customers saw written analysis and graphic illustrations as useful parts of the accounting and payroll reports. Different customer characteristics were compared with reporting needs. The needs of the companies with a large turnover were significantly different compared with companies with a smaller turnover. Comparison of the number of personnel and entrepreneurs' years of experience did not provide clear results. By analysing the survey results, the following recommendations are given to Case Company A: training customers and personnel, changing  negative attitudes, developing the procedures and reporting.
Corporate interiors. 2
Design Excellence Estonia 2011 : Catalogue of the Estonian Design Agencies
Planning office spaces ; a practical guide for managers and designers
Autoban : Form. Function. Experience
Digital architecture now : a global survey of eremging talent
World super interiors : restaurants, bars, boutiques, offices
The office idea book : creative solutions that work
Offices
The office
Market situation of enterprise resource planning systems in engineering offices in the context of marketing planning
Facilities planning and design
Truth, lies and advertising : the art of account planning
Disturb me - disturb me not : designing for flexible privacy in collaborative workspace
Tomorrow's office : creating effective and humane interiors
The creative office
Workforce : a better place to work
The office interior design guide : an introduction for facility and design professionals
Combo : intelligent nomadic workstation
Extraordinary offices
The best in lobby design : hotels and offices
Artek and the Aaltos : creating a modern world
Alberto Pinto Corporate : contemporary offices
Commercial Space : offices. Spaces, furniture and lamps
Keisuke Fujiwara : interior elements for space and product design
Distinct ambiguity : Graft
I am almost always hungry
Newly drawn : emerging Finnish architects
This collection brings together two areas of research and debate: firstly the sociology of gender relations in the workplace, and secondly the expanding body of interdisciplinary research into the design of computer systems. The book articulates distinctive gender perspectives in relation to IT.
Life of work: what office design can learn from the world around us sets out to make the twenty-first century workplace a more dynamic, engaging, colourful, flexible and inclusive place. Jeremy Myerson and Imogen Privett, from the Royal College of Art in London, looked in some unlikely places for ideas and inspiration? - the academic library, theatre design, pop up events in the city and intensive team environments in air traffic control, emergency medical departments and the newsroom. Working from the position that, whilst the design of most contemporary offices satisfies physical and functional requirements, it seldom supports the psychological comfort and individual needs of the people who use them every working day, Life of Work offers an agenda for change that has significant implications for every level of workplace design and implementation. Based on a major research project between the Helen Hamlyn Centre for Design at the Royal College of Art and two global industry partners, Haworth and Philips Lighting, Life of Work will be of value to anyone who has an interest in architecture or interior design, the politics and management of the working environment, space design and urban planning, as well as furniture design.
In Detail : Work environments : spatial concepts, usage strategies, communication
The 21st century office
New environments for working : the re-design of offices and environmental systems for new ways of working
Workplaces and workspaces : office designs that work
Gendered by design? : information technology and office systems
Atlas of office interiors
Flexible open offices : solutions to support flexibility of the office premises
The new office
On the frontiers of the media landscape – organisational new media buying in network context
Factories & office buildings
The tourist business
Corporate interiors. 6
Innovations in office design : the critical influence approach to effective work environments
Access by design
The marketing communications industry in flux : large B2C advertisers' viewpoint
