http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26001 linked open data
linked open data
Bibliographic information organization in the Semantic Web
Moi Helsinki : design for public use & localisation of social media
Open sourcing digital heritage : digital surrogates, museums and knowledge management in the age of open networks
Linked data : a geographic perspective
Open data now : the secret to hot startups, smart investing, savvy marketing, and fast innovation
Open Data Now is an essential guide to understanding all kinds of open databases--business,government, science, technology, retail, social media, and more--and using those resources to your best advantage. You'll learn how to tap crowds for fast innovation, conduct research through open collaboration, and manage and market your business in a transparent marketplace.
Enriching cultural heritage : CIDOC 2012 Helsinki, Finland 10-14.6.2012 : abstracts & programme
The philosophy of information quality
"With its roots in computer science, linked data is unfamiliar territory for many library catalogers. But since the origins of MARC nearly 50 years ago, the value of machine-readable library records has only grown. Today linked data is essential for sharing library collections on the open web, especially the digital cultural heritage in the collections of libraries, archives, and museums. In this book, the Association of Library Collections and Technical Services (ALCTS) gathers a stellar list of contributors to help readers understand linked data concepts by examining practice and projects based in familiar concepts like authority control. Topped by an insider's perspective on OCLC's experiments with Schema.org and the Library of Congress's BIBFRAME project, the book addresses such topics as: a simplified description of linked data, summing up its promises and challenges; controlled vocabularies for the web; broadening use of library-curated vocabularies; how the complexity of AV models reveals the limitations of retrospective conversion; BIBFRAME's triplestore data model; ways libraries are helping science researchers share their data, with descriptions of projects underway at major institutions; balancing the nuance within an element set with the sameness needed for sharing; and the influence of projects such as Europeana and Digital Public Library of America. This survey of the cultural heritage landscape will be a key resource for catalogers and those in the metadata community".
Crowdsourcing as a model for problem solving : leveraging the collective intelligence of online communities for public good
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Publishing and using cultural heritage linked data on the semantic Web
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
Linked data for libraries, archives and museums : how to clean, link and publish your metadata
The data revolution : big data, open data, data infrastructures and their consequences
Materializing the web of linked data
Linked data for cultural heritage
