http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26046 micro power plants
micro power plants
Small scale energy production has become increasingly popular. Each production unit increases the energy independence of individual households, while the aggregate production of many units together decreases the burden on centralized energy production systems. Several technologies for small-scale energy production have been developed.  The aim of this thesis work was to produce English language material about small wind power production technology and the installation process for a small wind power unit in Finland. The thesis work discusses wind, windiness in Finland, and wind power production in theory, and goes through the installation steps.  The wind conditions in Finland are defined as adequate for small-scale wind power production, especially in the coastal and archipelago areas, as well as on fells and hills.  Also inland sites near an open water body or fields are good windy locations. Small wind power production units are commonly used in boats, summerhouses and remote locations, as well as to produce extra energy for housing. The sizing is scaled according to the given application for the wind power production unit, and the energy produced can be used to charge batteries or to produce heat and power. In the case of heat and power production, the system is connected to the common power grid.  A profitable investment in small wind power production requires a combination of selecting an optimal location, having accurate data on long-term wind conditions, calculating the optimum size of the unit, and having a long-lasting reliable small wind power production unit. However, it is impossible to calculate accurate costs or profitability of small wind energy production due to the variability of wind conditions and the fluctuating price of electricity in the grid. The investment costs of small-scale wind power production are high, so the initial investment can only be recouped by operating the production unit over a long period of time. After the expensive initial investments, wind energy is free of charge and naturally renewable despite the maintenance and repair costs. Furthermore, small wind energy production is often considered as a matter of principle for promoters of green energy.  Keywords: Small Wind Power Production, Wind Power, Micro production.
Cost-efficiency of small wind power production in Finland
