http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2606 forgetting
forgetting
This volume collects revised versions of essays from a 2011 workshop held in Munich on Remembering and Forgetting in Early Second Temple Judah. The authors of the essays address these issues from both general methodological perspectives and through case studies emerging or associated with a wide range of texts from the prophetic literature, the Pentateuch, historical books, Psalms and Lamentations. All these texts share one main feature: they shape memories of the past (or future) and involve forgetting. Contributors: Bob Becking, Ehud Ben Zvi, Kåre Berge, Diana Edelman, Christina Ehring, Judith Gärtner, Friedhelm Hartenstein, Michael Hundley, Jörg Jeremias, Sonya Kostamo, Francis Landy, Christoph Levin, James Linville, Zhenhua Meng, Bill Morrow, Reinhard Müller, Urmas Nõmmik, Juha Pakkala, Hermann-Josef Stipp.
How modernity forgets
Remembering and forgetting in early Second Temple Judah
Trauma and life stories : international perspectives
The shift omnibus
And the mountains echoed
Learning to forget : the anti-memoirs of modernity
Brain characteristics of memory decline and stability in aging
Seduction, suggestion, psychoanalysis
How to remember anything : improve your memory and progress your career
The sandman
That memory book : distractibility, forgetfulness and other unnerving high jinks of the middle-aged brain
So you don't get lost in the neighbourhood
Echolalias : on the forgetting of language
Subliminal : how your unconscious mind rules your behavior
Memory and the self : phenomenology, science, and autobiography
Memory distortions induced by fluency - behavioural and electrophysiological investigations
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
Memory in Shakespeare's histories : stages of forgetting in early modern England
The buried giant
Moonwalking with Einstein : the art and science of remembering everything
Improving the security of multiple passwords through a greater understanding of the human memory
Remembering trauma : a psychotherapist's guide to memory and illusion
In a heartbeat
In praise of forgetting : historical memory and its ironies
Involuntary memory
The ability to forget, or be forgotten, has played an important part in human society, allowing for changed minds, second chances & overlooked embarrassments. Digital technology, with its inexhaustible memory, threatens one of the most important social conventions: the past is past. This book explores the issues.
Memory
Lovely old lion
The social psychology of experience : studies in remembering and forgetting
The black notebook
The wilderness
Forgetting as in(ter)vention : the fragmentary folk song
On the subjective-objective distinction for measures of memory and cognition : theoretical and methodological issues in questionnaire development and validation
The bedtime frog
And the Mountains Echoed
The sense of an ending
The deep
Afterword : concluding thoughts on the politics of memory in Asia
Memory and representation : constructed truths and competing realities
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Elizabeth is missing
The buried giant : a novel
Kind of cruel
Heller-Roazen on language relations: review essay of Daniel Helle-Roazen, Echolalias : on the forgetting of language
Delete : the virtue of forgetting in the digital age
The memory illusion : remembering, forgetting, and the science of false memory
The handbook of memory disorders
Long delayed memory in ischemic stroke : memory and the rate of forgetting after a delay of four weeks
The conventional wisdom about historical memory is summed up in George Santayana’s celebrated phrase, “Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.” Today, the consensus that it is moral to remember, immoral to forget, is nearly absolute. And yet is this right? David Rieff, an independent writer who has reported on bloody conflicts in Africa, the Balkans, and Central Asia, insists that things are not so simple. He poses hard questions about whether remembrance ever truly has, or indeed ever could, “inoculate” the present against repeating the crimes of the past. He argues that rubbing raw historical wounds—whether self-inflicted or imposed by outside forces—neither remedies injustice nor confers reconciliation. If he is right, then historical memory is not a moral imperative but rather a moral option—sometimes called for, sometimes not. Collective remembrance can be toxic. Sometimes, Rieff concludes, it may be more moral to forget. Ranging widely across some of the defining conflicts of modern times—the Irish Troubles and the Easter Uprising of 1916, the white settlement of Australia, the American Civil War, the Balkan wars, the Holocaust, and 9/11—Rieff presents a pellucid examination of the uses and abuses of historical memory. His contentious, brilliant, and elegant essay is an indispensable work of moral philosophy.
The ethics of memory
