http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26030 design agencies
design agencies
Keisuke Fujiwara : interior elements for space and product design
Artek and the Aaltos : creating a modern world
Digital architecture now : a global survey of eremging talent
"This refreshing, straight-talking advice guide from Logo Design Love author and designer David Airey answers the questions all designers have about launching and running their own design businesses. In fact, the book was inspired by the many questions David receives from the more than 600,000 designers who visit his three blogs -- Logo Design Love, Identity Designed, and DavidAirey.com -- each month." -- back cover.
The effect of media convergence on advertising and media agencies’ service offering
Work for money, design for love : answers to the most frequently asked questions about starting and running a successful design business
If design award 2001 : product volume 2.
Interior Architecture Now
Defining new directions for user experience design
Life of work: what office design can learn from the world around us sets out to make the twenty-first century workplace a more dynamic, engaging, colourful, flexible and inclusive place. Jeremy Myerson and Imogen Privett, from the Royal College of Art in London, looked in some unlikely places for ideas and inspiration? - the academic library, theatre design, pop up events in the city and intensive team environments in air traffic control, emergency medical departments and the newsroom. Working from the position that, whilst the design of most contemporary offices satisfies physical and functional requirements, it seldom supports the psychological comfort and individual needs of the people who use them every working day, Life of Work offers an agenda for change that has significant implications for every level of workplace design and implementation. Based on a major research project between the Helen Hamlyn Centre for Design at the Royal College of Art and two global industry partners, Haworth and Philips Lighting, Life of Work will be of value to anyone who has an interest in architecture or interior design, the politics and management of the working environment, space design and urban planning, as well as furniture design.
Herman Miller : the purpose of design
The art of experimental interaction design
New homeoffice design
Workspheres : design and contemporary work styles
Scandinavian furniture : a sourcebook of classic designs for the 21st century
New environments for working : the re-design of offices and environmental systems for new ways of working
Learn for life : new architecture for new learning
The measure of man and woman : human factors in design
Disturb me - disturb me not : designing for flexible privacy in collaborative workspace
Human dimension & interior space : a source book of design reference standards
Managing the creative chaos : processes to the rescue at Parcero Marketing Partners Oy
40/40 young architects from Finland
Process; a Tomato project
Gusto : [a journey through culinary design]
Korjaamo, the factory of culture
Life of work : what office design can learn from the world around us
Based in Istanbul, Autoban is one of the most sought-after design studios worldwide. Founders Seyhan Özdemir and Sefer Ça@011Flar create gorgeous furniture pieces and spectacular interiors at the nexus between Asia and Europe, tradition and modernity@2014a fitting reflection of the city in which they live and work and whose contemporary landscape their design now defines. This book presents a rich selection of Autoban@2019s breathtaking projects that are documented in striking photographs and plans. The distinctive concepts for restaurants, hotels, apartments, offices, and retail spaces showcase the studio@2019s worldview between global cosmopolitanism and its own cultural idiosyncrasies. Insightful texts give further insight into Autoban@2019s creative process and philosophy.
Michele de Lucchi : from here to there and beyond
Herman Miller : classic furniture and system designs for the working environment
Claesson Koivisto Rune : architecture / design
It' s all about style : Satelliet meubelen 2011-2012
"Artek and the Aaltos: Creating a Modern World" will be the first book in the English language on the topic and the most comprehensive to date, drawing its research materials primarily from the archives of Alvar Aalto's architectural firm and Artek. It will expand on the exhibition of the same name through twelve chapters, anchored by essays written by leading scholars of design and architectural history, including Harry Charrington, Juhani Pallasmaa, and Susanna Pettersson, and specific studies of Artek's interior projects, which will include previously unpublished materials. Lavish photography will present the broad range of works on display, many illustrated for the first time, and will provide an unprecedented visual record of the substantial contributions made by Artek to modern interiors, art, and furnishings"--
Design Excellence Estonia 2011 : Catalogue of the Estonian Design Agencies
Extraordinary offices
A great place to work : Pfizer Building, Helsinki
Autoban : Form. Function. Experience
Interact here : designing & implementing interactive video into corporate communications and learnings
