http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2609 amnesia
amnesia
The girl with no name
The lost hero
Remember me : PlayStation 3
The man who forgot his wife
Turn of mind
The son of Neptune
Symbiont
Tell me who I am
Andrew's brain : a novel
The mysterious flame of Queen Loana : an illustrated novel
Top secret
Release the hounds
The anomaly
Dermaphoria
Revelations
The night of August third
Paris, Texas
The mark of the dragonfly
The pocket wife
Beautiful chaos : a beautiful creatures novel
The adoration of Jenna Fox
The raw shark texts
Once more, my darling rogue
The pocket wife : a novel
A face like glass
They call her "Amber the Untouched" throughout the Disputed Lands -- a chaste, golden-haired beauty who fears the remarkable love that was prophesied at her birth ... and the death that must inevitably follow. Now Duncan has come to her in darkness, as was foretold -- a wounded warrior with no memory, seared by passion's fire and irresistibly drawn to the innocent enchantress who divines truth with a touch. Their romance is legend in a time of war. But when Duncan's memory returns, he sees Amber as his enemy. Still, he cannot forsake the lover who healed his body and heart. And he will defy to the death the dread forces that have proclaimed their love.
The truth about Melody Browne
Blood of tyrants
The fat years
Coffin Road
The long kiss goodnight
Loving a lost lord
Splinter
Black light
The vow : the true events that inspired the movie
The year is 2029, and the promise of a new age of human augmentation is in ruins. Awakening in the aftermath of a changed world, augmented ex-cop and former security operative Adam Jensen struggles to find answers. In a world shattered by secrets, can the truth be brought into the light?
Solomon Creed. Book one
River of ink. [2], Zenith
The chimes
Memoirs of a teenage amnesiac
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne imperative : a new Jason Bourne novel
Out of the blue
Dead to the world : a Sookie Stackhouse novel
Gretel and the dark
House of shadows
The last thing I remember
Before I go to sleep
Kushiel's mercy
What Alice forgot
The Rook
The mark of Athena
Lost Odyssey : Xbox 360
If she only knew
In love with a wicked man
The history of history : a novel of Berlin
Love water memory
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
Swarms of locusts, record-breaking heat, and devastating storms ravage Gatlin as Ethan and Lena struggle to understand and control the impact of Lena's claiming, which is even causing her family members' abilities to dangerously misfire.
Permanent present tense : the man with no memory, and what he taught the world
Maximilian's gold
The witness
Tokyo doesn't love us anymore
Cemetery girl. book one : The pretenders
The Jason Fly case
Before I go to sleep : a novel
Memory
I found you
East Yorkshire: Single mum Alice Lake finds a man on the beach outside her house. He has no name, no jacket, no idea what he is doing there. Against her better judgement she invites him in to her home. Surrey: Twenty-one-year-old Lily Drew has only been married for three weeks. When her new husband fails to come home from work one night she is left stranded in a new country where she knows no one. Then the police tell her that her husband never existed.
She calls herself Calexa Rose Dunhill. She has been living - hiding out - in Dunhill Cemetery ever since someone left her there to die. She has no idea who wants her dead or why, but she isn't about to hand around for her would-be-killer to finish the job.  Despite her self-imposed isolation among the deceased, Calexa's ability to see spirits and the memories she receives from them guarantees she'll never be alone. The only living people she interacts with are Kelner, the cemetery's cantankerous caretaker, and Lucinda Cameron, an elderly woman who lives in an old Victorian house across the street. With their friendship, Calexa has regained a link to the world beyond tombstones and mausoleums.  Until the night she witnesses a murder that shatters her life: a life now under a police microscope, as their investigation threatens to uncover Calexa's true identity . . .
The girl on the beach
The House of Secrets
"What should be a cozy and fun-filled weekend deep in the English countryside takes a sinister turn in Ruth Ware's suspenseful, compulsive, and darkly twisted psychological thriller.  Leonora, known to some as Lee and others as Nora, is a reclusive crime writer, unwilling to leave her "nest" of an apartment unless it is absolutely necessary. When a friend she hasn't seen or spoken to in years unexpectedly invites Nora (Lee?) to a weekend away in an eerie glass house deep in the English countryside, she reluctantly agrees to make the trip. Forty-eight hours later, she wakes up in a hospital bed injured but alive, with the knowledge that someone is dead. Wondering not "what happened?" but "what have I done?", Nora (Lee?) tries to piece together the events of the past weekend. Working to uncover secrets, reveal motives, and find answers, Nora (Lee?) must revisit parts of herself that she would much rather leave buried where they belong: in the past.  In the tradition of Paula Hawkins's instant New York Times bestseller The Girl On the Train and S. J. Watson's riveting national sensation Before I Go To Sleep, this gripping literary debut from UK novelist Ruth Ware will leave you on the edge of your seat through the very last page"--
For Maria
The Maze Runner series complete collection
Identity
The Day of the black sun
I see you
Inferno
End game
The drowning
Mr. Bricks : a heavy metal murder musical
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne objective : a new Jason Bourne novel
The majestic
Terms &​ conditions
Cemetery girl.  book two, Inheritance
The sirens of Titan
Everything you told me
Remember me : Xbox 360
Kiss of the night
River of ink. [1], Genesis
Aama. 1, The smell of warm dust
Summer, fireworks, and my corpse
Missing person
Land of the living
A high-ranking member of a secret organization that battles supernatural forces wakes up in a London park with no memory, no idea who she is, and with a letter that provides instructions to help her uncover a far-reaching conspiracy.
The abused werewolf rescue group
The brainstorm
The last letter from your lover
The trial
Dead to the world
The maze runner
The alliance of the curious
East of Islington
Thirteen to one
