http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26014 Tibetan language
Tibetan language
Structural form and utterance context in Lhasa Tibetan : grammar and indexicality in a non-configurational language
The annals of Kokonor
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary. Vol. 10
Tibetsko-russko-anglijskij slovar' : s sanskritskimi paralleljami = Tibetan-Russian-English dictionary with Sanskrit parallels. Vyp. 9
Chibetto moji taishō : seika moji shōran = A brief manual of the Si-hia characters with Tibetan transcriptions
Ladakhi and Tibetan grammar
Bhota-prakāsa : a Tibetan chrestomathy
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary. Vol. 13
Textbook of colloquial Tibetan language
Soundings in Tibetan civilization
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary.. 2
Tibetan-English dictionary of modern Tibetan
Colloquial Tibetan : the complete course for beginners
A basic grammar of modern spoken Tibetan : a practical handbook
Textbook of colloquial Tibetan (dialect of Central Tibet)
Elementary English = Dbyin yig bslab deb blo gsal 'jug ṅogs
Modern oral Amdo Tibetan : a language primer = Den rabs a mdo'e kha skad
Grammar of colloquial Tibetan
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary. Vol. 14
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary. Vol. 16
The classical Tibetan language
Manual of standard Tibetan : language and civilization
An introduction to the grammar of the Tibetan language with the texts of Situ Sum-Tag, Dag-Je Sal-Wai Melong and Situi Shal Lung
The written Tibetan language
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary. 8.
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary.. 4
Tibetsko-russko-anglijskij slovar' : s sanskritskimi paralleljami = Tibetan-Russian-English dictionary with Sanskrit parallels. Vyp. 2
Lexicon/dictionary portions of the Sanskrit-Tibetan thesaurus-cum-grammar
Tibetan texts concerning Khotan
Essentials of modern literary Tibetan : a reading course and reference grammar
Aspects of Amdo Tibetan segmental phonology
Old Tibetan contracts from Central Asia
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary.. 1
A Tibetan-English dictionary : with special reference to the prevailing dialects : to which is added an English-Tibetan vocabulary
English for Tibetans = Dbyin yig bslab deb
A Buddha within : the Tathāgatagarbhasūtra : the earliest exposition of the Buddha-Nature teaching in India
Sanskrit-Tibetan-English vocabulary. Part 1
Grammar of the Tibetan language : literary and colloquial
English-Tibetan-Chinese dictionary = Dbyin bod rgya gsum shan sbyar gyi tshig mdzod = Ying zang han duizhao cidian
Tibetan : phrasebook & dictionary
Tibetsko-russko-anglijskij slovar' : s sanskritskimi paralleljami = Tibetan-Russian-English dictionary with Sanskrit parallels. Vyp. 7
English-Tibetan dictionary of modern Tibetan
Tibetsko-russko-anglijskij slovar' : s sanskritskimi paralleljami = Tibetan-Russian-English dictionary with Sanskrit parallels. Vyp. 6
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary. Vol. 15
A Tibetan-English dictionary : with special reference to the prevailing dialects
English-Tibetan colloquial dictionary
Tibetan written images : a study of imagery in the writings of Dhondup Gyal
Gendai Chibettogo dōshi jiten : Rasa hōgen = A verb dictionary of the modern spoken Tibetan of Lhasa, Tibetan-Japanese
The similarity of the Tibetan to the Kashgar-Brahmi alphabet
Studies in the grammatical tradition in Tibet
Jōrakuji chibetto bunken mokuroku = Catalogue of Tibetan works kept in Jōraku-ji Temple Library
Ancient historical edicts at Lhasa : and the Mu Tsung/Khri Gtsug Lde Brtsan treaty af a.d. 821-822 from the inscription at Lhasa
The Sekoddeśatīkā by Nāropā (Paramārthasaṃgraha)
The nine ways of bon : excerpts from gZi-brjid
A provisional list of tibetological research papers and articles published in The People's Republic of China and Tibet
The new Tibetan-English dictionary of modern Tibetan
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary.. 7
Loan-words in Tibetan
A Tibetan-English dictionary with Sanskrit synonyms
Manual of standard Tibetan : language and civilization : introduction to standad Tibetan (spoken and written) followed by an appendix on classical literary Tibetan
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary. 9.
A grammar of the Tibetan language in English
The new light English-Tibetan dictionary
A Buddhist terminological dictionary : the Mongolian Mahāvyutpatti
Tibetan-English Dictionary
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary. Vol. 12
Tibetsko-russko-anglijskij slovar' : s sanskritskimi paralleljami = Tibetan-Russian-English dictionary with Sanskrit parallels. Vyp. 4
Sinitic and non-Sinitic phonology in the languages of Amdo Qinghai
Grammar of the Tibetan language : [in english]
Tibetsko-russko-anglijskij slovar' : s sanskritskimi paralleljami = Tibetan-Russian-English dictionary with Sanskrit parallels. Vyp. 11, Indeks sanskritskih clov i vyraženij = Index of Sanskrit words and expressions
Shel dkar chos 'byung = History of the "White Crystal" : religion and politics of Southern La stod
Tibetan-English dictionary of Buddhist terminology
Bod skad dang legs sbyar gyi tshig mdzod chen mo = Tibetan-Sanskrit dictionary.. 6
A catalogue of the Gedan Sungrab Minyam Gyunphel series. Part 1
Zang han ying duizhao changyongci shouce = Rgya bod dbyin gsum shan sbyar gyi rgyun spyod tha snyad = A handbook of Chinese, Tibetan and English words
