http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26006 image search
image search
Re-engineering an image archive user interface
Journalistic image access : description, categorization and searching
German painting : the late middle ages (1350-1500)
Japanese cinema : the essential handbook : featuring Japanese cult cinema since 1955
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 4, History of art : Romanesque art - Romanticism
The Grove dictionary of art
Variety movie guide. 1999 / edited by Derek Elley
International film guide. 1983
Reference guide to fantastic films : science fiction, fantasy & horror. Vol. 2, G-O
International film guide. 1966 / editor: Peter Cowie
Brewer's cinema : a phrase and fable dictionary
The international dictionary of films and filmmakers. Vol. 3, Actors and actresses
The Macmillan international film encyclopedia
German painting : from Dürer to Holbein
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 8, Biographical dictionary of artists : Limburg Brothers - Francisco Ribalta
The essential Batman encyclopedia
Halliwell's Film and Video Guide 2003
Leonard Maltin's movie and video guide
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 2, History of art : Roman art - early Christian art
The rock & roll film encyclopedia
The travel book : a journey through every country in the world
Encyclopedia of Chinese film
The ordinary images : a study on stock photography and gender
MOVIE CLASSICS
Dictionary of film makers
Italian painting : the renaissance
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 2, History of art : Roman art - Early christian art
The encyclopedia of visual art. [1]
The thirteenth Virgin film guide : based on the definitive industry database
Specification of information interfaces in PinView : deliverable D8.1 of FP7 project no 216529 PinView
Atlas of hematology
A dictionary of modern sculpture
The Macmillan dictionary of films and filmmakers. Vol. 1, Films
International dictionary of films and filmmakers. 1, Films
Contemporary artists : Volume 1 : A-K
500 essential graphic novels : the ultimate guide
1001: Movies You Must See Before You Die
International dictionary of films and filmmakers. Vol. 5, Title index
The BFI companion to the Western
The worst movies of all time : or what were they thinking?
Reference guide to fantastic films : science fiction, fantasy & horror. Vol. 3, P-Z
Reference guide to fantastic films : science fiction, fantasy & horror. Vol. 1, A-F
Abstract: The goal of the thesis was to design and develop a new user interface for an image archive. The archive is accessed on the intranet server through the user's web browser. To limit the scope of the thesis, no changes to the database were planned. The user interface was set to be designed from a user centred point of view. For the design, the users were interviewed. The interview was based on a set group of questions, but the line of questions was not strictly followed during the interview. From the interview it was found out that the image archive has two kinds of users, architects and users working in tourism and travel. Both types of have similar requirements for the archive. The users search the archive for images of a certain building or certain types of images. The users are also required to upload images to the archive. Individual pages of the user interface were designed based on the interviews. On the search page the users can define search conditions and search for images based on the conditions. The search page leads to the results page, which displays search results as thumbnails. The user can inspect images by placing the mouse cursor on top of the thumbnail, which causes metadata for the image to be displayed on a box on the right. From the results page the user can enter a browse view by clicking on a thumbnail. On the browse page the user can see the single image in a larger size and navigate to the previous and next images. In the browse page the user can also edit saved metadata and export images from the archive. Adding images to the archive was were decided to be made easier by adding an batch edit system to the archive, where the user can write metadata information to an image by a single mouse click. The images are added to the archive directly from the user's computer. After development and deployment, the archive user interface has been observed to be useful and functional. Significant improvements include quickly browsing through multiple images and saving images to the user's computer. Feedback from the new archive user interface from the users has been mostly positive.
Encyclopedia of body image and human appearance
Horror
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 10, Special studies. Comparative studies. Media studies. Museums and galleries of the world. Index
The sixth Virgin film guide
Variety international film guide. 1990
The companion to Italian cinema
Content-based search and browsing in semantic multimedia retrieval
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 6, Biographical dictionary of artists : Alvar Aalto - Paul Durand-Ruel
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 7, Biographical dictionary of artists : Albrecht Dürer - Jan Lievensz
The dictionary of 20th century British book illustrators
Encyclopedia of painting : painters and painting of the world from prehistoric times to the present day
The film handbook
Leonard Maltin's movie guide
Frank's 500 : the thriller film guide
Contemporary artists : Volume 2 : L-Z
Definition of enriched relevance feedback in PicSOM : deliverable D1.3.1 of FP7 project no 216529 PinView
Euro gothic : classics of continental horror cinema
This scholarly work is the most comprehensive existing resource on human physical appearance-how people's outer physical characteristics and their inner perceptions and attitudes about their own appearance (body image) affect their lives. The encyclopedia's 117 full-length chapters are composed and edited by the world's experts from a range of disciplines-social, behavioral, and biomedical sciences. The extensive topical coverage in this valuable reference work includes: (1) Important theories, perspectives, and concepts for understanding body image and appearance; (2) Scientific measurement.
The Thames and Hudson dictionary of art and artists
Bag-of-features approach to unsupervised visual object categorisation
Variety international film guide. 1995
The rough guide to film noir
Dokumental'noe kino Rossii - 2009 : spravočnik = Documentary cinema of Russia : the directory
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 5, History of art : Realism - South African art
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 9, Biographic dictionary of artists : Jusepe de Ribera - Francisco de Surbarán : glossary
International film guide 2006 : the definitive annual review of world cinema
Spectral and manifold clustering for image segmentation and retrieval
Variety movie guide. 2000 / edited by Derek Elley
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 3, History of art : Byzantine art - Ottonian art
The international dictionary of films and filmmakers. 2, Directors/filmmakers
The Pan art dictionary. 1, 1300-1800
Leonard Maltin's movie guide : 2015 edition : the modern era
A biographical dictionary of the cinema
