http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26037 barons
barons
Justice, Lord Denning and the constitution
Horta, the ultimate art nouveau architect
Lugard : the years of adventure 1858-1898 : the first part of the life of Frederick Dealtry Lugard later Lord Lugard of Abinger
Richthofen : a true history of the Red Baron
Early Netherlandish painting / Colin Eisler ; general editor Simon de Pury
A revolution of the mind : radical enlightenment and the intellectual origins of modern democracy
Carmen Thyssen-Bornemisza Collection : Vol 1-2 / edited by Javier Arnaldo
Lord Denning : the judge and the law
Montesquieu's comparative politics and the spirit of American constitutionalism
Radioateljee esittää: Äänen viisi kehää : Studio N, Nykytaiteen museo = Radioateljén presenterar: Ljudets fem ringar : Studio N, Museet för nutidskonst = Radio Atelier presents: five rings of sound : Studio N, The Museum of Contemporary Art, Helsinki, 8.1 / [julkaisun toimitus = katalogens redigering = catalogue editors: Eija Aarnio, Helka Ketonen]
Zulu : Queen Victoria's most famous little war
Soft despotism, democracy's drift : Montesquieu, Rousseau, Tocqueville & the modern prospect
Montesquieu and social theory
The Thyssen-Bornemisza Collection : [catalogue of the paintings] / [ed. by Rudolf Heinemann]
The occupation trilogy
Old master paintings from the Thyssen-Bornemisza Collection : [Royal Academy of Arts 18 March - 12 June 1988] / catalogue by David Ekserdjian ; ed. MaryAnne Stevens
Sedric and the great pig rescue
The Thyssen-Bornemisza Collection : illustrations of the paintings / ed. by Rudolf J. Heinemann
A Swedish baron in the service of the House of Savoy: Bernhard Otto von Rehbinder
Will & circumstance : Montesquieu, Rousseau and the French Revolution
Sir Scallywag and the deadly dragon Poo
Democracy, free thought and expression, religious tolerance, individual liberty, political self-determination of people, sexual and racial equality - these values have firmly entered the mainstream in the decades since they were enshrined in the 1948 U.N. Declaration of Human Rights. But if these ideals no longer seem radical today, their origin was very radical indeed - far more so than most historians have been willing to recognize. In "A Revolution of the Mind", Jonathan Israel, one of the world's leading historians of the Enlightenment, traces the philosophical roots of these ideas to what were the least respectable strata of Enlightenment thought - what he calls the Radical Enlightenment. Originating as a clandestine movement of ideas that was almost entirely hidden from public view during its earliest phase, the Radical Enlightenment matured in opposition to the moderate mainstream Enlightenment dominant in Europe and America in the eighteenth century. During the revolutionary decades of the 1770s, 1780s, and 1790s, the Radical Enlightenment burst into the open, only to provoke a long and bitter backlash. "A Revolution of the Mind" shows that this vigorous opposition was mainly due to the powerful impulses in society to defend the principles of monarchy, aristocracy, empire, and racial hierarchy - principles linked to the upholding of censorship, church authority, social inequality, racial segregation, religious discrimination, and far-reaching privilege for ruling groups. In telling this fascinating history, "A Revolution of the Mind" reveals the surprising origin of our most cherished values - and helps explain why in certain circles they are frequently disapproved of and attacked even today.
Liber amicorum for the Rt. Hon. Lord Wilberforce
The Isle of Brac
In 1989, the Cold War abruptly ended and it seemed as if the world was at last safe for democracy. But a spirit of uneasiness, discontent, and world-weariness soon arose and has persisted in Europe, America, and elsewhere for two decades. To discern the meaning of this malaise we must investigate the nature of liberal democracy, says the author of this provocative book, and he undertakes to do so through a detailed investigation of the thinking of Montesquieu, Rousseau, and Tocqueville.Paul A. Rahe argues that these political thinkers anticipated the modern liberal republic's propensity to drift in the direction of 'soft despotism', a condition that arises within a democracy when paternalistic state power expands and gradually undermines the spirit of self-government. Such an eventuality, feared by Tocqueville in the nineteenth century, has now become a reality throughout the European Union, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the United States, so Rahe asserts, and he explains what must be done to reverse this unfortunate trend.
Modern masters : Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum / José Alvares Lopera
A singular elegance : the photographs of Baron Adolph de Meyer
