http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2607 memory (cognition)
memory (cognition)
Vanishing acts
The brain supremacy : notes from the frontiers of neuroscience
Memory man
Now in its 16th edition, Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology has been fully revised and updated to reflect all recent research developments, theories and ideas, whilst also retaining all of the qualities which have established it as a leading undergraduate psychology textbook over the past five decades, including its highly accessible and engaging student-centred approach. The established author team of Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, Barbara Fredrickson and Geoffrey R. Loftus has been joined by Christel Lutz (University of Utrecht), who has helped to add a fresh European influence, and thereby create a truly international introductory textbook. The 'Cutting Edge Research' box features and 'Seeing Both Sides' essays which conclude each chapter have been fully updated and replaced throughout, using contributions from a range of experts across the globe, and really help to bring the text to life for students.
The empire of time
Living the good long life : a practical guide to caring for yourself and others
The effect of cue media on recollections
Other people's countries : a journey into memory
The idiot brain : a neuroscientist explains what your head is really up to
The memory trace : its formation and its fate
Multisensory museum : cross-disciplinary perspectives on touch, sound, smell, memory, and space
Puzzle films : complex storytelling in contemporary cinema
Between two countries : Estonian immigrants' identity construction in Finland
Between experience and text in ethnography and oral history
The anatomy of memory : an anthology
The role of historical memory in (ethno)nation-building
The time of memory
Recognition failure of recallable words : a cue-dependent view
Abstract.
Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to psychology
I went to the supermarket
Computing resource optimization using open source virtualization technologies
Set over the course of one night in the waiting room of a psych clinic, The Angel of History follows Yemeni-born poet Jacob as he revisits the events of his life, from his maternal upbringing in an Egyptian whorehouse to his adolescence under the aegis of his wealthy father and his life as a gay Arab man in San Francisco at the height of AIDS. Hovered over by the presence of alluring, sassy Satan who taunts Jacob to remember his painful past and dour, frigid Death who urges him to forget and give up on life, Jacob is also attended to by 14 saints. Set in Cairo and Beirut; Sana'a, Stockholm, and San Francisco; Alameddine gives us a charged philosophical portrait of a brilliant mind in crisis. This is a profound, philosophical and hilariously winning story of the war between memory and oblivion we wrestle with every day of our lives.
The memory laws of Jost
Applied problems in memory
Dynamics of brain activity underlying working memory for music in a naturalistic condition
Learning and memory
Research opportunities of life stories : everyday history
Introduction to human memory
The ghost brigades
Neuropsychology of memory
This publication is about the kinds of ethically challenging situations and ethical  dilemmas faced by health and social professionals of all levels who provide care for people with dementia in care homes and hospital settings. It contains short stories based on typical situations which professional carers might encounter, along with exercises and appendices to encourage and facilitate ethical reflection, structured  guidance on how to tackle ethically challenging situations and commentaries from experts in the field of ethics as well as professional care. The publication should ideally be used in the context of professional care training (e.g. with moderated group discussions, professional guidance and role playing) and adapted to the different levels of education and experience of the readers. It doesn't provide ready-made answers but hopefully, in the context of ongoing professional training, it will contribute towards empowering and motivating health and social care professionals to provide ethical care, and tackling ethically challenging situations with more confidence, thereby contributing to the wellbeing of their clients, colleagues and themselves.
Blackwell handbook of infant development
Disrupting neural activity related to awake-state sharp wave-ripple complexes prevents hippocampal learning
The Circle
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
The genius of birds
"The past lay claim to the present" memory and narrative as a journey to one's self : a study of Damon Galgut's In a Strange Room
In a heartbeat
Human memory : structures and processes
Content, topology and cooperation in in-network caching
The Rook
Memory distortions and their prevention
Self-organization and associative memory
Sweet and bitter memories : reminiscence talk - statements, descriptions, narratives
The kiss of the Shekhinah : narratives of human and divine motherhood in the Holocaust
Memory for action events : an episodic integration view
Memory
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
A high-ranking member of a secret organization that battles supernatural forces wakes up in a London park with no memory, no idea who she is, and with a letter that provides instructions to help her uncover a far-reaching conspiracy.
Learning and memory : an integrated approach
Human memory and cognition
Son
Subliminal : how your unconscious mind rules your behavior
Magic to the bone
Fluent forever : how to learn any language fast and never forget it
What Alice forgot
Latvian-Americans in the post-Soviet era : cultural factors on return migration in oral history interviews
This paper presents field-work based research on baptisms performed in the Soviet Union, especially during the Khrushchev anti-religious campaign. It focuses on the phenomenon of religion being shifted from the public to the private sphere and also addresses the tensions that arose when religion was again returned to the public sphere in the Post-Soviet period.
Blood of tyrants
Magic in the blood
Human memory : a reader
A developmental study of encoding in anticipation of various tests of retention
Use your memory
Fifty mice
Memory for actions
Art for Empowerment : One-on-one art sessions with dementia patients
Memory effects and geometrical considerations in open quantum systems
Oral History of Programming Practices : Gender and Age Dynamics and Digital (Dis)Engagement Among Computer Programmers in Finland
During the Holocaus Jewish mothers and their children were treated by the Nazis not as non-combatants but as enemies posing a direct racial threat to the Reich. This paper will use the recent research into gender and the Holocaust and oral histories of mothers and daughters who survived the Holocaust to show how woment experienced and resisted that status as "enemies" of the Reich. And more to the theological point, this paper will explore how those mothers' suffering and resistance to their own and their children's suffering signals towards another model of convenantal relation between God and Israel where God's promise to Israel in Leviticus 26: "I will be ever in your midst; I will be your God, and you shall be My people" need no longer be figured in terms of loyality and obedience to the commandment of an overbearing Lord.
The crypt : probing the obscure administration of cultural memory
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
Computing Resource Optimization Using Open Source Virtualization Technologies
Experiments concerning the transfer of a learned response and activity level by brain homogenates
Memory and dreams : the creative human mind
Your guide to lifetime memory improvement
Ethical dilemmas faced by health and social care professionals providing dementia care in care homes and hospital settings : a guide for use in the context of ongoing professional care training
As time goes by : some aspects of memory
All is not forgotten
Sparse distributed memory
Momentous events, vivid memories
Since the 1980s, educational policies in many countries have aimed at improving the computer literacy and programming competencies of the population. Over the same period, the possibilities that people have seen regarding programming and everyday programming practices have emerged as an area of strong interest within historical scholarship. The paper contributes to these discussions by drawing on techniques of oral history to focus on programming hobbies and practices in Finland. Examining data from a massive survey of computer hobbyists (N = 1,453) and their recollections about personal computer use (largely during the 1980s), the paper gathers new information on what leads to people's pursuit of or interest in programming and how their programming habits have changed over time. The study links together the gender and age dynamics in programming and shows how the respondents not only engaged with but also could become disengaged from programming for various reasons.
The Act of Remembering : toward an understanding of how we recall the past
Memory for absolute tempo
Improve your memory today
Connor's brain
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
World parliament – fact or fiction? : on the feasibility of world parliamentary models
Broken memories : case studies in memory impairment
The memory  jogger : a pocket guide of tools for continuous improvement
Emotional memory across the adult lifespan
The Hungarian writer of the Lost Time : memory and poetical imitation in Krúdy Gyula’s work
Slow dancing with a stranger : lost and found in the age of Alzheimer's
Remembering names and faces
Finnish oral history network
Missing person
Andrew's brain : a novel
Working memory
Remembering the golden past : nostalgia as a narrative practice of Karelian evacuees in Finland
Behavioral and electrophysiological correlates of inhibition in episodic memory
Dynamics of Müllerian mimicry: experiments with novel signals
The recovery
The persona protocol
Auditory short-term memory activation during score reading
Within and beyond oral history in Russia
National oral history - Time of change project
The dog
The memory key
Unlocking the emotional brain : eliminating symptoms at their roots using memory reconsolidation
The psychology of ageing : an introduction
Total recall. volume one : Life on Mars
Parameters of remembering and forgetting in the transition from infancy to early childhood
'Remembering God' through religious habits : the daily religious practices of evacuee Karelian orthodox women
Politics of commemoration on the streets of 1920s Helsinki
Two is one too many : dyadic memory collaboration effects on encoding and retrieval of episodes
So you don't get lost in the neighbourhood
Committed to memory : how we remember and why we forget
Human learning and memory : Selected readings
Sheldon short guide to memory problems
dents of cultural memory: the crypt and its various analogies to the question of remembrance without memory.
Photography as family ritual : visual narratives in a Finnish family photo album
The power of writing hands : logical memory performance after handwriting and typing tasks with Wechsler Memory Scale revised edition
Cognitive effects of estrogen in ovariectomized, aged and transgenic mice modeling Alzheimer's disease
It's on the tip of my tongue : word-finding strategies to remember names and words you often forget
"What should be a cozy and fun-filled weekend deep in the English countryside takes a sinister turn in Ruth Ware's suspenseful, compulsive, and darkly twisted psychological thriller.  Leonora, known to some as Lee and others as Nora, is a reclusive crime writer, unwilling to leave her "nest" of an apartment unless it is absolutely necessary. When a friend she hasn't seen or spoken to in years unexpectedly invites Nora (Lee?) to a weekend away in an eerie glass house deep in the English countryside, she reluctantly agrees to make the trip. Forty-eight hours later, she wakes up in a hospital bed injured but alive, with the knowledge that someone is dead. Wondering not "what happened?" but "what have I done?", Nora (Lee?) tries to piece together the events of the past weekend. Working to uncover secrets, reveal motives, and find answers, Nora (Lee?) must revisit parts of herself that she would much rather leave buried where they belong: in the past.  In the tradition of Paula Hawkins's instant New York Times bestseller The Girl On the Train and S. J. Watson's riveting national sensation Before I Go To Sleep, this gripping literary debut from UK novelist Ruth Ware will leave you on the edge of your seat through the very last page"--
"Unpredictable and entertaining, Burnett's account gives us up-to-date research and the principles of neuroscience along the way. Looking at memory, intelligence, observation, social interaction and personality, Burnett explains why: memory is like a doting mother; tall people are more intelligent; criticism is more powerful than praise; we remember faces before names; a glass of wine can refresh your memory and you can't be 'a little bit OCD'."--Allen & Unwin website.
Memory in the ontopoiesis of life. 1, Memory in the generation and unfolding of life
The girl with no name
Once more, my darling rogue
Baptizing Soviet children in contemporary rural narratives
An alternative scalable storage system
The sirens of Titan
Permanent present tense : the man with no memory, and what he taught the world
The shift omnibus
A study of the effect of preserved versus reinstated context on memory for words
Recovered memories and false memories
Memory development : universal changes and individual differences
In search of Solace
Planning your piano success : a blueprint for aspiring musicians
Hippocampal place cells as a window into cognitive aging
Train your brain to be a genius
Human memory : theory and practice
Interactive effects of noise and neuroticism on recall from semantic memory
Memory & cognition : a journal of the Psychonomic society
Learning and memory : a comprehensive reference
Memory management in EPOC
The retention of connected discourse after 27 years
Brain oscillatory responses, working memory and cognitive delopmental stages in 11- 14 -year old children : an ERD/ERS study
Memory and representation in contemporary Europe : the persistence of the past
History, memory and migration : perceptions of the past and the politics of incorporation
Memory development between 2 and 20
Karelia : a place of memories and utopias
What actually happened in Estonian political history : stories of the 20th century events from the viewpoint of popular narrated history
Practical aspects of memory : [proceedings of the International conference on practical aspects of memory, held under the auspices of the Welsh branch of the British Psychological Society, in Cardiff from September 4-8, 1978]
Subjective memory decline and objectively assessed memory ability among older people : a cross-sectional study
BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is the perfect text for undergraduates looking for a concise introduction to the subject, or a study guide to use before examinations. Each topic begins with a summary of essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on core information, with clear, simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and exams. BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is fully up-to-date and covers: Organization of the Nervous System Neuron Excitation Synapses Neurotransmitters Elements of Neural Computing Somatosensory Systems Vision Hearing Smell and Taste Motor Function: Spinal Cord and Brainstem Movement: Cortex, Cerebellum and Basal Ganglia Neuroendocrinology and Autonomic Functions Brain and Behaviour Learning and Memory Neuroscience Methods.
Memory illusions and memory attributions : behavioural and electrophysiological data
Memory in the real world
The legacy of Elizabeth Pringle
The fragility of goodness
Preattentive detection of rare audiovisual feature conjunctions by the human brain as reflected by the mismatch negativity
The program
Human learning and memory : selected readings
The girl on the train : [a novel]
Death by water
Then and always
Elements of episodic memory
The optimal musical pause : the effects of expectancies, musical training, and personality
Arousal and incidental learning : a reappraisal
Models of short-term memory
Thank you brain for all you remember : what you forgot was my fault
Finnish oral history network : [Reviews]
The remembering self : construction and accuracy in the self-narrative
Development of Distributed Cache Strategy for Analytic Cluster in an Internet of Things System
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
The potential of prolyl oligopeptidase as a drug target
Revelations
Adult development and aging
The fragility of goodness : [column]
Producing the past togeteher : group interview and oral history
The metaphysics of memory
How do you cue? : self-generated retrieval cues and successful recall
The sensitive interpretation of emotions : methodological perspectives on  studying meanings in written life-historical narratives
The structure of human memory
Theories of memory. Vol. 2
Common past, divided memories : historical memory of the Polish minority members in Lithuania
Memory scanning : two types of interaction between stimulus luminance and probability
Mismatch negativity : an event-related brain potential measure of auditory sensory memory traces
Phonological working memory and L2 knowledge : Finnish children learning English
Is neural and behavioral sound processing affected by practice strategies in musicians?
The beast trilogy. Chapters 1 & 2
Essentials of human memory
Clinical management of memory problems
Traumatized borders : reviving subversive narratives of b/order, and other : projektiesittely
Human associative memory : a brief edition
The art and science of reminiscing : theory, research, methods, and applications
Memory development in children
The remedy
Robert Ludlum's the Geneva strategy : a covert-one novel
Why isn't my brain working? : a revolutionary understanding of brain decline and effective strategies to recover your brain's health
Novel word learning ability in chronic post-stroke aphasia : variability and modality effects
The treatment
Why do certain places and not others symbolically capture the past and freeze time? Likewise, why does the process of memory, as a fluid and changing activity, seem to prevent its own solidification? "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" reflects not only on the persistence of the past as a theme linked to modernity, media and time, but also discusses the politics of memory within a changing Europe. Drawing on the theoretical work of Hannah Arendt, Isaiah Berlin and Zygmunt Bauman, Siobhan Kattago uses examples from both Germany and Estonia in order to address the multiple layers of Europe's totalitarian past. Through reflecting on the legacy of totalitarianism and the revolutions of 1989, it becomes clear that the issue is less of whether one should remember, but rather how to internalize the various lessons of the past for the future of Europe. "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" thus offers the reader occasions upon which to take stock of different but overlapping contours of past and present in contemporary Europe.
Nejropsihologiâ pamâti : narušeniâ pamâti pri glubinnyh poraženiâh mozga = Neuropsychology of memory : memory disturbances in deep lesions of the brain. 2
Kind of cruel
Attributes of memory
Oral history and life stories as a research area in Estonian history, folkloristics and ethnology
The angel of history : a novel
Working with rebels to bring down The Program, a suicide prevention treatment in which painful memories are erased, Sloane and James consider taking The Treatment to unlock their memories.
The development of memory in children
Age-proof your brain : sharpen your memory in 7 days
Memory and intelligence
Long-term potentiation. Volume 3
Mind hacks : tips & tools for using your brain
Models of human memory
The Real Sherlock Holmes : the mysterious methods and curious history of a true mental specialist
The enactment effect : studies of a memory phenomenon
Infant memory : its relation to normal and pathological memory in humans and other animals
Memory wall
Cross-functional brain imaging of attention, memory and executive functions : unity and diversity of neurocognitive component processes
Excuse me! Was it 7,559 or 759? : Memory strategies in sign language interpreting
How to learn almost anything in 48 hours : shortcuts and brain hacks for learning new skills fast
How we learn : the surprising truth about when, where, and why it happens
Think of a link : how to remember absolytely everything
Written within a bio-psychosocial framework, Cavanaugh and Blanchard-Fields' text covers the specific ages-stages of adult development and aging. In its unparalleled coverage of current research and theory, the authors draw clear connections between research and application. The book's focus on "positive aging" and the gains and losses people experience across adulthood distinguish it from its competitors.
Empowerment through playing : playing with roles, photos, texts, memories, cards and co-players
Connor began his second life at the age of fifteen. He started it with a thirty-mile-an-hour brain. Connor's first life ended when a virus in his brain stripped him of almost everything - his memory, language and a sense of time. Now Connor lives in a permanent present that he doesn't understand. The 'new' Connor doesn't recognise or remember his parents, his brother, his friends - or his girlfriend Hattie. New-Connor can't remember the old Connor, but there are people who can. People who have reasons to keep him quiet - or to hurt him. Because old-Connor had a dark past.
Loving a lost lord
A study of an environmental context effect on memory in nursery school children versus adults
Memory performance and competencies : issues in growth and development
Memory in the ontopoiesis of life. 2, Memory in the orbit of the human creative existence
The giver
The girl on the train
A study of an person-related context effect on memory in nursery school children versus adults
Anxious : the modern mind in the age of anxiety
The two deaths of Daniel Hayes
Brilliant memory
Theoretical aspects of memory
The agile mind : how your brain makes creativity happen
Learning maps and memory skills
