http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p260 categories
categories
Categories of being : essays on metaphysics and logic
Cakes, custard + category theory : easy recipes for understanding complex maths
"The process of constructing concepts underpins our capacity to encode information in an efficient and competent manner and also, ultimately, our ability to think in terms of abstract ideas such as justice, love and happiness. But what are the mechanisms which correspond to psychological categorization processes? This book unites many prominent approaches in modelling categorization. Each chapter focuses on a particular formal approach to categorization, presented by the proponent(s) or advocate(s) of that approach, and the authors consider the relation of this approach to other models and the ultimate objectives in their research programmes. The volume evaluates progress that has been made in the field and potential future developments. This is an essential companion to any scientist interested in the formal description of categorization and, more generally, in formal approaches to cognition. It will be the definitive guide to formal approaches in categorization research for years to come"--
Women, fire, and dangerous things : what categories reveal about the mind
The discovery of things : Aristotle's Categories and their context
Cakes, custard + category theory : easy recipes for understanding complex mathematics
The category of relation
Categorizing work : knowing, arguing, and social dilemmas in vocational guidance
Enhancing web search result access with automatic categorization
Categorial grammars and natural language structures
A connectionist approach to nominal inflection : paradigm patterning and analogy in Finnish
Similarity and symbols in human thinking
Critique of pure reason
Regression for categorical data
Multimedia works and the issue of categorisation
The grounds for evaluating retailers as middlemen
Proglegomena : to any future metaphysics that will be able to come forward as science
Our aesthetic categories : zany, cute, interesting
Categories for the working mathematician
Substance and predication in Aristotle
On Aristotle Categories 5-6
The inflectional categories of Indo-European
On Aristotle's "Categories 7-8"
Genius at crossroads : the new role of the 21st century artist
Monoids, acts and categories : with applications to wreath products and graphs : a handbook for students and researchers
Categories and sheaves
Typology of verbal categories : papers presented to Vladimir Nedjalkov on the occasion of his 70th birthday
Object categories : typology of tools
Analysis of categorical data with R
Medieval commentaries on Aristotle's Categories
Character strengths and virtues : a handbook and classification
Categorizing cognition : toward conceptual coherence in the foundations of psychology
Theory and reality : metaphysics as second science
Concepts and categories : philosophical essays
Classificatory structures : concepts, relations and representation
Sheaves, games, and model completions : a categorical approach to nonclassical propositional logics
Was Jesus a Muslim? : questioning categories in the study of religion
Categorial change and philosophical argument
The semantics and metaphysics of natural kinds
Categories and logic in Duns Scotus : an interpretation of Aristotle's Categories in the late thirteenth century
Visual category detection : an experimental perspective
Aristotle's Categories in the early Roman Empire
The logic of categories
Heidegger's interpretation of Kant : categories, imagination, and temporality
Aristotle's theory of substance : the Categories and Metaphysics Zeta
Language, mind, and culture : a practical introduction
Cognition and pragmatics
On Aristotle's "Categories 1-4"
Hegel reconsidered : beyond metaphysics and the authoritarian state
Concise encyclopedia of grammatical categories
Handbook of categorization in cognitive science
A theory of category projection and its applications
Aristotle's Categories and De interpretatione
This edited volume is a comprehensive presentation of views on the relations between metaphysics and logic from Aristotle through twentieth century philosophers who contributed to the return of metaphysics in the analytic tradition. The collection combines interest in logic and its history with interest in analytical metaphysics and the history of metaphysical thought. By so doing, it adds both to the historical understanding of metaphysical problems and to contemporary research in the field. Throughout the volume, essays focus on metaphysica generalis, or the systematic study of the most ...
Rings and categories of modules
Does the sacred make a difference? : category formation in comparative religion
Signs of logic : Peircean themes on the philosophy of language, games, and communication
Meanings and prototypes : studies in linguistic categorization
Verb conjugation in Tundra Nenets
High level distributed transition systems in categories
Prolegomena to any future metaphysics that will be able to present itself as a science
Functional grammar : aspect and aspectuality : tense and temporality : essays in honour of Alexander Bondarko
Multiculturalism as a challenge in contemporary Finnish picturebooks : reimagining sociocultural categories
The Russian nominal declension categories : a semantic analysis of morphological gender
Categorical foundations : special topics in order, topology, and Sheaf theory
Derived attributes as mediators between categorization and acceptance of new functional drink
Rational models of cognition
Categorization in the history of English
Categorical frameworks
On display : a design grammar for museum exhibition
This study focuses on representations of multiculturalism in children’s literature. Children’s books are seen as cultural products which do not only reflect but also construct our social reality. The research consists of four peer-reviewed articles and a summary part. This interdisciplinary research is theoretically positioned in both cultural studies and social sciences, with the key concepts of multiculturalism, identity, ethnicity, racism and anti-racism. More specifically, the study contributes to the discussions of multicultural children’s literature as both pedagogy and art.The methodological-theoretical framework is based on the social constructionist approach. Language is understood as socially, historically, sociopolitically and ideologically constructed; hence performativity, discourse and representation are considered as key concepts of the analysis. Intersectionality functions as both a theoretical framework which guides the understanding of multiculturalism, as well as an analytical tool for examining the data. The data consists of children’s picturebooks which are analysed by applying the method of close reading. Intersectional analysis also makes the numerous sociocultural categories, i.e. ethnicity, nationality, gender, language, dis/ability and age visible in the studied books.The results show that representations of multiculturalism are connected to the ideas of nationality, which again relates to the ideas of belonging and exclusion - often meaning Finnish/non-Finnish division. The representations of multiculturalism can reproduce and circulate discourses of differentiation, and thus legitimise exclusion and marginalisation of people. However, picturebooks can also display representations of multiculturalism that challenge the normative assumptions of ‘difference’ and ‘normal’. In the studied books, challenging the dominant sociopolitical discour ses seems to further the understanding of ‘us’ in a more inclusive way which then might prevent exclusion of people who differ from the ‘norm’. The didactic quality of children’s books is manifest in anti-racist strategies with the aim of reducing racism by making it visible. The study shows that children’s literature offers possibilities for readers to question implicit assumptions about the self and other, and thus can support readers in becoming more culturally aware and sensitive.
Basic category theory for computer scientists
On Aristotle Categories
Concepts and conceptual development : ecological and intellectual factors in categorization
A realistic theory of categories : an essay on ontology
Information Graphics
Formal approaches in categorization
Categories for software engineering
Between grammar and lexicon
Future logic : categorical and conditional deduction and induction of the natural, temporal, extensional and logical modalities
Locating emotions in the categories
Categorization in social psychology
Categories and cognitive models
Constructive generalized quantifiers of English : a study in type-theoretical grammar
"We live in a categorical world! From a positive or negative disease diagnosis to choosing all items that apply in a survey, outcomes are frequently organized into categories so that people can more easily make sense of them. However, analyzing data from categorical responses requires specialized techniques beyond those learned in a rst or second course in Statistics. We o er this book to help students and researchers learn how to properly analyze categorical data. Unlike other texts on similar topics, our book is a modern account using the vastly popular R software. We use R not only as a data analysis method but also as a learning tool. For example, we use data simulation to help readers understand the underlying assumptions of a procedure and then to evaluate that procedure's performance. We also provide numerous graphical demonstrations of the features and properties of various analysis methods. The focus of this book is on the analysis of data, rather than on the mathematical development of methods. We o er numerous examples from a wide rage of disciplines medicine, psychology, sports, ecology, and others and provide extensive R code and output as we work through the examples. We give detailed advice and guidelines regarding which procedures to use and why to use them. While we treat likelihood methods as a tool, they are not used blindly. For example, we write out likelihood functions and explain how they are maximized. We describe where Wald, likelihood ratio, and score procedures come from. However, except in Appendix B, where we give a general introduction to likelihood methods, we do not frequently emphasize calculus or carry out mathematical analysis in the text. The use of calculus is mostly from a conceptual focus, rather than a mathematical one"--
Semantics and cognition
Studies in Russian forms and uses : the present gerund and active participle
Organon. [1], The categories : On interpretation
Category theory
A connectionist approach to nominal inflection : paradigm patterning and analogy in Finnsih
Studying the field of game studies : a proposal model to categorize game studies
The categorical structure of the world
Syntactic gradience : the nature of grammatical indeterminancy
Conceptual mathematics : a first introduction to categories
Birds, colours and prepositions : the theory of categorization and its applications in linguistics
