http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26177 Occupy movement
Occupy movement
Why it's still kicking off everywhere : the new global revolutions
Looks at the history of the Occupy Movement, its roots, the links between income distribution and the economic crisis, and its impact around the globe.
The Occupy handbook
The making of a protest movement in Turkey : #occupygezi
What we are fighting for : a radical collective manifesto
Occupying political science : the Occupy Wall Street movement from New York to the world
The question of strategy
From the earliest meetings for Occupy Wall Street, David Graeber - activist, anarchist, and anthropologist - felt that something was different from previous demonstrations. As events gathered pace, from local actions like illegally teaching a seminar in the Bank of America lobby (in a tweed jacket he'd borrowed to look the part) to his harassment and attempted intimidation by New York police in Zuccotti Park, Graeber saw the other Occupy movements in Cairo, Athens, Barcelona and London and knew that times were truly changing. This witty, provocative look at the actions of the 99% is a vital read in today's protest climate, and asks: why did it work this time? What went right? And what can we all do now to make our world democratic once again? An energetic account of contemporary events, The Democracy Project will change the way you think about anarchism and political organisation.
The democracy project : a history, a crisis, a movement
Critical perspectives on social media and protest : between control and emancipation
This new book takes the debate a stage further-looking in more detail at the kind of progressive politics that might form the vision of a Good Society in which such inequality, and the instability it produces is reduced. A Precariat Charter discusses how rights - political, civil, social and economic - have been denied to the Precariat, and at the importance of redefining our social contract around notions of associational freedom, agency and the commons. The ecological imperative is also discussed - something that was only hinted at in Standing's original book but has been widely discussed in relation to the Precariat by theorists and activists alike"--
Bastards of utopia : living radical politics after socialism
Appraising the Wall Street Occupation : an appraisal-based framework in the use of critical discourse analysis regarding three news texts texts on the Occupy movement of late 2011
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
"Guy Standing's immensely influential 2011 book introduced the Precariat as an emerging mass class, characterized by inequality and insecurity. Standing outlined the increasingly global nature of the Precariat as a social phenomenon, especially in the light of the social unrest characterized by the Occupy movements. He outlined the political risks they might pose, and at what might be done to diminish inequality and allow such workers to find a more stable labour identity. His concept and his conclusions have been widely taken up by thinkers from Noam Chomsky to Zygmunt Bauman, by political activists and by policy-makers.
A precariat charter : from denizens to citizens
We are many : reflections on movement strategy from occupation to liberation
