http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2616 artificial intelligence
artificial intelligence
The computer and the brain
Deep knowledge and domain models
Over the coming decades, Artificial Intelligence will profoundly impact the way we live, work, wage war, play, seek a mate, educate our young, and care for our elderly. It is likely to greatly increase our aggregate wealth, but it will also upend our labor markets, reshuffle our social order, and strain our private and public institutions. Eventually it may alter how we see our place in the universe, as machines pursue goals independent of their creators and outperform us in domains previously believed to be the sole dominion of humans. Whether we regard them as conscious or unwitting, revere them as a new form of life or dismiss them as mere clever appliances, is beside the point. They are likely to play an increasingly critical and intimate role in many aspects of our lives. The emergence of systems capable of independent reasoning and action raises serious questions about just whose interests they are permitted to serve, and what limits our society should place on their creation and use. Deep ethical questions that have bedeviled philosophers for ages will suddenly arrive on the steps of our courthouses. Can a machine be held accountable for its actions? Should intelligent systems enjoy independent rights and responsibilities, or are they simple property? Who should be held responsible when a self-driving car kills a pedestrian? Can your personal robot hold your place in line, or be compelled to testify against you? If it turns out to be possible to upload your mind into a machine, is that still you? The answers may surprise you. -- Provided by publisher.
The scientific secrets of Doctor Who
The long Earth
Artificial intelligence in economics and management : papers written after the international workshop on artificial intelligence in economics and management, Zurich, March 12-14, 1985
The Service is an internet-like system biologically hardwired into a person's brain. Most consider it essential to modern human life, but for Peter Chardin The Service is the source of a special type of anxiety. His own free will feels like an illusion, dictated by the algorithms of the program
Advances in artificial intelligence : proceedings of the 1987 AISB Conference, University of Edinburgh, 6-10 April 1987
Planning algorithms
Report on planet three and other speculations
Death's head
The computer revolution in philosophy : philosophy, science and models of mind
Unsupervised learning : foundations of neural computation
Abstract (1 s.).
Eager
Robogenesis : a novel
Self-organization and associative memory
Computational grammar : an artificial intelligence approach to linguistic description
Readings in model-based diagnosis
Degrees of freedom
The planet Kerenza is attacked, and Kady and Ezra find themselves on a space fleet fleeing the enemy, while their ship's artificial intelligence system and a deadly plague may be the end of them all -
The imitation game : Alan Turing decoded
Machine intelligence. 12, Towards an automated logic of human thought
Multicriteria decision aid and artificial intelligence
One man will transcend death to seek vengeance. One woman will transform herself to gain power. And no one will emerge unscathed.... Thorvald Spear wakes in a hospital to find he's been brought back from the dead. What's more, he died in a human vs. alien war that ended a century ago. Spear had been trapped on a world surrounded by hostile Prador forces, but Penny Royal, the AI inside the rescue ship sent to provide backup, turned rogue, annihilating friendly forces in a frenzy of destruction and killing Spear. One hundred years later the AI is still on the loose, and Spear vows for revenge at any cost. Isobel Satomi ran a successful crime syndicate, but after competitors attacked she needed power and protection. Negotiating with Penny Royal, she got more than she bargained for: Turning part-AI herself gave Isobel frightening power, but the upgrades hid a horrifying secret, and the dark AI triggered a transformation that has been turning her into something far from human.... Spear hires Isobel to track Penny Royal across worlds to its last known whereabouts. But he cheats her in the process and quickly finds himself in her crosshairs. As Isobel continues to evolve into a monstrous predator, it's clear her rage will eventually win out over reason. Will Spear finish his hunt before he himself becomes the hunted?
The intelligent web : search, smart algorithms and big data
Artificial intelligence applications for business : proceedings of the NYU symposium, May, 1983
When the space station Heimdall is invaded, Hannah and Nik must work together to defeat the enemy. --
Prediction of one repetition maximum in weight lifting with multilinear regression model
Computer
Algorithmic learning
Thinking machines : the evolution of artificial intelligence
Waking hell
Forms of introspection in machine intelligence
Memory-saving optimization algorithms for systems with limited hardware
Applications in artificial intelligence
Artificial intelligence : an introductory course
Managing expert systems
Machine learning for audio, image and video analysis : theory and applications
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Make way for the superhumans : how the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Robotics and AI: an introduction to applied machine intelligence
Time dependent classification of features with a nonlinear, dynamic network
Analogical and inductive inference : international workshop AII '92, Dagstuhl Castle, Germany, October 5-9, 1992 : proceedings
Logic Programming and Automated Reasoning : 5th international conference, LPAR '94, Kiev, Ukraine, July 16-22, 1994 : proceedings
Silently and very fast
Designing intelligent systems : an introduction
Developing expert systems for business
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : case Spaceship Captain -prototype
Intelligent methods in the electronics industry : quality analysis of automated soldering
AI in the 1980s and beyond : an MIT survey
Computation and cognition : toward a foundation for cognitive science
Automated planning : theory and practice
Leviathan
The classical decision problem
Handbook of logic in artificial intelligence and logic programming. Vol. 3, Nonmonotonic reasoning and uncertain reasoning
Foundations of distributed artificial intelligence
Planning algorithms are impacting technical disciplines and industries around the world, including robotics, computer-aided design, manufacturing, computer graphics, aerospace applications, drug design, and protein folding. This coherent and comprehensive book unifies material from several sources, including robotics, control theory, artificial intelligence, and algorithms. The treatment is centered on robot motion planning, but integrates material on planning in discrete spaces. A major part of the book is devoted to planning under uncertainty, including decision theory, Markov decision processes, and information spaces, which are the 'configuration spaces' of all sensor-based planning problems. The last part of the book delves into planning under differential constraints that arise when automating the motions of virtually any mechanical system. This text and reference is intended for students, engineers, and researchers in robotics, artificial intelligence, and control theory as well as computer graphics, algorithms, and computational biology.
Egocentric interaction for ambient intelligence
Chill
Computational complexity of reasoning about plans
Classification of legal norms : some principles for classifying legal norms and their logical implications : a study of law and artificial intelligence
Foundations of neural networks, fuzzy systems and knowledge engineering
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
The red : first light
The handbook of artificial intelligence. Vol. 2
The algebraist
Expert systems, tools and applications
What computers can't do : a critique of artificial reason
The fall of Hyperion
Intelligent computer aided design : proceedings of the IFIP WG 5.2 Working Conference on Intelligent Computer Aided Design (IntCAD91), Columbus, OH, USA, 30 September - 3 October 1991
Insectronics : build your own walking robot
Crashing heaven
Artificial intelligence : the basics
Artificial intelligence for society
Building the artificial neural network environment : Artificial Neural Networks in plane control
War Factory
Neural networks
The goal of this thesis was to develop a prototype of a need-based artificial intelligence (AI) for a computer game. The thesis wasn't commissioned by a third party, but was done out of my own interest and to improve my know-how. The AI was developed for Spaceship Captain, a game I have been working on for some time. Spaceship Captain is a story focused, 2D-life simulation/role-playing game for PC. The game’s central feature is random generated non-playable characters and their social AI, highly reminiscent of the AI seen in The Sims. As the complete AI was going to be too complex subject for a thesis, I instead decided to only cover the need-based functionality. The prototype was developed with Unity and Microsoft Visual Studio. The most important methods for developing the prototype were finite state machines, fuzzy logic, navigation meshes and smart objects. The AI of The Sims was used as a jumping-off as it's also need-based. Instead of taking the needs that The Sims uses though, Maslow's hierarchy of needs was used a base instead and later modified further. The AI prototype was successfully developed, though not as expansively as first envisioned. Only a handful of the designed needs made their way into the prototype, but this ultimately wasn't a real issue, as implementing all of the needs as designed, they would've needed additional systems to accompany them. The core of the need-based functionality was however developed as planned. During the writing of this thesis, a handful of points of improvement were discovered with the prototype, but as again they weren't something to be dealt with within the scope of the thesis, they were left for future development.
On being a machine. Volume 1, Formal aspects of artificial intelligence
Gadgets, games, robots, and the digital world
Lychee light club
Principles of artificial intelligence
Spatial representation and motion planning
A concise overview of machine learning - computer programs that learn from data - which underlies applications that include recommendation systems, face-recognition, and driverless cars.
Validation of concept acquisition models
Artificial intelligence : what everyone needs to know
The handbook of artificial intelligence. Volume 1
Introduction to artificial intelligence
Sparse distributed memory
Weakened negative introspection in autoepistemic reasoning
Computational analysis of small non-coding RNAs in model systems
Presents recent advances in both models and systems for intelligent decision making. Organisations often face complex decisions requiring the assessment of large amounts of data. In recent years Multicriteria Decision Aid (MCDA) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques have been applied with considerable success to support decision making in a wide range of complex real-world problems. The integration of MCDA and AI provides new capabilities relating to the structuring of complex decision problems in static and distributed environments. These include the handling of massive data sets, the modelling of ill-structured information, the construction of advanced decision models, and the development of efficient computational optimization algorithms for problem solving. This book covers a rich set of topics, including intelligent decision support technologies, data mining models for decision making, evidential reasoning, evolutionary multiobjective optimization, fuzzy modelling, as well as applications in management and engineering. Multicriteria Decision Aid and Artificial Intelligence : Covers all of the recent advances in intelligent decision making. Includes a presentation of hybrid models and algorithms for preference modelling and optimisation problems. Provides illustrations of new intelligent technologies and architectures for decision making in static and distributed environments. Explores the general topics on preference modelling and learning, along with the coverage of the main techniques and methodologies and applications. Is written by experts in the field. This book provides an excellent reference tool for the increasing number of researchers and practitioners interested in the integration of MCDA and AI for the development of effective hybrid decision support methodologies and systems. Academics and post-graduate students in the fields of operational research, artificial intelligence and management science or decision analysis will also find this book beneficial.
Artificial neural network analysis of heart rate under cognitive load in a flight simulator
Learning decision trees from noisy examples
Information granularity, big data, and computational intelligence
Viability of artificial neural networks in mobile healthcare
Principles of expert systems
STeP-86 symposium papers : Finnish Artificial Intelligence Symposium, Otaniemi, Espoo, Finland, August 19-22, 1986 = STeP -86 symposium papers : Suomen tekoälytutkimuksen päivät. Vol. 1, AI and philosophy
Practical knowledge engineering : [creating successful commercial expert systems]
Logistics and supply chain management with artificial intelligence techniques : part 2
Minds and machines
Utilization of neural network and agent technology combination for distributed intelligent applications and services
Liminal monster and the conflict between human and machine : the Shrike in Dan Simmons' Hyperion and The Fall of Hyperion
Blue remembered Earth
The handbook of artificial intelligence. Vol. 1
Computational intelligence applications in smart grids : enabling methodologies for proactive and self-organizing power systems
I Heart Robot
The handbook of artificial intelligence. Vol. 3
Foundations of artificial intelligence
Knowledge-based reactive scheduling : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG5.7 International Workshop on Knowledge-Based Reactive Scheduling, Athens, Greece, 1 October, 1993
Tools for building knowledge based systems
Sixteen-year-old Tyri wants to be a musician and wants to be with someone who won't belittle her musical aspirations.  Q-I-99 aka 'Quinn' lives in a scrap metal sanctuary with other rogue droids. While some use violence to make their voices heard, demanding equal rights for AI enhanced robots, Quinn just wants a moment on stage with his violin to show the humans that androids like him have more to offer than their processing power.  Tyri and Quinn's worlds collide when they're accepted by the Baldur Junior Philharmonic Orchestra. As the rift between robots and humans deepens, Tyri and Quinn's love of music brings them closer together, making Tyri question where her loyalties lie and Quinn question his place in the world. With the city on the brink of civil war, Tyri and Quinn make a shocking discovery that turns their world inside out. Will their passion for music be enough to hold them together while everything else crumbles down around them, or will the truth of who they are tear them apart?
Black light express
The NAO robot as a Personal Assistant
Chappie : the art of the movie
The machinery
What to think about machines that think : today's leading thinkers on the age of machine intelligence
Reliable and probably useful concept learning
14th European Symposium on Artificial Neural Networks : advances in computational intelligence and learning : ESANN ̈2006 : Bruges, Belgium April 26-27-28, 2006 : proceedings
Algorithmic learning theory : third workshop, ALT '92, Tokyo, Japan, October 20-22, 1992 : proceedings
Fear index
Artificial and human intelligence : edited review papers presented at the International NATO Symposium on Artificial and Human Intelligence, sponsored by the Special Programme Panel, held in Lyon, France, October, 1981
Artificial intelligence : structures and strategies for complex problem solving
Solving the frame problem : a mathematical investigation of the common sense law of inertia
The Medusa chronicles
Conceptual structures : information processing in mind and machine
vN : the first machine dynasty
Advances in information modelling and knowledge bases
Advances in artificial intelligence : proceedings : 12th Biennial Conference of the Canadian Society for Computational Studies of Intelligence, AI'98 Vancouver, BC, Canada, June 18-20, 1998
What a machine should know about philosophical problems?
Nonmonotonic reasoning
The names
Expert systems : concepts and examples
The master algorithm : how the quest for the ultimate learning machine will remake our world
Insurgence
Thorvald Spear, resurrected from his death over a hundred years earlier, continues to hunt Penny Royal, the rogue AI and dangerous war criminal on the run from Polity forces. Beyond the Graveyard, a lawless and deadly area in deep space, Spear follows the trail of several enemy Prador, the crab-like alien species with a violent history of conflict with humanity.  Sverl, a Prador genetically modified by Penny Royal and slowly becoming human, pursues Cvorn, a Prador harboring deep hatred for the Polity looking to use him and other hybrids to reignite the dormant war with mankind.  Blite, captain of a bounty hunting ship, hands over two prisoners and valuable memplants from Penny Royal to the Brockle, a dangerous forensics entity under strict confinement on a Polity spaceship that quickly takes a keen interest in the corrupted AI and its unclear motives.  Penny Royal meanwhile continues to pull all the strings in the background, keeping the Polity at bay and seizing control of an attack ship. It seeks Factory Station Room 101, a wartime manufacturing space station believed to be destroyed. What does it want with the factory? And will Spear find the rogue AI before it gets there?
A guide to commercial artificial intelligence : fundamentals and real-world applications
The long utopia
Awareness in logic and cognitive neuroscience
Unstable feature relevance in classification tasks
Theories of flight
Optimizaation and applications of large-scale biomedical event networks
First IEEE International Conference on Cognitive Informatics : ICCI 2002 : proceedings : 19-20 August 2002, Calgary, Alberta, Canada
The singularity is near : when humans transcend biology
Vn : the first machine dynasty
Elysium, or, The world after
Cracking the code: understand and profit from the biotech revolution that will transform our lives and generate fortunes
Developments in expert systems : from a special issue of the International journal of man-machine studies
Vision and navigation : the Carnegie Mellon Navlab
Love and sex with robots : the evolution of human-robot relationships
Modelling cutting states in rough turning of 34CrNiMo6 steel
iD : the second machine dynasty
Ack-Ack Macaque
Neural Network Programming : With the incorporation of a genetic evolution algorithm
The abyss beyond dreams : chronicle of the Fallers
Machine learning : the new AI
Artificial intelligence : instructor's manual
Modelling machine emotions for realizing intelligence : foundations and applications
Artificial intelligence : methodology, systems, applications : proceedings of the International Conference on Artificial Intelligence: Methodology, Systems, Applications (AIMSA '84) Varna, Bulgaria, 17-20 September, 1984
Understanding computers and cognition : a new foundation for design
How to transmit artificial information in peripheral nerves without disturbing their natural information flow
Conceptual information processing
Intelligent agents II : agent theories, architectures, and languages : IJCAI'95 workshop (ATAL), Montréal, Canada, August 19-20, 1995, proceedings
Crash course in artificial intelligence and expert systems
Computational complexity problems in neutral associative memories
The CARELIA simulator : a development and specification environment for neural networks
Artificial intelligence : towards pactical application : proceedings of the joint Technology Assessment Conference of the Gottlieb Duttweiler Institute and the European Coordination Committee for Artificial Intelligence, Rüschlikon, Zürich, Switzerland, 12-13 April 1984
Human and artificial intelligence
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : Case Spaceship Captain –prototype
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
Automated planning technology now plays a significant role in a variety of demanding applications, ranging from controlling space vehicles and robots to playing the game of bridge. These real-world applications create new opportunities for synergy between theory and practice: observing what works well in practice leads to better theories of planning, and better theories lead to better performance of practical applications. "Automated Planning" mirrors this dialogue by offering a comprehensive, up-to-date resource on both the theory and practice of automated planning. The book goes well beyond classical planning, to include temporal planning, resource scheduling, planning under uncertainty, and modern techniques for plan generation, such as task decomposition, propositional satisfiability, constraint satisfaction, and model checking. The authors combine over 30 years experience in planning research and development to offer an invaluable text to researchers, professionals, and graduate students. It comprehensively explains paradigms for automated planning. It provides a thorough understanding of theory and planning practice, and how they relate to each other. It presents case studies of applications in space, robotics, CAD/CAM, process control, emergency operations, and games. It provides a thorough understanding of AI planning theory and practice, and how they relate to each other. It covers all the contemporary topics of planning, as well as important practical applications of planning, such as model checking and game playing. It provides lecture notes, examples of programming assignments, pointers to downloadable planning systems and related information online.
Predator one : a Joe Ledger novel
In the future the afterlife will be digitised. Return to the world of Station in the sequel to the acclaimed Crashing Heaven. On Station the dead live on, haunting the living as Fetches; digital ghosts drawn from the downloaded memories of the deceased. And hell is a series of hard drives where those who cannot haunt are stored. But now one woman must journey into the hard drives to solve a murder. Even as the gods of Station face the dawn of a new age. Mixing classic cyberpunk tropes with a fresh take on how we will live in a virtually enhanced reality, worshipping corporations who have become gods, Al Roberston has established himself as a thoughtful and skilled writer of vastly intelligent, gripping SF thrillers.
Artificial intelligence : promise and performance
