http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26125 foliage plants (house plants)
foliage plants (house plants)
The structure and function of plastids
Small gardens are a challenge to design and to keep looking good. This title aims to inspire and inform gardeners to make the most of their small spaces by looking at more than 50 contemporary and inspirational gardens, at how their designers have created them and how their owners use and develop them. In this serious review of the perennial subject, Noel explains the theory and practice of planting a small garden, he advocates on the use of containers, revitalises growing your own, and explains design tricks, storage solutions and vertical planting to help small garden owners maximise their small spaces. And lack of space should not limit ambition for embracing sustainability, the use of recycled materials and the scope for bio-diversity as well as providing habitats for wildlife. All the gardens featured have been photographed in the last two years. Special photography is by Dutch garden photographer and former fashion stylist Maayke de Ridder whose design rigour perfectly complements the author's gardening expertise.
Really small gardens : a practical guide to gardening in a truly small space
Fundamentals of turfgrass management
Creating a low-allergen garden
Absolutely beautiful containers : the ABC's of creative container gardens
Planting : a new perspective
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Turfgrass Science and Management for Sports Fields : June 24-29, 2007, Beijing, China
Interior landscaping
Molecular components of the thylakoid membranes and the chloroplast ultrastructure in some bryophytes
The complete practical guide to small gardens : a complete step-by-step guide to successful gardening in smaller spaces : everything you need to know about planning, design and planting
The commercial greenhouse
The balcony gardener : creative ideas for small spaces
A sense of place : how to create a garden with atmosphere
Gardening in a small space
A biology of the algae
Interior landscapes : an American portfolio of green environments
The new garden
The complete book of patio and container gardening
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Bologna, Italy, June 9 - 13, 2009.. Vol. 2
Proceedings of the International Conference on Urban Horticulture : Wädenswil, Switzerland, 2-6 September
Hot plants for cool climates : gardening with tropical plants in temperate zones
Moss gardening : including lichens, liverworts, and other miniatures
Water gardening : water lilies and lotuses
The practical encyclopedia of container gardening : indoors & outdoors
Tropical foliage plants : a grower's guide
Designing and creating a cottage garden : how to cultivate a garden full of flowers, herbs, trees, fruit, vegetables and livestock, with 500 inspirational photographs
Thoughts on garden design
The conservatory gardener
Feeling good with plants, extra large
Chloroplasts
Glass houses : a history of greenhouses, orangeries and conservatories
Waterscaping : plants and ideas for natural and created water gardens
The garden floor
The complete planting design course : plans and styles for every garden
Manual of woody landscape plants : their identification, ornamental characteristics, culture, propagation and uses
The Royal Horticultural Society encyclopedia of plants and flowers
An "alternative to traditional horticulture: designed plantings that function like naturally occurring plant communities. Thomas Rainer and Claudia West, two leading voices in ecological landscape design, reveal how plants fit together in nature and how to use this knowledge to create landscapes that are resilient, beautiful, and diverse."--Page 4 of cover.
The planting design handbook
Glass houses : a history of greenhouses,orangeries and conservatories
Practical horticulture
Natural garden style : gardening inspired by nature
Molecular biology and biotechnology of plant organelles : chloroplasts and mitochondria
Gardening on pavement, tables, and hard surfaces
Houseplants : plants to add style and glamour to your home
Novel regulatory aspects of photosynthetic electron transport in plants
Planting in a post-wild world : designing plant communities for resilient landscapes
Conservatory and indoor plants : plants for warm gardens. Vol. 1
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
The winter garden : create a garden that shines through the forgotten season
Root Growth Conditions in Greenwall : Test Method Development and Experiment Conduction
Take Chelsea home : practical inspiration from the RHS Chelsea flower show
Conservatory and indoor plants : plants for warm gardens. Vol. 2
The meaning of growing plants : contributions to the elderly living in sheltered housing
Photosynthetic adaptation : chloroplast to landscape
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
Landscape operations : management, methods and materials
Conservatory book
European bird cherry (Prunus padus Linneaus) : a biodiverse wild plant for horticulture
Ball pest & disease manual : disease, insect, and mite control on flower and foliage crops
Green roof plants : a resource and planting guide
Přirozená vegetace území hlavního města Prahy a její rekonstrukční mapa = Natural vegetation of the territory of the capital city Prague and its reconstruction map
This eagerly anticipated new book from the pioneer of ecological planting demonstrates how Piet Oudolf builds his signature planting style.
No time to garden : the half-hour gardener
The complete guide to landscape projects : natural landscape design, eco friendly water features, hardscaping, landscape plantings
Planting design : gardens in time and space
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Bologna, Italy, June 9 - 13, 2009 ; [LUH 2009]
Planting green roofs and living walls
Indian jute : a new symphony
This paper reports the results of a literature study into the effect of plants on human well-being. Modern synthetic furnishings, computers and electrical equipment and everyday household products such as cleaning materials, emit various harmful gases in small quantities which all contribute to the recognized sick building syndrome. Simple additions of a few indoor plants in your home or office can do a great deal to boost your health and well-being.     Different studies from various countries show that there are many different settings in which humans interact with plants. Some of these settings have a therapeutic aim, others do not. The benefits of plants for office workers in a working environment have been examined in different studies. Some research has been done into the effects of plants on well-being and health. The results show that there is a positive relationship between plants added to workplace and the health of the worker such as a decline of health problems like fatigue, headaches and complaints like dry and sore throat and dry hands when plants were placed in office. From an economical point of view, it should be of great interest to include plants as a work environment asset, since only small investments are necessary in order to establish a green indoor environment. In addition and probably just as important, personal well-being and the quality of the every day working environment may be increased for the employees.    The thesis is divided into two parts, the writing part and the handbook part. The objective of the thesis is to elaborate discussions of well-being in the hospitality by considering plants as new aspects.
Trees in the urban landscape : principles and practice
Green manure/cover crops and crop rotation in conservation agriculture on small farms
Postharvest biotechnology of flowers and ornamental plants
Living with the seasons : creating a natural home
The gardens of Gertrude Jekyll
Tree biology and tree care : photo guide
Principles of ecological landscape design
The green roof manual : a professional guide to design, installation, and maintenance
All-in-one garden : grow vegetables, fruit, herbs and flowers in the same space
International review of cytology. Vol. 113 : a survey of cell biology
Turfgrass biology, genetics and breeding
Plants and well-being
The complete book of the water garden
Turf management for golf courses
The dynamic landscape : design, ecology and management of naturalistic urban planting
Proceedings of the VIIIth International People-Plant Symposium on Exploring Therapeutic Powers of Flowers, Greenery and Nature : Awaji, Japan, June 4-6, 2004
Success of micropropagated woody landscape plants under northern growing conditions and changing environment
New small garden : contemporary principles, planting and practice
Indoor gardening : a new approach to displaying plants in the home
Greenhouse ecosystems
Natural turf for sport and amenity : science and practice
Coordination of nuclear gene expression by chloroplast-derived signals in Arabidopsis thaliana
Pots in the garden : expert design and planting techniques
Lipids in photosynthesis : structure, function and genetics
