http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26185 deliberative democracy
deliberative democracy
The deliberative democracy handbook : strategies for effective civic engagement in the twenty-first century
Democratic illusion : deliberative democracy in Canadian public policy
Governing biodiversity through democratic deliberation
The foundations of deliberative democracy : empirical research and normative implications
"Written by a former CIA covert ops and intelligence expert, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto provides a roadmap for empowering the public to return to an informed, engaged democracy of, by, and for the people"--Provided by publisher.
Citizens, deliberation, and the practice of democracy : a triptych from the kettering review
Summary: "Deliberative democrats seek to link political choices more closely to the deliberations of common citizens, rather than consigning them to speak only in the desiccated language of checks on a ballot. Sober thinkers from Plato to today, however, have argued that if we want to make good decisions we cannot entrust them to the deliberations of common citizens. Critics argue that deliberative democracy is wildly unworkable in practice. Deliberative Democracy between Theory and Practice cuts across this debate by clarifying the structure of a deliberative democratic system, and goes on to re-evaluate the main empirical challenges to deliberative democracy in light of this new frame. It simultaneously reclaims the wider theory of deliberative democracy and meets the empirical critics squarely on terms that advance, rather than evade, the debate. Doing so has important implications for institutional design, the normative theory of democracy, and priorities for future research and practice"--.
Deliberative democracy between theory and practice
EU - do you hear me? : the role of civil society organisations in the democratisation of the European Union
Do-it-yourself democracy : the rise of the public engagement industry
Challenges of ordinary democracy : a case study in deliberation and dissent
Deliberation, participation and democracy : can the people govern?
Deliberative mini-publics : involving citizens in the democratic process
Deliberation, the media and political talk
Parliamentary communication in EU affairs : connecting with the electorate?
Understanding the Demand for Global Citizen Deliberation on Biodiversity Policy / Mikko Rask and Richard Worthington -- WWViews on Biodiversity : New Methodological Developments and Ambitions / Bjørn Bedsted, Søren Gram, Marie Louise Jørgensen and Lars Klüver -- The Variegated Landscape of Biodiversity Policy / Richard Worthington and Rose Egelhoff -- Preserving Biodiversity in the European Union / Sylvain Gallais -- Biodiversity and Sustainability in Nepal : A Role for Deliberation? / Jailab Rai, Rahul Karki and Richard Worthington -- Constructing the "Citizen" in Global Deliberations / Louise Phillips, Birgit Jaeger, Erling Jelsøe and Annika Agger -- The Role of Gender in Global Citizen Deliberation / Rüdiger Goldschmidt, David Tomblin and Mikko Rask -- A Mutual Learning Approach to WWViews / Katrin Vohland, Martin Knapp, Eva Patzschke, Malte Timpte, Rene Zimmer -- Bridging Global-Local Knowledge Gaps in Public Deliberation / Naoyuki MIKAMI and Ekou Yagi -- Media Strategy and Networks at the Margins of Biodiversity Governance / Henry Geddes and Su Young Choi -- Amplifying Deliberative Results to Access Policy Networks : The Role of Informal Science Education Institutions / Gretchen Gano and David Sittenfeld -- "Mini-publics" : Competence and Reliable Decisions / James Wong -- Standardizing Heterogeneity : Negotiating Designs for Transnational Citizen Engagement / Nina Amelung -- The Circulation of Ideas : A Discursive Deliberative Knowledge System for biodiversity policy / Vanessa Liston -- Global Citizen Deliberation : A Long Shot toward Sustainable Biodiversity Policy? / Richard Worthington and Mikko Rask.
"In The Civic Engagement Industry, sociologist Caroline W. Lee examines how participatory innovations have reshaped American civic life over the past two decades. Lee looks at the public engagement industry that emerged to serve government, corporate, and nonprofit clients seeking to gain a handle on the increasingly noisy demands of their constituents and stakeholders. The beneficiaries of new forms of democratic empowerment are not only humble citizens, but also the engagement experts who host the forums. Does it matter if the folks deepening democracy are making money at it? How do they make sense of the contradictions inherent in their roles? In investigating public engagement practitioners' everyday anxieties and larger worldviews, we see reflected the strange meaning of power in contemporary institutions. New technologies and deliberative practices have democratized the ways in which organizations operate, but Lee argues that they have also been marketed and sold as tools to facilitate cost-cutting, profitability, and other management goals - and that public deliberation has burdened everyday people with new responsibilities without delivering on its promises of empowerment"--
"Deliberative democracy is now an influential approach to the study of democracy and political behaviour. Its key proposition is that, in politics, it is not only power that counts, but good discussions and arguments too. This book examines the interplay between the normative and empirical aspects of the deliberative model of democracy. Jürg Steiner presents the main normative controversies in the literature on deliberation, including self-interest, civility and truthfulness. He then summarizes the empirical literature on deliberation and proposes methods by which the level of deliberation can be measured rather than just assumed. Steiner's empirical research is based in the work of various research groups, including experiments with ordinary citizens in the deeply divided societies of Colombia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Belgium, as well as Finland and the European Union. Steiner draws normative implications from a combination of both normative controversies and empirical findings"--Provided by publisher.
Building a deliberative democracy : an evaluation of two citizens' juries
Deliberative systems : deliberative democracy at the large scale
The jury and democracy : how jury deliberation promotes civic engagement and political participation
Field notes on deliberative democracy : power and recognition in participatory budgeting
Deliberative democracy : issues and cases
Slow democracy : rediscovering community, bringing decision making back home
Collective wisdom : principles and mechanisms
The open-source everything manifesto : transparency, truth, and trust
"A provocative look at the promise and frustrating reality of participation and deliberation in America today Citizen participation has undergone a radical shift since anxieties about "bowling alone" seized the nation in the 1990s. Many pundits and observers have cheered America's twenty-first century civic renaissance-an explosion of participatory innovations in public life. Invitations to "have your say!" and "join the discussion!" have proliferated. But has the widespread enthusiasm for maximizing citizen democracy led to real change? In The Civic Engagement Industry, sociologist Caroline W. Lee examines how participatory innovations have reshaped American civic life over the past two decades. Lee looks at the public engagement industry that emerged to serve government, corporate, and nonprofit clients seeking to gain a handle on the increasingly noisy demands of their constituents and stakeholders. The beneficiaries of new forms of democratic empowerment are not only humble citizens, but also the engagement experts who host the forums. Does it matter if the folks deepening democracy are making money at it? How do they make sense of the contradictions inherent in their roles? In investigating public engagement practitioners' everyday anxieties and larger worldviews, we see reflected the strange meaning of power in contemporary institutions. New technologies and deliberative practices have democratized the ways in which organizations operate, but Lee argues that they have also been marketed and sold as tools to facilitate cost-cutting, profitability, and other management goals - and that public deliberation has burdened everyday people with new responsibilities without delivering on its promises of empowerment"--
