http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2613 spices
spices
Spices, condiments, and seasonings
The Mustard book
Cooking with wine
The food of India : Authentic recipes from the spicy subcontinent
McIlhenny ́s gold : how a Louisiana family built the Tabasco empire
The complete chile pepper book : a gardener's guide to choosing, growing, preserving and cooking
Salsas, relishes and dips
The contemporary encyclopedia of herbs & spices : seasonings for the global kitchen
A fresh herb platter
Wild herb : cookbook
Making artisan chocolates : flavor-infused chocolates, truffles, and confections
Spicing up the palate : studies of flavourings - ancient and modern
Herbs for health and cookery
Specialty food (SF) is a rapidly growing market sector, with an annual growth rate of 8-10%. SF products accounted for 13.1% of all retail food sales in 2010, reaching $55.9 billion in sales. One hundred thirty-eight million American consumers (46%) are purchasing specialty foods. Although specialty food products are marketed widely, by now there is no standard definition on specialty foods. Consumers, even processors and regulators, are confused by the term specialty foods. Specialty foods are generally considered unique and high-value food items made in small quantities from high-quality ingredients that offer distinct features to targeted customers who pay a premium price for perceived benefits. Increased production and sale of SF has increased concerns on product quality and safety due to several potential hazards. Many questions in respect to how specialty foods are different from other food sectors, specific processing technologies, controls on quality and microbial safety, etc., remain unanswered. With extensive searching, the only two published books on the subject of specialty foods focus on business development and marketing of specialty foods. There is no technical book on specialty foods from the food science discipline available. This book will be the first technical book on specialty foods. It will first discuss the unique characteristics of specialty food, the market, and consumer demands and trends, and then focus on each of the major specialty food segments by covering the key processing technologies, equipment needed, and controls on quality and food safety of the products"--Preface.
Early modern Goa : Indian trade, transcultural medicine, and the Inquisition
The food substitutions bible : more than 6,500 substitutions for ingredients, equipment & techniques
Spice : layers of flavour
Art of Indian cuisine
Spice yourself slim : harness the power of super spices for well-being and weight-loss
Methods for calculating the intake of flavourings
Spicy food, a collection of uncommon recipes, from the mildly tangy to the frankly fiery, from every corner of the world
The International Food & Wine Society's guide to herbs, spices and flavourings
The spice routes
Compendium of food additive specifications. Addendum 13
Flavours of the world
A handfull of herbs
Dangerous tastes : the story of spices
Spicestory
The little curry cookbook
Food in history
The spice bible : essential information and more than 250 recipes using spices, spice mixes, and spice pastes
Proceedings of the IHC Seminar - A New Look At Medicinal And Aromatic Plants : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Quantity food production, planning and management
Star of India : the spicy adventures of curry
Bioactivity of basil
Home herbal : cultivating herbs for your health, home and wellbeing
Food flavorings : composition, manufacture, and use
Food. Volume 2, material aspects of food
Ten famous recipes : from the 100 year history of Tabasco
Specialty foods : processing technology, quality, and safety
Minor spices and condiments : crop management and post-harvest technology
Culinary herbs
The poetics of spice : romantic consumerism and the exotic
The spice route : a history
Cooking for flavour with spices and herbs
The spice merchant's wife
An herb and spice cook book
1400 spice plants with their usage, parts used, scientific and common names in many languages and geographical distribution arranged in A-Z format, together with an extensive list of relevant specialist literature.
Herbs, spices, and medicinal plants. Vol. 4
Cpe-positive Clostridium perfringens -strains in spices
International Conference on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants Possibilities and Limitations of Medicinal and Aromatic Plant Production in the 21st Century : Budapest, Hungary, 8-11 July, 2001
50 Great Curries of India
Edible DIY : simple, giftable recipes to savor and share
Quests for spices and new worlds
Wholefoods : a cook's kitchen handbook
Utilization of tropical foods: sugars, spices and stimulants
Between east and west : the Moluccas and the traffic in spices up to the arrival of Europeans
Spices : their morphology, histology and chemistry
Spice allergy : investigations on the prevalence of positive skin test reactions and the appearance of clinical symptoms
125 years of enjoyable moments
How to make good curries
Pure ketchup : a history of America's national condiment, with recipes
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Hot, hotter, hottest : 50 fiery recipes from around the world
The world's best spicy food : where to find it & how to make it
Art of preserving
The story of spices
Hot & Spicy Cooking : step-by-step : exciting dishes for creative cuisine
Infrared drying of herbs
Developments in food flavours
The book of spices
Spices : Volume I : The story of spices : The spices described
Spices : flavor chemistry and antioxidant properties
Herbs : the cook's guide to flavourful and aromatic ingredients
Spices : Volume II : morphology - histology - chemistry
Pleasures of herbs
Microbial ecology of food commodities
Charred & scruffed : bold new techniques for explosive flavor on and off the grill
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Le Cordon Bleu kitchen essentials : the complete ilustrated reference to the ingredients. equipment, terms and techniques used by Le Cordon Bleu
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
The complete book of spices
The hundred-foot journey
The Indian kitchen
Curry lover's cookbook : delicious spicy and aromatic Indian dishes
The spice cookbook
Spice : the history of a temptation
Irradiation of dry food ingredients
Meccan trade and the rise of Islam
World of herbs : recipes, remedies and decorative ideas
The spice companion : the essential guide to using spices in the kitchen and home
Handbook of Herbs and Spices. Volume 2
Composition and content of aroma compounds in the dill herb, Anethum graveolens L., affected by different factors
Indonesian commodities for the rice-table
Curry : easy recipes for all your favourites
Food fermentation
Red hot chilli grower : the complete guide to planting, picking and preserving chillies
Sugar & spice
Proceedings of the International Conference on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants [Possibilities and Limitations of Medicinal and Aromatic Plant Production in the 21st Century] : Budapest, Hungary, 8-11 July, 2001.. Part 2
Spices in the Indian Ocean world
World spice plants
Complete guide to Indian cooking and entertaining : from mom with love..
Spices and condiments : sampling
The scents of Eden : a narrative of the spice trade
Tastes of paradise : a social history of spices, stimulants, and intoxicants
Characterization of Campylobacter jejuni strains from different hosts and modelling the survival of C. jejuni in chicken meat and in water
Basil : the genus Ocimum
Bitter : a taste of the world's most dangerous flavor, with recipes
Eating India : exploring the food and culture of the land of spices
Healing spices : 50 wonderful spices and how to use them in health-giving foods and drinks
The Spice Islands cook book
Flavor chemistry and technology
The spices of life
Major spices of India : crop management and post-harvest technology
The chemistry of food
A book of aromatics
The ancient city of Berenike, located approximately 500 miles south of today's Suez Canal, was a significant port among these conduits. This title uncovers the role the city played in the regional, local, and 'global' economies during the eight centuries of its existence.
Berenike and the ancient maritime spice route
Skin prick tests and in vitro immunoassays with native spices and spice extracts
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
Tropical herbs & spices
