http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26182 bohemians
bohemians
The friendly young ladies
Desolation angels
Tropic of Cancer
Matkalla : On the road
In the fold
Matkalla = On the road
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
Thorn Jack : a night and nothing novel
Missing reels : a novel
Moulin Rouge
Funny Once : stories
Bohemians : a graphic history
The silver age : black and white photographs from Andy Warhol's Factory
The jazz age in France / Charles A. Riley II
Fun with Buddy + Lisa : [a Hate collection]
Chase Insteadman, a handsome, inoffensive fixture on Manhattan's social scene, lives off residuals earned as a child star. Capitalizing on the rapturous and heartbreaking love letters he receives from his teenage sweetheart and fiancee, he lives a life of cloistered ease, that is until a pop critic with a conspiratorial countercultural savvy and a voracious paranoia force him to confront the answers to several mysteries tightly intertwined within the tragic fabric of the city itself.
The poison tree
Off the map
Midnight in Paris
Tropic of cancer
A New York love affair
Flight of the conchords. Ensimmäinen tuotantokausi
The theoretical foot
Filth and wisdom
The Paris wife
Flight of the Conchords. Toinen tuotantokausi
Chronic city : a novel
Rent : filmed live on Broadway
The Scandinavian artists' colony in France / Salme Sarajas-Korte
Flight of the conchords. Toinen tuotantokausi
" Fact and fantasy collide in this visionary, literary “feast” starring historical Norwegian poet and dramatist Dagny Juel (1867-1901), a beautiful woman whose life found her falling victim to one deranged male fantasy after another. An inspiration to such celebrities as Edward Munch, August Strindberg, and Gustav Vigeland, the “Queen” of Berlin bohemia in the 1890s, she met her death at the hands of her lover in a Tbilisi hotel room in 1901. Here, her story becomes a phantasmagorical mixture of religious mysticism and eroticism, bound up with the mythic origins of civilization, and taking in everything from shamanic art to Bach's Art of the Fugue, from gnosticism to modernism, from magic to linguistics. Also present at this feast are Joseph Stalin, his terrorist friend Camo, the guru and composer George Gurdjieff, the Georgian poet Vazha Pshavela, August Strindberg, and Gornahor, a raven-like creature from the planet Saturn. " -- (Dalkey Archive Press)
Dagny, or, a love feast
An American type : a novel
Acid Christ : Ken Kesey, and the politics of ecstasy
The Paris wife : a novel
International bohemia : scenes of nineteenth-century life
A couch in New York
Bohemia in America, 1858-1920
"Bohemia in America" explores the construction and emergence of 'Bohemia' in American literature and culture. Simultaneously a literary trope, a cultural nexus, and a socio-economic landscape, la vie boheme traveled to the United States from the Parisian Latin Quarter in the 1850s. At first the province of small artistic coteries, Bohemia soon inspired a popular vogue, embodied in restaurants, clubs, neighborhoods, novels, poems, and dramatic performances across the country. Levin's study follows la vie boheme from its earliest expressions in the U.S. until its explosion in Greenwich Village in the 1920s. Although Bohemia was everywhere in nineteenth- and twentieth-century American culture, it has received relatively little scholarly attention. Author Joanna Levin fills this critical void, discovering and exploring the many textual and geographic spaces in which Bohemia was conjured. This book not only provides access to a neglected cultural phenomenon but also to a new and compelling way of charting the development of American literature and culture.
The idler : 20th anniversary special. No 46, Free spirits : interviews 1993-2013
Bohemia : the protoculture then and now
Buddy does Seattle
Bohemians : the glamous outcasts
Bohemian Paris : culture, politics, and the boundaries of bourgeois life, 1830 - 1930 / Jerrold Seigel
The prince's boy
Whatever works
