http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2615 robotics
robotics
Proceedings
The coming robot revolution : expectations and fears about emerging intelligent, humanlike machines
Hardware and software architecture for rapid and safety use of robot systems
Design and Implementation of Autonomous Stair Climbing with Nao Humanoid Robot
The basics of robotics
Automation for robotics
Love and sex with robots : the evolution of human-robot relationships
Robotics is a key technology in the modern world. Yet, despite these successes, robots have failed to live up to the predictions of the 1950s and 60s. In this Very Short Introduction, Alan Winfield considers how robotics can be both a success story and a disappointment, and how robots can be both ordinary and quite remarkable--
Welcome to Finland. 1997 : 36th ed
Robot builder's sourcebook
Machine Design and Vision Based Navigation
High-level job planning for automated earthmoving
Behavior Design of Nao Robot Playing Blackjack
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
Robotic microassembly
The big book of maker skills : tools & techniques for building great tech projects
Developments of drawing capability for Nao humanoid robot
Robotics : discover the science and technology of the future with 20 projects
Robot development using Microsoft Robotics Developer Studio
A concise overview of machine learning - computer programs that learn from data - which underlies applications that include recommendation systems, face-recognition, and driverless cars.
Robotics : introduction, programming, and projects
Illustrated dictionary of robotics : English-German-French-Russian
Telerobotics
Microrobotic platform with integrated force sensing microgrippers for characterization of fibrous materials : case study on individual paper fibers
Robotics : basic analysis and design
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of a jobless future
Robot world
Kuopio : city of majestic visions
Handbook of industrial robotics
A note on decidability questions on presentations of word semigroups
The industries of the future
Semantic labeling of places with mobile robots
Layered learning in multiagent systems : a winning approach to robotic soccer
Simulation based development of production cells
Robots
Robotics
Advanced topics in microsystem technology : microrobotics and its applications in biology
Advances in robot kinematics : motion in man and machine
Development of  robot cell for interactive catapult
Implementation of a digital PID controller for Botnia RoboCup team
Cluster computing for robotics and computer vision
Field and service robotics : results of the 5th international conference
Measurement requirements and advanced techniques for construction robotization
Robot invasion : 7 cool and easy robot projects
Robots in dangerous places
Flying insects and robots
Service robotics and mechatronics : selected papers of the International Conference on Machine Automation ICMA 2008
Artificial Intelligence : 23 projects to bring your mictocontroller to life!
FSR2001 proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Field and Service Robotics : June 11-13, 2001 Finland
Statics and kinematics with applications to robotics
Self-reconfigurable robots : an introduction
Model-Based Design of Brushless DC Motor Control and Motion Control Modelling for RoboCup SSL Robots
Essentials of mechatronics
Architectural robotics : ecosystems of bits, bytes, and biology
Advanced robotics : redundancy and optimization
Safety device upgrade for robotic cells : Machine safety
Introduction to robotics : mechanics and control
Intelligence through interactions : underwater robot society for distributed operations in closed aquatic environment
"Mobile Robotics offers comprehensive coverage of the essentials of the field suitable for both students and practitioners. Adapted from Alonzo Kelly's graduate and undergraduate courses, the content of the book reflects current approaches to developing effective mobile robots. Professor Kelly adapts principles and techniques from the fields of mathematics, physics and numerical methods to present a consistent framework in a notation that facilitates learning and highlights relationships between topics. This text was developed specifically to be accessible to senior level undergraduates in engineering and computer science, and includes supporting exercises to reinforce the lessons of each section. Practitioners will value Kelly's perspectives on practical applications of these principles. Complex subjects are reduced to implementable algorithms extracted from real systems wherever possible, to enhance the real-world relevance of the text"--
Using robot to serve the NC lathe
Estimating movements of a robotic manipulator by hybrid constructive neural networks
Machine learning : the new AI
Robotics sourcebook
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Towards energy-efficient limit-cycle walking in biped service robots : design analysis, modeling and experimental study of biped robot actuated by linear motors
Design of water cooling system for 6-axis welding robot drives
MIDI Interpreter Software
Robot Motion and Control 2009
Development of Strategy for Multi-Robot Control In Confrontational Environments
Dictionary of robotics
Trajectory planning for automatic machines and robots
Robot programming by demonstration ; a probabilistic approach
Make a mind-controlled Arduino robot : use your brain as a remote
Make : JavaScript robotics
Robotics : [AMS short course lecture notes]
Modeling and control of robot manipulators
Structural synthesis of parallel robots. Part 2 : Translational topologies with two and three degrees of freedom
Minds and machines
RoboCup 2000 : Robot soccer world cup IV
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Collaborative robotics : human-robot collaboration in heavy manufacturing tasks
Generation and optimization of motor behaviors in real and simulated robots
Scandinavian symposium of robotics 1999 : October 14-15
Programming robots with ROS
Adaptive probabilistic roadmap construction with multi-heuristic local planning
Parallel robotic machine tools
Sequential decision making under uncertainty for sensor management in mobile robotics
Robots in space
Robot building for beginners
An interactive method for robot control and its application to deburring
Introduction to robotics
Robotic welding, intelligence and automation
Robotic engineering : an integrated approach
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Flexible robotics : applications to multiscale manipulations
In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation? -
Cracking the code: understand and profit from the biotech revolution that will transform our lives and generate fortunes
Firmware design of Botnia robocup team
Mobile robots : inspiration to implementation
Designing and implementing a robot gripper using additive manufacturing
Human Centered Robot Systems : cognition, interaction, technology
Intermediate robot building
Visual control of robots : high-performance visual servoing
Constructing robot bases
Atomic swarm
Robotics : a user-friendly introduction
Autonomous packaging robot
Vision-based global path planning and trajectory generation for robotic applications in hazardous environments
Robotics in the real world
An open architecture control for robotic assembly cell
Design and implementation of an omni-directional mobile robot
Just ordinary robots
Automatic PID Tuning Based on Genetic Algorithm for Botnia Soccer Robots
Model Based Engineering : Robot Car
Modeling of motion control system for the soccer robot
Abstract.
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices:a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Robot applications design manual
Development of a Vision System and  Basic Drawing with NAO Robot
Handbook of collective robotics : fundamentals and challenges
Robust high precision color-based robot vision system
Robots on the move
Robots and robotic devices : Collaborative robots
Computer vision for robotic systems : an introduction
Robocup 2002 : robot soccer world cup 6
MIDI interpreter software
Lego Mindstorms NXT power programming : [robotics in C]
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices : a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Control of robot manipulators in joint space
Robotics and AI: an introduction to applied machine intelligence
Buid your own robot
Robot sensors and transducers
Compositions over a finite domain : from completeness to synchronizable automata
Nothing can possibly go wrong
"Want to develop novel robot applications, but don't know how to write a mapping or object-recognition system? You're not alone, but you're certainly not without help. By combining real-world examples with valuable knowledge from the Robot Operating System (ROS) community, this practical book provides a set of motivating recipes for solving specific robotics use cases. Ideal for enthusiasts, from students in robotics clubs to professional robotics scientists and engineers, each recipe describes a complete solution using ROS open source libraries and tools. You'll learn how to complete tasks described in the recipes, as well as how to configure and recombine components for other tasks. If you're familiar with Python, you're ready to go."--Back cover.
"The Cambridge Handbooks on Construction Robotics series focuses on the implementation of automation and robot technology to renew the construction industry and to arrest its declining productivity. The series is intended to give professionals, researchers, lecturers, and students basic conceptual and technical skills and implementation strategies to manage, research, or teach the implementation of advanced automation and robot-technology-based processes and technologies in construction. Currently, the implementation of modern developments in product structures (modularity and design for manufacturing), organizational strategies (just in time, just in sequence, and pulling production), and informational aspects (computer-aided design/manufacturing or computer-integrated manufacturing) are lagging because of the lack of modern integrated machine technology in construction. The Cambridge Handbooks on Construction Robotics books discuss progress in robot systems theory and demonstrate their integration using real systematic applications and projections for off-site as well as on-site building production"--
Improving BOTNIA2009 robosoccer strategy
Robot builder's bonanza
Force based motion control of a walking machine
Automated Manufacturing Systems : actuators, controls, sensors, and robotics
Geometric methods in robotics and mechanism research : theory and applications
Line following robot
Intrinsic robot safety through reversibility of actions
Wearable robots : biomechatronic exoskeletons
"The new field of machine ethics is concerned with giving machines ethical principles, or a procedure for discovering a way to resolve the ethical dilemmas they might encounter, enabling them to function in an ethically responsible manner through their own ethical decision making. Developing ethics for machines, in contrast to developing ethics for human beings who use machines, is by its nature an interdisciplinary endeavor. The essays in this volume represent the first steps by philosophers and artificial intelligence researchers toward explaining why it is necessary to add an ethical dimension to machines that function autonomously, what is required in order to add this dimension, philosophical and practical challenges to the machine ethics project, various approaches that could be considered in attempting to add an ethical dimension to machines, work that has been done to date in implementing these approaches, and visions of the future of machine ethics research"--
Machine ethics
Behaviour Design of NAO Humanoid Robot Playing Tic Tac Toe Game
Behavior Design of Nao Humanoid Robot: a Case of Picking up the Ball and Throwing into the Box
Computational kinematics : proceedings of the 6th International Workshop on Computational Kinematics (CK2013)
Improving probabilistic roadmap methods for fast motion planning
Robot builder's cookbook : build and design your own robots
Remote control for ubiquitous robotics using wireless positioning technigues
Sensor devices and systems for robotics
Mobile robotics : mathematics, models, and methods
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Robotics : a reference guide to the new technology
Planning algorithms are impacting technical disciplines and industries around the world, including robotics, computer-aided design, manufacturing, computer graphics, aerospace applications, drug design, and protein folding. This coherent and comprehensive book unifies material from several sources, including robotics, control theory, artificial intelligence, and algorithms. The treatment is centered on robot motion planning, but integrates material on planning in discrete spaces. A major part of the book is devoted to planning under uncertainty, including decision theory, Markov decision processes, and information spaces, which are the 'configuration spaces' of all sensor-based planning problems. The last part of the book delves into planning under differential constraints that arise when automating the motions of virtually any mechanical system. This text and reference is intended for students, engineers, and researchers in robotics, artificial intelligence, and control theory as well as computer graphics, algorithms, and computational biology.
Robotics : science and systems VI
The singularity is near : when humans transcend biology
Controlling a Robotic Arm manipulator with a PLC
Robotics : a very short introduction
Artificial intelligence : the basics
Mind children : the future of robot and human intelligence
Integrated visual servoing and force control : the task frame approach
Robot-oriented design : design and management tools for the deployment of automation and robotics in construction
The accepting power of finite automata over groups
Planning algorithms
Development of strategy software and algorithm simulators for multi-agent system in dynamic environments
"Take a look into the fascinating world of robotics, why it is an intriguing STEM career, and the amazing work scientists in this field have accomplished throughout the years"-- Publisher's website.
Symbiotic multi-robot organisms : reliability, adaptability, evolution
Make way for the superhumans : how the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Service design in social robotics: Involving elderly care professionals into co-creation
Charlie is the laid-back captain of the basketball team. Nate is the neurotic, scheming president of the robotics club. Their unlikely friendship nearly bites the dust when Nate declares war on the cheerleaders and they retaliate by making Charlie their figurehead in the ugliest class election campaign the school has ever seen. At stake is funding that will either cover a robotics competition or new cheerleading uniforms-- but not both. Bad sportsmanship? Sure. Chainsaws? Why not. Running away from home on Thanksgiving? Nothing can possibly go wrong / Libris.
