http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2614 mathematicians
mathematicians
The case of the man who died laughing : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
The world as a mathematical game : John von Neumann and twentieth century science
The world of mathematics : a small library of the literature of mathematics from A'h-mosé the Scribe to Albert Einstein. Volume 4
Mystic, geometer, and intuitionist : the life of L.E.J. Brouwer. Vol. 2, Hope and disillusion
The mathematician Sophus Lie : it was the audicity of my thinking
Newton
In the spring of 1539, Georg Joachim Rheticus, a twenty-five-year-old mathematics prodigy from Wittenberg, set off on an arduous three-week journey to northern Poland in order to meet the elderly but not-yet-famous amateur astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus. While Copernicus had yet to publish anything on the topic of a new cosmology, rumors had abounded for years about his revolutionary theory (some would call it heretical) that the sun, not the earth, was at the center of the universe, and about a manuscript he had almost completed on the subject." "Intending to stay a month, Rheticus spent three years at Copernicus's side, during which time he sought means - both great and small - of heralding his teacher's radiant vision of beauty: a cosmology that moved the earth and immobilized the sun. By the early autumn of 1541, the aging astronomer had completed his manuscript, De revolutionibus, and Rheticus persuaded his mentor to let him take it to a printer in Germany for publication. Though no one could have known it at the time, this action changed the course of civilization. Without the intervention of the young mathematician, Copernicus's seminal work would likely have sunk into oblivion; instead, it ushered in a new understanding of the physical universe, and today is acclaimed as a landmark of scientific and cultural history." "The First Copernican is the first popular account of the life of Georg Joachim Rheticus - Copernican muse, founder of modern trigonometry, and champion of new science at the threshold of the modern world. Dennis Dantelson's biography provides a prism through which the dawn of the Copernican Revolution shines in fresh and illuminating ways, revealing the intense curiosity and singular community from which science itself took flight.
Mathematical thought from ancient to modern times. Vol. 3
Mistress of science : the story of the remarkable Janet Taylor, pioneer of sea navigation
At the dawn of the seventeenth century, the Sun revolved around the Earth according to God's plan and as set down in the Bible. Yet some men knew that the Heavens did not move as they should and began to believe exactly the opposite--a heresy punishable by being burned alive / WorldCat.
In the fog of a Paris dawn in 1832, Évariste Galois, the 20-year-old founder of modern algebra, was shot and killed in a duel. That gunshot, suggests Amir Alexander, marked the end of one era in mathematics and the beginning of another. Arguing that not even the purest mathematics can be separated from its cultural background, Alexander shows how popular stories about mathematicians are really morality tales about their craft as it relates to the world. In the eighteenth century, Alexander says, mathematicians were idealized as child-like, eternally curious, and uniquely suited to reveal the hidden harmonies of the world. But in the nineteenth century, brilliant mathematicians like Galois became Romantic heroes like poets, artists, and musicians. The ideal mathematician was now an alienated loner, driven to despondency by an uncomprehending world. A field that had been focused on the natural world now sought to create its own reality. Higher mathematics became a world unto itself—pure and governed solely by the laws of reason. In this strikingly original book that takes us from Paris to St. Petersburg, Norway to Transylvania, Alexander introduces us to national heroes and outcasts, innocents, swindlers, and martyrs–all uncommonly gifted creators of modern mathematics.
Finnish directory of mathematicians 1993 : directory of mathematicians at Finnish universities and members of the Finnish Mathematical Society
Change is possible : stories of women and minorities in mathematics
Frank Ramsey (1903-1930) : a sister's memoir
Alexandre Grothendieck : a mathematical portrait
Bernhard Riemann 1826-1866 : turning points in the conception of mathematics
Scientists, mathematicians, and inventors : lives and legacies : an encyclopedia of people who changed the world
Emmy Noether : the mother of modern algebra
The math book : from Pythagoras to the 57th dimension, 250 milestones in the history of mathematics
Isaac Newton 1642-1727
The world of mathematics : a small library of the literature of mathematics from A'h-mosé the Scribe to Albert Einstein
The man who loved only numbers : the story of Paul Erdos and the search for mathematical truth
The great Archimedes
Emmy Noether : 1882-1935
The coincidence engine
The man who loved only numbers : the story of Paul Erdös and the search for mathematical truth
Focusing methodologically on those historical aspects that are relevant to supporting intuition in axiomatic approaches to geometry, the book develops systematic and modern approaches to the three core aspects of axiomatic geometry: Euclidean, non-Euclidean and projective. Historically, axiomatic geometry marks the origin of formalized mathematical activity. It is in this discipline that most historically famous problems can be found, the solutions of which have led to various presently very active domains of research, especially in algebra. The recognition of the coherence of two-by-two contradictory axiomatic systems for geometry (like one single parallel, no parallel at all, several parallels) has led to the emergence of mathematical theories based on an arbitrary system of axioms, an essential feature of contemporary mathematics. This is a fascinating book for all those who teach or study axiomatic geometry, and who are interested in the history of geometry or who want to see a complete proof of one of the famous problems encountered, but not solved, during their studies: circle squaring, duplication of the cube, trisection of the angle, construction of regular polygons, construction of models of non-Euclidean geometries, etc. It also provides hundreds of figures that support intuition. Through 35 centuries of the history of geometry, discover the birth and follow the evolution of those innovative ideas that allowed humankind to develop so many aspects of contemporary mathematics. Understand the various levels of rigor which successively established themselves through the centuries. Be amazed, as mathematicians of the 19th century were, when observing that both an axiom and its contradiction can be chosen as a valid basis for developing a mathematical theory. Pass through the door of this incredible world of axiomatic mathematical theories!
Numb3rs. 5, The fifth season
Bestselling author and physicist Hawking explores the "masterpieces" of mathematics, 25 landmarks spanning 2,500 years and representing the work of 15 mathematicians, including Augustin Cauchy, Bernard Riemann, and Alan Turing.
The mathematical career of Pierre de Fermat, 1601-1665
Turing : pioneer of the information age
I am a mathematician : the later life of a prodigy
Passages from the life of a philosopher
This collective volume in the history of early-modern science and medicine investigates the transfer of knowledge between Germany and Scotland focusing on the Scottish mathematician and physician Duncan Liddel of Aberdeen. It offers a contextualized study of his life and work in the cultural and institutional frame of the northern European Renaissance, as well as a reconstruction of his scholarly networks and of the scientific debates in the time of post-Copernican astronomy, Melanchthonian humanism and Paracelsian controversies.
Creators of mathematical and computational sciences
Driven to innovate : a century of Jewish mathematicians and physicists
He is a brilliant math professor, with a peculiar problem--since a traumatic head injury, he has lived with only 80 minutes of short-term memory. She is an astute young housekeeper with a 10-year-old son who is hired to care for the professor. Between them, a strange, beautiful relationship blossoms.
Proceedings of the Sixth Congress of Romanian Mathematicians : Bucharest, 2007.. Vol. 1, Scientific contributions
Archimedes and the Roman imagination
Turing's vision : the birth of computer science
Gödel : a life of logic
Essays on early medieval mathematics : the Latin tradition
The Magic of M. C. Escher
Numb3rs. The final season
The lion's slave
Carl Friedrich Gauss : a bibliography
From specialists' patron to everyman's theologian : Christian Wolff's contacts with Swedish mathematicians
Mathematics in historical context
A beautiful mind : a biography of John Forbes Nash, Jr., winner of the Nobel prize in economics, 1994
Alan Turing : life and legacy of a great thinker
Tasked with investigating the suicide of a local recluse, Alan Turing, Det Sgt Corell is torn between admiration for the dead man's genius and disgust for his sexuality. A succession of remarkable discoveries drives Corell to examine his own prejudice, then he is rocked by two startling developments.
The sensorium of God
Northward bound : a young American mathematician in Finland
Pythagoras and the Early Pythagoreans
A history of algebra : from al-Khwārizmī to Emmy Noether
Notable mathematicians : from ancient times to the present
Duel at dawn : heroes, martyrs, and the rise of modern mathematics
Alan Turing : the enigma : the book that inspired the film The imitation game
Gösta Mittag-Leffler : a man of conviction
Cryptonomicon
A short account of the history of mathematics
The man who knew too much : Alan Turing and the invention of the computer
King of infinite space : Donald Coxeter, the man who saved geometry
Numb3rs. The fifth season
Numb3rs. 6, The final season
Cardano : the gambling scholar
Thomas Harriot : an Elizabethan man of science
A biography of a brilliant mathematician and philosopher who belonged to the Cambridge of Moore, Russell and Wittgenstein. Ramsey was the innovator of a new subject of economic philosophy challenging Keynes on probability and contributing to taxation theory.
Logic's lost genius : the life of Gerhard Gentzen
Mathematical thought from ancient to modern times. Vol. 1
The age of genius : the seventeenth century and the birth of the modern mind
The education of a mathematician
Mathematical thought from ancient to modern times. Vol. 2
The proof is in the pudding : the changing nature of mathematical proof
Mathematical people : profiles and interviews
The housekeeper and the professor
Martin Gardner in the twenty-first century
Classics in the history of Greek Mathematics
The first Copernican : Georg Joachim Rheticus and the rise of the Copernican Revolution
Mathematicians fleeing from Nazi Germany : individual fates and global impact
Joannes della Faille s.j : mathematics, modesty and missed opportunities
Numb3rs. 4, The fourth season
Neyman - from life
The sky's dark labyrinth
Ramanujan : twelve lectures on subjects suggested by his life and work
The life and legacy of G. I. Taylor
The hermetic millennia
World directory of mathematicians 1998.
Numb3rs. The third season
The world of mathematics : a small library of the literature of mathematics from A'h-mosé the Scribe to Albert Einstein. Volume 2
Great scientists
The essential John Nash
Letters to a young mathematician
Mathematics without apologies : portrait of a problematic vocation
Alfred North Whitehead : the man and his work. Vol. 1, 1861-1910
Blockhead : the life of Fibonacci
Logical dilemmas : the life and work of Kurt Gödel
Niels Henrik Abel and his times : called too soon by flames afar
Numb3rs. 3, The third season
An axiomatic approach to geometry : geometric trilogy I
What happened to the European mind between 1605, when an audience watching Macbeth at the Globe might believe that regicide was such an aberration of the natural order that ghosts could burst from the ground, and 1649, when a large crowd, perhaps including some who had seen Macbeth forty-four years earlier, could stand and watch the execution of a king. In this turbulent period, science moved from the alchemy and astrology of John Dee to the painstaking observation and astronomy of Galileo, from the classicism of Aristotle, still favoured by the Church, to the evidence-based, collegiate investigation of Francis Bacon. And if the old ways still lingered and affected the new mind set - Descartes's dualism an attempt to square the new philosophy with religious belief; Newton, the man who understood gravity and the laws of motion, still fascinated to the end of his life by alchemy - by the end of that tumultuous century 'the greatest ever change in the mental outlook of humanity' had irrevocably taken place.
Makers of mathematics
The imitation game : Alan Turing decoded
Notable women in mathematics : a biographical dictionary
All that math : portraits of mathematicians as young readers : celebrating the Centennial of Real Sociedad Matemática Española
The vexing case of Igor Shafarevich, a Russian political thinker
I am a mathematician : the later life of a prodigy : an autobiographical account of the mature years and career of Norbert Wiener and a continuation of the account of his childhood in ex-prodigy
Hidden figures : the American dream and the untold story of the Black women mathematicians who helped win the space race
Alan Turing: computing genius and wartime code breaker
Summary.
Proceedings of the Sixth Congress of Romanian Mathematicians : Bucharest, 2007.. Vol. 2, Plenary Reports
A Eulogy in Honour of Anders Johan Lexell, an 18th Century Finnish Mathematician
Resistance is futile
Duncan Liddel (1561-1613) : networks of polymathy and the Northern European Renaissance
Alexandr A. Chuprov : life, work, correspondence
Complexities : women in mathematics
Logicomix : an epic search for truth
The mathematical career of Pierre de Fermat (1601-1665)
Perfect rigor : a genius and the mathematical breakthrough of the century
100 great problems of elementary mathematics : their history and solution
The 351 books of Irma Arcuri
Is God a mathematician?
'The Sensorium of God' is the second of a trilogy of novels inspired by the dramatic struggles, personal and professional, and key historical events in man's quest to understand the Universe / WorldCat.
Talk sweetly to me
The genius of Euler : reflections on his life and work
Fall of man in Wilmslow
The man of numbers : Fibonacci's arithmetic revolution
To talk of many things : an autobiography
Math goes to the movies
Jacques Hadamard : a universal mathematician
Numb3rs. The fourth season
Simon : the genius in my basement
Hidden figures : the untold story of the African-American women who helped win the Space Race
The man who knew infinity : a life of the genius Ramanujan
John Dee's occultism : magical exaltation through powerful signs
Dark hero of the information age : in search of Norbert Wiener, the father of cybernetics
Endless frontier : Vannevar Bush, engineer of the American Century
Russian mathematicians in the 20th century
Euler and modern science
Ernst Zermelo : an approach to his life and work
Remarkable mathematicians : from Euler to von Neumann
Chauncey Wright
Numb3rs. 2, The second season
Selected works
Numb3rs. The second season
Men of mathematics
God created the integers : the mathematical breakthroughs that changed history
Svenska Aktuarieföreningen 1904 - 2004 = The Swedish Society of Actuaries one hundred years
The Indian clerk
Birth of a theorem : a mathematical adventure
Numb3rs. The first season
Mystic, geometer, and intuitionist : the life of L.E.J. Brouwer. Vol. 1, The dawning revolution
The mathematician's brain
The humans
Great jobs for math majors
Alan Turing : the enigma
A beautiful mind : a biography of John Forbes Nash, Jr
The man who knew infinity
