http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26123 organisational communication and public relations
organisational communication and public relations
Do people give you the information you need to perform well? Does everyone in your organization understand your vision for the future? Do you know what your boss is really thinking? Do you know that CCL research suggests that the ultimate key to successful leadership is an executive's ability to ask questions and create opportunities for others to ask questions? In this thoroughly updated new edition of his business classic Leading with Questions, internationally acclaimed management consultant Michael Marquardt shows how you can learn to ask the powerful questions that will generate short-term results and long-term learning and success. Throughout the book, he demonstrates how effective leaders use questions to encourage participation and teamwork, foster outside-the-box thinking, empower others, build relationships with customers, solve problems, and much more. Based on interviews with successful leaders who "lead with questions," from such organizations as DuPont, Alcoa, Novartis, and Cargill Marquardt reveals how to determine which questions will lead to solutions in today's complicated business world. Step-by-step, he walks you through the process of learning the art of questioning and shows how to use the techniques of active listening and follow-up, presenting guidelines for using questions in myriad situations with individuals, teams, and organizations.
Enhancing informal interaction and knowledge co-construction among forest owners
Synergy and social orientation as quality dimensions for the future communication policy
Visualising collective actions : the process of creating the ArtovaModel
Dyadic relations between the main contractor and its suppliers : a case study to clarify critical factors in Metso Paper Ltd
Cross-cultural work groups
The present state of locally operating businesses' marketing, CASE: Born Local
Testing a methodology to improve organizational learning about crisis communication
Organising capacity - a collective process leading to place branding : coordination, co-operation and engagement
Leveraging social networking services on multipurpose public displays
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Design my privacy : 8 principles for better privacy design
Developing internal communication in a global B2B company : case: Company X
Communication and engagement with science and technology : issues and dilemmas : a reader in science communication
The handbook of intergroup communication
Leading virtual teams : hold people accountable, build trust, encourage collaboration
Towards a more dynamic stakeholder model : Acknowledgning multiple issue arenas
It is a common concern that non-resident private forest owners are less able to make informed decisions regarding their forests. Moreover, the present guidance given by forest professionals is not reaching all owners. In this study, we suggest enhancing knowledge exchange among forest owners by increasing their mutual and informal interaction that could inspire them to co-construct new knowledge. The first objective is to identify present emerging activities that constitute knowledge exchange contexts (communities) for Finnish forest owners. The second objective is to discuss the challenges of current Finnish forest extension and their implications when introducing Communities of Practice as a complementary response to existing, yet insufficient, professional-led extension. Data consist of Finnish forest owners' and forest professionals' (n=43) focus group interviews. The qualitative analysis was theoretically oriented followed by data-driven coding and grouping. According to the results, the role of expert-led encounters is strong in Finland and owners' opportunities for good mutual communication are rare. Informal communities exist mainly in the countryside among neighbouring owners and within families. To enhance knowledge sharing among owners, one needs to identify innovative topics and activities that would inspire owners to commit to their forest property and perform active silviculture. These communities would operate as creative learning environments allowing participation of different levels. When cultivating forest owners' communities it is important to consider actors' roles. Forest owners themselves are responsible for the functions and continuity of these communities, although forest professionals could also initiate new and sufficiently homogenous reference groups for the owners.
Public organizations in the communication society
Becoming a public relations writer : a writing workbook for emerging and established media
Creating authentic organizations : bringing meaning and engagement back to work
Culminatum Ltd Oy: Analysing and developing the marketing campaign and internet portal of the "Development of welfare entrepreneurs’ business knowledge, network communication and networking" project.
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
Strategic communications for nonprofit organizations : seven steps to creating a successful plan
How to speak so people listen : grab their attention and get your message heard
Monitoring the issue arenas of the swine-flu discussion
A deaf adult speaks out
Human rights organizations and online agenda setting
Digital decisions : how digital signage networks generate profit
Effective internal communications is a neglected area in the world of business. This book offers an approach to building engagement, performance and cultural integration in any organization. It looks at the relation between the traditional silos of internal communication, HR and employee engagement.
Basics of organizational writing : a critical reading approach
Post-Purchase Evaluation in the Smartphone Market: An Investigation into Cognitive Dissonance among iPhone and Other Smartphone Brand Owners
This book features 18 essays that explore the ways people communicate in the Arab world, from the Unites Arab Emirates to Qatar, Saudi Arabia to Oman. While there is a concentration of studies from the Gulf Arab states, the collection spans perspectives from Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Egypt, Libya, Tunisia, and Sudan. Written by both Arab authors and foreign scholars who live or have lived in the region, it will help readers to better understand and communicate with Arab culture and society. The book is divided into three main sections that include studies in educational, professional, and societal contexts. Based on ethnographies, case studies, and real life experiences, the essays provide insight into the ways Arabs communicate in different situations, contexts, and settings such as business, education, politics, media, healthcare, and society at large. Drawing on current theory, research, and practice, this book will help readers better understand and, as a result, better engage with the Arab world.
Communities in cyberspace
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Measuring the quality of media relations in an EU institution : developing and testing a measurement model
Improving institutional communication
Setting the agenda for research on issue arenas
Facebook for dummies
Humanitarian soldiers, colonialised others and invisible enemies : visual strategic communication narratives of the Afghan war
Business communication : process & product
Seeing is believing : how the new art of visual management can boost performance throughout your organization
Strategic internal communication : how to build employee engagement and performance
Exploring professional communication : language in action
International image management for a national leader : a case study of chancellor Merkel
The role, the goal and the soul of professional public relations : developing a holistic model of PR professionalism
Individuals' use of e-mail communication genres in open source software community building
Music goes social! : music startups' viewpoints on marketing communications, social media and music industry
Group communication : the essence of synergy
Manager's guide to virtual teams
A Deaf Adult Speaks Out
Value of the Balanced Scorecard for organizational communication in knowledge-intensive firms
Small group and team communication
Stakeholder anger - negative engagement towards organizations online : a literature review
The present thesis analyses which of the established ATs and KPIs could be used to evaluate the digital communication in the corporate intranet of Airbus Group. The exhaustive examination of the HUB intranet shows that there is already some basic data available. Nevertheless this data is not detailed enough and should be released more frequently to the communications experts. A quick poll survey in the intranet showed that for these experts it is essential to receive more details about the engagement of the visitors. Therefor a combination of Pageviews, Shares, Ratings, Comments and Time Spent Reading a News would give a sufficient overview about the usage of the content. Those figures could be supplemented with the Bounce Rate, Crawling Mistakes and Followers in order to gain a deeper understanding of the visiting employees. When coming to the selection of the tool it is reasonable to choose one which is well known by many of the communications experts like Google Analytics and Piwik. It is also recommended to give certain people in the team their own accounts, what gives them the possibility to create their own reports for specific topics.
Improve your BSL! : a practical learning guide to British Sign Language : exercises, tips, examples, ideas - to supplement your course-work
Intercultural communication with Arabs : studies in educational, professional and societal contexts
"How can we use this new social media channel most effectively to drive more revenue, profit, brand and share at highest ROI and least risk?" --The concepts in this book can be applied to any social marketing channel and any combination of traditional and social media. --ROI of Social Media is truly global in nature presenting case studies from around the world including Dell (Europe), Comcast (North America), Guinness Anchor Berhad (Malaysia) and Microsoft Asia Pacific. With this range of case studies, the reader will be able to apply these concepts to their business whether they are based in New York, Shanghai, London or Sydney. --The book presents with an 8-step process to strategize, develop, implement and measure an effective social marketing strategy. -- Book Jacket.
"There are a lot of activities going on but how do you make those known" : the challenge of organizational environmental communication in ICT-company
Conducting online surveys
An intergovernmental organization and its reputation according to politicians : case: the United Nations in Finland
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
Diseases which spread due to lack of sanitation facilities and knowledge on hygiene can in the worst case cause death. The problem occurs worldwide, and it touches mainly the lives of the poorest. Access to sanitation facilities is a significant way to improve people`s well-being. Turku University of Applied Sciences, Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland and Salvation Army of Swaziland have built dry toilets in an urban community in the capital of Swaziland in southern Africa. Dry toilets take control over the bacteria and prevent environmental degradation. In addition, the final compost product from the dry toilets can be utilised to prevent soil erosion, and the separated urine as a fertiliser in gardening. The thesis work aims to support the final phase of the dry sanitation project and a safe exit strategy.  Dry sanitation meets the criteria of an innovation as a new sanitation solution in the community. In addition to the innovation, according to Everett M. Rogers` Diffusion of Innovations Theory other factors influencing the diffusion process are the target community, time and communication channels. The study focused on the unofficial communication about sanitation and dry sanitation in the community. The objective was to study the unofficial structures through communication structures, and their role in the innovation diffusion. Information was gathered through interviewing community members from four different groups; sanitation experts trained by the project, dry toilet caretakers and their neighbors, and traditional leadership. The results showed that communication structures within the sample groups are rather weak, and they are based more on official structures. Despite the common goals community leaders and sanitation experts have little cooperation. Neighbors have very little knowledge about dry sanitation. The strongest communication occurs between sanitation experts and dry toilet caretakers, and in these groups potential for increasing the diffusion process can be seen.
Internal communications : a specially commissioned report
Brand raising : how nonprofits raise visibility and money through smart communications
Creative blogging : your first steps to a succesful blog
Knowledge transfer in higher education : collaboration in the arts and humanities
Leading with questions : how leaders find the right solutions by knowing what to ask
Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners
Communication quality and added value: a measurement instrument for municipalities
Abstract: Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners. Purpose    The main objective was to investigate whether iPhone owners experienced less cognitive post-purchase dissonance than other brand owners and was this due to the marketing communications efforts of Apple Inc., from hereon called Apple. Finally, the influence of Web 2.0 in the process of post-purchase evaluation was examined. Web 2.0 is a version of the Internet and it encourages towards user engagement on websites such as Facebook.    Methodology    A critical review of the literature on cognitive dissonance was carried out and an online questionnaire was sent out to three hundred and five people. Sixty-eight responses were received. Of the respondents, forty-nine had a smartphone, of which twelve had an iPhone and thirty seven had other brand phone. Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were applied, but the emphasis was on quantitative.    Findings    In many instances iPhone owners were more satisfied with their choice than the other brand owners. However, there were no particular indicators of the other brand owners being distinctively more dissonant than iPhone owners. There was no particular difference in the recall rate of traditional marketing communications efforts of Apple between iPhone and the other brand owners, but iPhone owners were significantly more present in Web 2.0 and recalled encountering iPhone more.    Research Limitations/Implications    The survey was carried out in the smartphone market with a small sample so caution needs to be taken when generalising the results. It would be interesting to study all brands as separate groups and compare the level of dissonance between them.    Practical Implications    The main conclusion was that more effort should be put on marketing communications in Web 2.0 when aiming to decrease dissonance.    Originality/Value    As there is little published literature or research on the Web 2.0 and cognitive dissonance in the smartphone market, this study provides valuable insight on smartphone owners' post-purchase evaluation and behaviour online.
To support the employment of a rehabilitee
Communication, relationships and care : a reader
PlanetHero : collaborative system for public good initiatives : exploration of design opportunities and challenges in collaboration of public good sector in Cape Town, SA
The emergent organization : communication as its site and surface
Genre change in the contemporary world : short-term diachronic perspectives
Social media in public diplomacy : survey on the social media communication of the Finnish missions abroad
Alternative media : linking global and local
Using the unused : spaces for Aalto University's creative community
More than words : an introduction to communication
Noticed : designing a university-student communication service
Communication and organizational knowledge : contemporary issues for theory and practice
Steinmeier accepted your friend request : German Social Democrats and their online communication through Facebook during the 2009 parliamentary elections
Towards transparent disclosure : theoretical review
Re-making communication at work
Evaluation of the digital corporate communications at Airbus Group with the help of Key Performance Indicators and Analytics Tools
When strangers meet : how people you don't know can tranform you
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
Gossiping about sanitation : role of communication in innovation diffusion
Developing disaster preparedness education via broadcast media and community involvement
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
