http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26189 cyber security
cyber security
Information technology law
How to measure anything in cybersecurity risk
Counterterrorism and cybersecurity : total information awareness
Information security governance simplified : from the boardroom to the keyboard
Phenomena in the cyber world
Internet security made easy
Intelligence-based security in private industry
CEH v9 : certified ethical hacker version 9 : study guide
CEH: Certified Ethical Hacker Version 9 Practice Tests are the ideal preparation for this high-stakes exam. Five complete, unique practice tests are designed to help you identify weak spots in your understanding, so you can direct your preparation efforts efficiently and gain the confidence -- and skills -- you need to pass. These tests cover all five sections of the exam, allowing you to test your knowledge of Assessment; Security; Tools and Systems; Procedures and Methodology; and Regulation, Policy, and Ethics. Coverage aligns with CEH version 9, including material on cloud, tablet, and mobile phone security and attacks, as well as the latest vulnerabilities including Heartbleed, shellshock, and Poodle. The exams are designed to familiarize CEH candidates with the test format, allowing them to become more comfortable reading a Wireshark .pcap file or viewing visual depictions of network attacks. The ideal companion for the Sybex CEH v9 Study Guide, this book is an invaluable tool for anyone aspiring to this highly-regarded certification.
21st century Chinese cyberwarfare : an examination of the Chinese cyberthreat from fundamentals of Communist policy regarding information warfare through the broad range of military, civilian and commercially supported cyberattack threat vectors
Cyber security policy guidebook
Ethical, legal and professional issues in computing
Social networks as the new frontier of terrorism : #terror
Cyber policy in China
Unmasking the social engineer : the human element of security
Information security in network-centric warfare
Multilevel security in project management
The information systems security officer's guide : establishing and managing a cyber security program
Advanced persistent threats : proactive mitigation solutions for organizations
Policing cyber hate, cyber threats and cyber terrorism
Cyber security culture : counteracting cyber threats through organizational learning and training
The industries of the future
Cybersecurity : what are the legal remedies and options available for companies to protect their IT infrastructure and their customers ̀ data
Cybersecurity and cybercrime in the 21st century
Tapping VoIP : on the susceptibility of VoIP to the "Man in the Middle" -attacks
EU cyber security and the role of ENISA
A Study of IEC 62443
Cybersecurity in the European Union : resilience and adaptability in governance policy
"Today, the Internet has become a source of information that no country or company can forgo. It is not only used to communicate or entertain, but most importantly to operate utilities and public services such as banking or air traffic. As the reliance on computer networks across societies and economies keeps growing, so do security risks in cyberspace - referred to as "cybersecurity." Cybersecurity means protecting information and control systems from those who seek to compromise them. It also involves actors, both malicious or protective, policies and their societal consequences. This collection of essays provides a better understanding of the risks, perceptions, and myths that surround cybersecurity by looking at it from three different levels of analysis: the sovereign state, the infrastructure and stakeholders of the Internet, and the individual. The essays explore such issues as information ownership, censorship, cyberwars, cyberterrorism, privacy, and rebellion, bringing together expert knowledge from computer science and the social sciences with case studies. It reviews existing policies and practices and discusses the threats and benefits of living in an increasingly networked world. This authoritative analysis of one of the most controversial and compelling security debates of the twenty-first century will appeal to scholars and practitioners interested in security, international relations and policymaking"--
Implementation of SIEM solution as part of network defense exercise
Critical infrastructure protection against cyber threats
Cyberattack cybercrime cyberwarfare - cybercomplacency : is Hollywood's blueprint for chaos coming true
Over the last two decades, the Internet and more broadly cyberspace has had a tremendous impact on all parts of society. Governments across the world have started to develop cyber security strategies and to consider cyberspace as an increasingly important international issue. The book, in addition to the cyber threats and technology, processes cyber security from many sides as a social phenomenon and how the implementation of the cyber security strategy is carried out. The book gives a profound idea of the most spoken phenomenon of this time. The book is suitable for a wide-ranging audience from graduate to professionals/practitioners and researchers. Relevant disciplines for the book are: Telecommunications / Network security, Applied mathematics / Data analysis, Mobile systems / Security, Engineering / Security of critical infrastructure and Military science /.
Research highlights in safety & security
End user awareness of cybersecurity challenges
Current and emerging trends in cyber operations : policy, strategy and practice
If loss in interbank confidence regarding banking sector balance sheets intensified the crisis in 2008, banks' faltering confidence in other banks' systems could cause the next crisis, experts warn. Confidence is vital to the financial system, and as account balances are situated in cyberspace, confidence in the numbers on the screen is of the utmost importance. From a practical point of view it is irrelevant whether a loss of confidence is due to the realisation of financial market risks or cyber risks..
This brief provides readers a complete and self-contained resource for information about DDoS attacks and how to defend against them. It presents the latest developments in this increasingly crucial field along with background context and survey material. The book also supplies an overview of DDoS attack issues, DDoS attack detection methods, DDoS attack source traceback, and details on how hackers organize DDoS attacks. The author concludes with future directions of the field, including the impact of DDoS attacks on cloud computing and cloud technology. The concise yet comprehensive nature of this brief makes it an ideal reference for researchers and professionals studying DDoS attacks. It is also a useful resource for graduate students interested in cyberterrorism and networking.
Understanding NATO in the 21st century : alliance strategies, security and global governance
The care and maintenance of cyberweapons
Knowledge discovery using diffusion maps
Cyber warfare and international law
Finnish cyber security strategy and implementation
Security questions of network centric warfare
Enterprise cybersecurity : how to build a successful cyberdefense program against advanced threats
Security in cyberspace : targeting nations, infrastructures, individuals
Distributed denial of service attack and defense
Network science and cybersecurity
Chinese Cybersecurity and Defense
Offensive cyber capabilities are needed because of deterrence
Cyberwar : another revolution in military affairs?
Insights into cyberspace, cyber security and cyberwar in the Nordic countries
Cyber security in business and management
Beyond cybersecurity : protecting your digital business
The definitive guide to incident response--updated for the first time in a decade! Thoroughly revised to cover the latest and most effective tools and techniques, Incident Response & Computer Forensics, Third Edition arms you with the information you need to get your organization out of trouble when data breaches occur. This practical resource covers the entire lifecycle of incident response, including preparation, data collection, data analysis, and remediation. Real-world case studies reveal the methods behind--and remediation strategies for--today's most insidious attacks. Architect an infrastructure that allows for methodical investigation and remediation Develop leads, identify indicators of compromise, and determine incident scope Collect and preserve live data Perform forensic duplication Analyze data from networks, enterprise services, and applications Investigate Windows and Mac OS X systems Perform malware triage Write detailed incident response reports Create and implement comprehensive remediation plans.
Insider threat : prevention, detection, mitigation and deterrence
@war : the rise of cyber warfare
Metasploit: the penetration tester's guide / by David Kennedy...[et al.]
"As leaders are increasingly implementing technologies into their districts and schools, they need to understand the implications and risks of doing so. Cyber Security for Educational Leaders is a much-needed text on developing, integrating, and understanding technology policies that govern schools and districts. Based on research and best practices, this book discusses the threats associated with technology use and policies and arms aspiring and practicing leaders with the necessary tools to protect their schools and to avoid litigation.Special Features:A Cyber Risk Assessment Checklist and Questionnaire helps leaders measure levels of risk in eight vital areas of technology usage. Case vignettes illuminate issues real leaders have encountered and end-of-chapter questions and activities help readers make connections to their own practice.Chapter alignment with the ELCC standards.An entire chapter on Copyright and Fair Use that prepares leaders for today's online world.A Companion Website with additional activities, assessment rubrics, learning objectives, and PowerPoint slides. "--
Machine-to-machine Communications : Architectures, Technology, Standards, and Applications
Journal of cyber security and mobility
A futurist's guide to emergency management
Security management process in distributed, large scale high performance systems
Future crimes : inside the digital underground and the battle for our connected world
Could a cyber attack lead to financial crisis?
Cyber Security : analytics, technology and automation
Contaminated rather than classified : CIS design principles to support cyber incident response collaboration
Cybersecurity : managing systems, conducting testing, and investigating intrusions
A contingency framework to assure the user-centered quality and to support the design of anti-phishing software
CEHv9 : Certified Ethical Hacker version 9 practice tests
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
Non-state actors in cyberspace operations
"Security is an inherently temporal proposition. In the modern political philosophical tradition, security is an essential bulwark against the exigencies of an unknowable future. For Thomas Hobbes, whose Leviathan (1651) is a foundation of Western political theory, security is the antidote to a situation in which man, 'in the care of future time, hath his heart all day long, gnawed on by feare of death, poverty, or other calamity; and has no repose, nor pause of his anxiety, but in sleep' (Hobbes 1996: 76). Security arises as a central feature of the social contract between people and the state, in which the pursuit and practices of security are invoked to calm the jittery present by the imposition of order on times yet to come"--
The secure information society : ethical, legal and political challenges
Cyberwar : law and ethics for virtual conflicts
Cloud storage security : a practical guide
Timing and side channel attacks
Protecting our future : educating a cybersecurity workforce
Certified ethical hacker (CEH) cert guide
Future crimes : everything is connected : everyone is vulnerable : and what we can do about it
Learn how to detect and prevent the hacking of medical equipment at hospitals and healthcare facilities. A cyber-physical attack on building equipment pales in comparison to the damage a determined hacker can do if he/she gains access to a medical-grade network as a medical-grade network controls the diagnostic, treatment, and life support equipment on which lives depend. News reports inform us how hackers strike hospitals with ransomware that prevents staff from accessing patient records or scheduling appointments. Unfortunately, medical equipment also can be hacked and shut down remotely as a form of extortion. Criminal hackers will not ask for a $500 payment to unlock an MRI, PET or CT scan, or X-ray machinet́hey will ask for much more. Litigation is bound to follow and the resulting punitive awards will drive up hospital insurance costs and healthcare costs in general. This will undoubtedly result in increased regulations for hospitals and higher costs for compliance.Unless hospitals and other healthcare facilities take the steps necessary to secure their medical-grade networks, they will be targeted for cyber-physical attack, possibly with life-threatening consequences. Cybersecurity for Hospitals and Healthcare Facilities is a wake-up call explaining what hackers can do, why hackers would target a hospital, the way hackers research a target, ways hackers can gain access to a medical-grade network (cyber-attack vectors), and ways hackers hope to monetize their cyber-attack. By understanding and detecting the threats, hospital administrators can take action nowb́efore their hospital becomes the next victim. This book shows you how to: Determine how vulnerable hospital and healthcare building equipment is to cyber-physical attack. Identify possible ways hackers can hack hospital and healthcare facility equipment.Recognize the cyber-attack vectorsór paths by which a hacker or cracker can gain access to a computer, a medical-grade network server, or expensive medical equipment in order to deliver a payload or malicious outcome. Detect and prevent man-in-the-middle or denial-of-service cyber-attacks. Detect and prevent hacking of the hospital database and hospital web application.
Sovereignty in the cyber domain
Network security monitoring and anomaly detection in industrial control system networks
The cybersecurity dilemma : hacking, trust, and fear between nations
Norwegian cyber security : how to build a resilient cyber society in a small nation
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The Finn family summer trip 2045 : a view to future business opportunities
Application of big data for national security : a practitioner's guide to emerging technologies
The legal regulation of cyber attacks
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Small business cyber security
Theoretical offensive cyber militia models
Development of cyber security incident handling capability to strengthen cyber defence capacity
Detection of distributed denial-of-service attacks in encrypted network traffic
Linux for the information manager
Safe and secure cities : 5th International Conference on Well-Being in the Information Society WIS 2014, Turku, Finland, August 18-20, 2014, proceedings
Personal cybersecurity : how to avoid and recover from cybercrime
Cyber weapon target analysis
Future crimes : everything is connected, everyone is vulnerable and what we can do about it
Over the last two decades, the Internet and more broadly cyberspace has had a tremendous impact on all parts of society. Governments across the world have started to develop cyber security strategies and to consider cyberspace as an increasingly important international issue. The book, in addition to the cyber threats and technology, processes cyber security from many sides as a social phenomenon and how the implementation of the cyber security strategy is carried out. The book gives a profound idea of the most spoken phenomenon of this time. The book is suitable for a wide-ranging audience from graduate to professionals/practitioners and researchers. Relevant disciplines for the book are Telecommunications / Network security, Applied mathematics / Data analysis, Mobile systems / Security, Engineering / Security of critical infrastructure and Military science / Security.
Computer forensics and cyber crime : an introduction
Intrusion detection applications using knowledge discovery and data mining
Victory in exceptional war : the Estonian main narrative of the cyber attacks in 2007.
Threats concerning the usability of satellite communications in cyberwarfare environment
Understanding network hacks : attack and defense with Python
Cyber world as a social system
Hands-on ethical hacking and network defense
Enterprise level security : securing information systems in an uncertain world
Preventing execution of unauthorized native-code software
Terrorism in cyberspace : the next generation
Evolution of the cyber domain : the implications for national and global security
Cyber safety : an introduction
Cybersecurity for hospitals and healthcare facilities : a guide to detection and prevention
Developing cyber security architecture for military networks using cognitive networking
The emperor's digital clothes : cyberwar and the application of classical theories of war
Cyber-physical attacks : a growing invisible threat
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Essential cybersecurity science : build, test, and evaluate secure systems
Cyber security for educational leaders : a guide to understanding and implementing technology policies
The exploit marketplace
Abstract.
Cybersecurity investments : decision support under economic aspects
User perceptions on the privacy of health information
Anomaly-based online intrusion detection system as a sensor for cyber security situational awareness system
Cybersecurity : managing systems, conducting testing and investigating intrusions
Cyber security and the politics of time
Computer and information security handbook
"Cyber operations is an emerging professional and academic field of interest, encompassing multiple disciplines associated with both technical and non-technical operations conducted in cyber space. This book importantly focuses on the non-technical aspects, such as policy, strategy and best practice. It presents both theoretical and practical approaches towards understanding the evolution of cyber operations. This volume provides a multidisciplinary examination of international trends, with contributions from scholars and high-profile practitioners working in the fields of cyber security, cyber warfare, and information management. It also takes an international approach to these issues, incorporating studies from a military (warfare) context as well as civilian (private industry) environments. Current and Emerging Trends in Cyber Operations is essential reading for policy makers, military personnel, private sector professionals and both senior scholars and students to understand current changes and new issues in cyber operations"--
Advanced persistent security / a cyberwarfare approach to implementing adaptive enterprise protection, detection, and reaction strategies
On data mining applications in mobile networking and network security
"'Cyber security' is a recent addition to the global security agenda, concerned with protecting states and citizens from the misuse of computer networks for war, terrorism, economic espionage and criminal gain. Many argue that the ubiquity of computer networks calls for robust and pervasive countermeasures, not least governments concerned at their potential effects on national and economic security. Drawing on critical literature in international relations, security studies, political theory and social theory, this is the first book that describes how these visions of future cyber security are sustained in the communities that articulate them. Specifically, it shows that conceptions of time and temporality are foundational to the politics of cyber security. It explores how cyber security communities understand the past, present and future, thereby shaping cyber security as a political practice. Integrating a wide range of conceptual and empirical resources, this innovative book provides insight for scholars, practitioners and policymakers"--
Cyberwarfare : information operations in a connected world
This book reviews the role that cyberwarfare plays in modern military operations--operations in which it has become almost impossible to separate cyberwarfare from traditional warfare. Key features include: incorporation of hands-on activities, relevant examples, and realistic exercises to prepare readers for their future careers; examination of the importance of information as a military asset, from the days of Sun Tzu and Julius Caesar to the present; discussion of cyberwarfare in light of the law of war and international conventions, and the new questions it is raising; a review of the various methods of attack used in recent years by both nation-state and nonstate actors; outlines of strategies for defending endpoints, networks, and data; offering of predictions on the future of cyberwarfare and its interaction with military doctrine; provision of fresh capabilities due to information drawn from the Snowden NSA leaks. --
Cybersecurity for executives : a practical guide
Knowledge discovery from network logs
Staying safe online
Cybersecurity : the essential body of knowledge
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Cyber security and IT infrastructure protection
Cyber Security : analytics, tchnology and automation
Introduction to network security : theory and practice
Analysis of automotive cybersecurity : attack surfaces and users' privacy concerns
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Powers and fundamental rights in cyber security
What every engineer should know about cyber security and digital forensics
Metasploit penetration testing cookbook : over 70 recipes to master the most widely used penetration testing framework
