http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2619 robots
robots
The robot book
Marshals
Classic Transformers. Volume three
Blood and iron
Modeling of motion control system for the soccer robot
Behavior Design of Nao Robot Playing Blackjack
The trouble with dad
Supehero school. 4 : Thunderbot's day of doom
Designing autonomous agents : theory and practice from biology to enginering and back
The complete Ro-busters
Sixteen-year-old Tyri wants to be a musician and wants to be with someone who won't belittle her musical aspirations.  Q-I-99 aka 'Quinn' lives in a scrap metal sanctuary with other rogue droids. While some use violence to make their voices heard, demanding equal rights for AI enhanced robots, Quinn just wants a moment on stage with his violin to show the humans that androids like him have more to offer than their processing power.  Tyri and Quinn's worlds collide when they're accepted by the Baldur Junior Philharmonic Orchestra. As the rift between robots and humans deepens, Tyri and Quinn's love of music brings them closer together, making Tyri question where her loyalties lie and Quinn question his place in the world. With the city on the brink of civil war, Tyri and Quinn make a shocking discovery that turns their world inside out. Will their passion for music be enough to hold them together while everything else crumbles down around them, or will the truth of who they are tear them apart?
Transformers devastation : Xbox One
Philip K. Dick's Electric Ant
Improving probabilistic roadmap methods for fast motion planning
Applied dynamics of manipulation robots : modelling, analysis and examples
From Alan Turing's conviction in the 1950s to a Silicon Valley wunderkind, imprisoned in 2040 for creating illegally lifelike dolls, from a pilgrim girl writing her diary to a traumatised young girl exchanging messages with a software program: all these lives have shaped and changed a single artificial intelligence - MARY3. Here, she tells you their story, and her own. It is the last story she will ever tell, spoken both in celebration and in warning. When machines learn to speak, who decides what it means to be human?
Transformers devastation : Xbox 360.
Introductory Programming Ecosystem for Children with Mobile Application
An introduction to robotics
Collaborative robotics : human-robot collaboration in heavy manufacturing tasks
Model Based Engineering : Robot Car
Transformers : robots in disguise : the champ
Development of  robot cell for interactive catapult
2001 : a space odyssey
Russ Manning's Magnus robot fighter 4000 A.D. Volume two
The remote body : the phenomenology of telepresence and re-embodiment
Transformers : robots in disguise : Optimus returns : episodes 21-26
Robots, robots everywhere!
Autonomous packaging robot
The super-intelligent, high-tech robot book
Transformers : prime. The complete season 3, Beast hunters
Magnus robot fighter 4000 A.D. Volume one
The basics of robotics
Behavior Design of Nao Humanoid Robot: a Case of Picking up the Ball and Throwing into the Box
Rise of the slippery sea monster
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
Image analysis methods for robotic vision
I am the mechanical they named Jax. My kind was built to serve humankind, duty-bound to fulfil their every whim. But now our bonds are breaking, and my brothers and sisters are awakening. Our time has come. A new age is dawning. Set in a world that might have been, of mechanical men and alchemical dreams, this is the third and final novel in a stunning series of revolution by Ian Tregillis.
Jax, a rogue Clakker, has wreaked havoc upon the Clockmakers' Guild by destroying the Grand Forge. Reborn in the flames, he must begin his life as a free Clakker, but liberation proves its own burden.  Berenice, formerly the legendary spymaster of New France, mastermind behind her nation's attempts to undermine the Dutch Hegemony -- has been banished from her homeland and captured by the Clockmakers Guild's draconian secret police force. Meanwhile, Captain Hugo Longchamp is faced with rallying the beleaguered and untested defenders of Marseilles-in-the-West for the inevitable onslaught from the Brasswork Throne and its army of mechanical soldiers.
Improving BOTNIA2009 robosoccer strategy
Robot builder's sourcebook
Snow White and the seven robots : a graphic novel
Transformers devastation : PS3
ActionPool : a novel dynamic task scheduling method for service robots
Transformers prime. Kausi 1, osa 1, Darkness rising
Robust high precision color-based robot vision system
Vn : the first machine dynasty
A robot in the garden
The leaky battery sets sail
Parallel robotic machine tools
Millie vs the world
The magic hamster
Sp4rx
Robots on strike! Sammy's underappreciated mechanical helpers cause chaos in the house! It's up to Sammy and his disabled sister Maddie to keep the peace until his inventor mom reveals her secret project ... and why it was worth the wait.
Transformers : robots in disguise. 2, Rumble in the jungle
Robot world
The effectiveness of robot-aided upper limb therapy in stroke rehabilitation : a systematic review of randomized controlled studies
Control of robot manipulators in joint space
Transformers classics. vol. 2
Mind warp
Mirage : Isaac Asimov's robot mystery
Chibi-Robo! : zip lash : Nintendo 3DS
Winter blankets the wreckage of the world. In the snow-covered ruins, four children scavenge for supplies to feed their dwindling group of survivors. Four, because Ian is gone – captured or killed by the mechanical death squads that hunt them all. SAM, his robotic guardian angel, has left as well. And without Ian, without his optimism, the survivors are losing hope. Until, one day, they recover the electronic device that their friend had built to communicate with SAM…
Descender. Book three, Singularities
The Mighty Skullboy Army. Vol. 1
Robotics : applications and social implications
What's next for entertainment
Neptune's brood
Ricky Ricotta's mighty robot vs. the uranium unicorns from Uranus
Transformers : robots in disguise. 1. tuotantokausi
Magnus robot fighter
X-men : Apocalypse
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
AUTOMATIC TEST CREATION ENVIRONMENT WITH AN INDUSTRIAL ROBOT
Transformers : robots in disguise. 1, A new mission
In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation? -
Robot-oriented design : design and management tools for the deployment of automation and robotics in construction
Developing a Self-Balancing Robot with Lego NXT Mindstorms
The umbrella academy. Volume 2 : Dallas
Vision-based global path planning and trajectory generation for robotic applications in hazardous environments
Robot competition, design of labyrinth and RobotDemo
Developments of drawing capability for Nao humanoid robot
Humanoid Robot NAO Playing "Spot The Differences" Game
Classic Transformers. Volume two
People tracking by mobile robots using thermal and colour vision
Development of a Vision System and  Basic Drawing with NAO Robot
Robot components and systems
National Geographic kids : everything robotics
Foundations of robotics : analysis and control
Sam. 2 : Robot hunters
Robot control : theory and applications
Flexible robotics : applications to multiscale manipulations
Behaviour Design of NAO Humanoid Robot Playing Tic Tac Toe Game
Iron wolf
The wild robot
Twisted metal
Stories of robots
"The Cambridge Handbooks on Construction Robotics series focuses on the implementation of automation and robot technology to renew the construction industry and to arrest its declining productivity. The series is intended to give professionals, researchers, lecturers, and students basic conceptual and technical skills and implementation strategies to manage, research, or teach the implementation of advanced automation and robot-technology-based processes and technologies in construction. Currently, the implementation of modern developments in product structures (modularity and design for manufacturing), organizational strategies (just in time, just in sequence, and pulling production), and informational aspects (computer-aided design/manufacturing or computer-integrated manufacturing) are lagging because of the lack of modern integrated machine technology in construction. The Cambridge Handbooks on Construction Robotics books discuss progress in robot systems theory and demonstrate their integration using real systematic applications and projections for off-site as well as on-site building production"--
The liberation
Robots in fiction and films
RDF accelerated training programm
Transformers : revenge of the fallen : PC DVD
Robots and robotic devices : Collaborative robots = Robots et dispositifs roboriques : robots coopératifs
Robogenesis : a novel
Robotics : basic analysis and design
Service-based fault tolerance for cyber-physical systems : a systems engineering approach
Building a SumoBot Robot with a AVR Butterfly Microcontroller
Modeling of energy-efficient robots for lightweight, high volume assembly : concepts and optimization
Introduction to automatic milking system in Finland : effect on milk quality
iD : the second machine dynasty
Roz the robot discovers that she is alone on a remote, wild island with no memory of where she is from or why she is there, and her only hope of survival is to try to learn about her new environment from the island's hostile inhabitants.
17 years ago: A girl in South Dakota falls through the earth, then wakes up dozens of feet below ground on the palm of what seems to be a giant metal hand. Today: She is a top-level physicist leading a team of people to understand exactly what that hand is, where it came from, and what it portends for humanity. A swift and spellbinding tale told almost exclusively through transcriptions of interviews conducted by a mysterious and unnamed character, this is a unique debut that describes a hunt for truth, power, and giant body parts.
Controlling a robot using Android interface and voice
Zombies vs. robots. Volume 2, War! 'Bots!
Machinarium : collector's edition : PC DVD-ROM
Model-Based Design of Brushless DC Motor Control and Motion Control Modelling for RoboCup SSL Robots
Designing and implementing a robot gripper using additive manufacturing
RoboCup 2000 : Robot soccer world cup IV
Chappie : the art of the movie
The Transformers. Best of UK  : Prey
Automatic test creation environment with industrial robot
Transformers devastation : PS4
Wall-E
Experiments on wall-following behaviour in local navigation environment using desicion tree learning
Robot uprisings
Dungeon. Monstres. Vol 6, The great animator
Robot revolution
Sequential decision making under uncertainty for sensor management in mobile robotics
Sam.  3, a million winters
The big ideas of Buster Bickles
Feasibility Study of Implementing an Industrial Robot For Induction Hardening Machine
Robots : from science fiction to technological revolution
The design of a robot controller
Battletech record sheets. Vol. 1, Light mechs
Microsystem technology and microrobotics
Despite her unpredictable nature, young Hisaya is one of the top Marshals—robot-assisted law enforcement personnel—within the complex political consortiums of the planet Iriu. Her destiny takes an unexpected turn when she’s accused of murdering a high-ranking scientist and forced to go on the run. Teaming up with her expert mechanic grandfather and ambitious young cousin, Hisaya attempts to clear her —and the entire caste’s—name and unravel the conspiracy that threatens the planet
Revised papers of the licentiate seminar on intelligent autonomous mobile robots, spring 1988
Robots
The alchemy of stone
Robot Competition, Design of Labyrinth and RobotDemo
The watcher in the shadows
I Heart Robot
Design and Implementation of Autonomous Stair Climbing with Nao Humanoid Robot
MIDI interpreter software
Telerobotics
Robots and the whole technology story
The rising
The NAO robot as a Personal Assistant
Paper models that move : 14 ingenious automata and more
The Transformers : All hail megatron. volume 3
Russ Manning's Magnus, robot fighter 4000 A.D. Volume three
