http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26163 papacy
papacy
Blood & beauty
On the margins of crusading : the Military Orders, the Papacy and the Christian world
Papal authority and the limits of the law in Tudor England
Certain sainthood : canonization and the origins of papal infallibility in the medieval church
Why I am a Catholic
Church and ministry in the works of G. H. Tavard
The primacy of Peter : essays in ecclesiology and the early Church
Brings together a selection of the papers on the theme of the Papacy and the Crusades, delivered at the 7th Congress of the Society for the Study of the Crusades and the Latin East. This title deals with events and perceptions in the West, including papers on the crusades against the Albigensians and Frederick II.
The Deeds of Pope Innocent III
Byzantine Rome and the Greek popes : Eastern influences on Rome and the papacy from Gregory the Great to Zacharias, A.D. 590-752
The Roman monster : an icon of the Papal Antichrist in Reformation polemics
My struggle for freedom : memoirs
Heirs of the Fisherman : behind the scenes of papal death and succession
Church, state, and community : historical and comparative perspectives
Calixtus II (1119-1124) : a pope born to rule
A letter to the Friars Minor and other writings
Popes and antipopes : the politics of eleventh century church reform
Papal reform and canon law in the 11th and 12th centuries
The history of the decline and fall of the medieval papacy
The conciliarist tradition : constitutionalism in the Catholic Church, 1300-1870
The bishop of Rome in late antiquity
Popes and patriarchs : an Orthodox perspective on Roman Catholic claims
Church unity and papal office : an ecumenical dialogue on John Paul II's encyclical Ut unum sint (That all may be one)
Primacy in the church : the office of primate and the authority of councils. Volume two, Contemporary and contextual perspectives
Bound to be free : evangelical Catholic engagements in ecclesiology, ethics, and ecumenism
"These original essays offer thought-provoking perspectives on the complex evolution of the papacy in the last 500 years, from the pope as an Italian Renaissance prince to the pope as a universal pastor concerned with the well-being and salvation of human beings everywhere on earth. Structured by detailed studies of some of the most significant popes in this evolution, this volume explores how papal policies and actions were received as the popes sought to respond to the political, cultural, and social circumstances of their time. Included are essays examining pontificates from that of Julius II, warrior as well as patron of the arts, to the era of the French Revolution and Napoleon, to Paul VI's pleas for peace during the Cold War, and to John Paul II's itinerant, prophetic, and hierarchical model of a pastoral papacy in the age of television and the internet"--
Encyclopedia of the Vatican and papacy
Faith and leadership : the papacy and the Roman Catholic Church
Reform of the Roman Curia
This engrossing book encompasses the extraordinary history of the papacy, from its beginnings to the present day. This new edition covers the unprecedented resignation of Benedict XVI and the election of the first Argentinian pope.
The consensus of the church and papal infallibility : a study in the background of Vatican I
Pavia and Rome : the Lombard monarchy and the papacy in the eighth century
La papauté et les croisades : actes du VIIe Congrès de la Society for the Study of the Crusades and the Latin East = The papacy and the Crusades : proceedings of the VIIth conference of the Society for the Study of the Crusades and the Latin East
The history of the decline and fall of the Roman Empire. Volume 8, The fall of Constantinople and the papacy in Rome
On the power of emperors and popes
A companion to the medieval papacy : growth of an ideology and institution
Founded to support Christian pilgrims to the Holy Land and most famous for their support for crusading, the Military Religious Orders' activities and interests stretched far beyond the frontiers of Christendom. This title explores important and hitherto under-researched aspects of the Orders' history
Original papal documents in England and Wales from the accession of Pope Innocent III to the death of Pope Benedict XI (1198-1304)
The foundations of medieval papal legation
The Roman Catholic papacy has long been a thorny issue dividing the ecumenical church. In this book several outstanding Lutheran and Catholic theologians, known collectively as the Group of Farfa Sabina, present the results of their five-year dialogue, showing how the papal (Petrine) ministry might actually serve to unify the worldwide communion of churches. Offering biblical, historical, and canonical analyses of key Vatican texts, this volume opens up paths to new and surprising Lutheran-Catholic convergences. The volume as a whole reflects the mutual commitment of Farfa Sabina members to shaping declarations of intent into effective realities. -- Review: William G. Rusch -- Yale Divinity School "This work is an indispensable resource for anyone interested in overcoming the disunity of the churches. It demonstrates how high-quality scholarship can enlighten questions about the papacy that at first glance appear closed. Disclosing the potential for degrees of resolution to what were once regarded as intractable barriers to greater unity, this report cannot be recommended too highly." John A. Radano -- Seton Hall University "A significant contribution to promoting ecumenical advance, this book is a must-read for those interested in the work of reconciliation among divided Christians."
His broken body : understanding and healing the schism between the Roman Catholic and Eastern orthodox churches (an orthodox perspective)
Reform of the church : crisis and criticism in historical perspective
Light of the world : the pope, the church, and the signs of the times : a conversation with Peter Seewald
The restoration of Rome : Barbarian Popes and imperial pretenders
The Pope's men : the papal civil service in the Renaissance
The pope's dilemma : Pius XII faces atrocities and genocide in the Second World War
Early medieval Rome and the Christian West : essays in honour of Donald A. Bullough
The Vatican's opening of its archives in 2006 for the period of the papacy of Pius XI (1922-1939) has prompted a burst of historical research which is not only shedding new light on the role of the Holy See and the Church in this period of extraordinary political and social turmoil, but also on some of the major world events of this period. In 2008, a number of institutions created a research network, bringing together scholars from different countries who are working in these archives and highlighting its emerging work to the broader scholarly community. This book represents the proceedings from a conference of this research network, held in Providence, Rhode Island, at the Brown University in October 2010.
Communion of churches and Petrine ministry : Lutheran-Catholic convergences
The papacy since 1500 : from Italian prince to universal pastor
Were the Popes against the Jews? : tracking the myths, confronting the ideologues
"This volume brings together contributions from two separate editors. The first is a collection of texts that evidence Cardinal Thomas Wolsey's legatine powers to grant dispensations and other papal graces and his exercise of these powers during the 1520's in Henry VIII's realm. The second is a text edited by Michael Questier comprising glosses on and suggested readings of the Elizabethan statute law which imposed treason penalties on Catholic clergy who exercised their office in reconciling to Rome. Both contributions illuminate the limits of the law and flexibility in interpreting and applying it and regard the role of Catholic clergy as agents of papal authority in Tudor England before and after the break with Rome."-- Provided by publisher.
The popes : a history
Magisterium : teaching authority in the Catholic church
The Pope of Rome and the popes of the Oriental orthodox church : an essay on monarchy in the church, with special reference to Russia, from original documents, Russian and Greek
The Church of the Word Incarnate : an essay in speculative theology. Volume 1, The apostolic hierarchy
Pius XI and America : proceedings of the Brown University conference, (Providence, October 2010)
The modern papacy since 1798
Papacy, religious orders, and international politics in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
The medieval papacy
Remembering the Renaissance : humanist narratives of the sack of Rome
Studies the propagandistic and political features of five prominent series of frescoes originating in papal Rome in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. Discusses the manipulation of historical events for propagandistic purposes, the importance of inscriptions in controlling interpretation, and the reactions of contemporary viewers.
Primacy in the church : the office of primate and the authority of councils. Volume 1, Historical and theological perspectives
Between God and man : six sermons on the priestly office
The tweetable pope : a spiritual revolution in 140 characters
The invention of Peter : apostolic discourse and papal authority in late antiquity
The papacy : an encyclopedia
Note In 476 the last of Rome's emperors was deposed by a barbarian general and the imperial vestments were sent to Constantinople. The curtain fell on the Western Roman Empire, its territories divided between kingdoms constructed around barbarian military manpower. But if Rome was dead, the dream of restoring it refused to die.
Saints & sinners : a history of the Popes
Crusading on the edge : Ideas and practice of crusading in iberia and the baltic region,1100-1500
Papacy and law in the Gregorian revolution : the canonistic work of Anselm of Lucca
A successful defeat : Eugene IV's struggle with the Council of Basel for ultimate authority in the Church 1431-1449
The papacy in the age of totalitarianism, 1914-1958
The Papacy and the Modern World
The divine right of the papacy in recent ecumenical theology
Orthodoxy and the Roman papacy : Ut Unum Sint and the prospects of East-West unity
Papal supremacy and American democracy : the Roman Catholic cornerstone and stumblingblock : its religious roots and heritage
Popes and Jews, 1095-1291
The Papacy in the Age of Totalitarianism, 1914-1958 examines the most momentous years in papal history. Popes Benedict XV (1914-1922), Pius XI (1922-1939), and Pius XII (1939-1958) faced the challenges of two world wars and the Cold War, and threats posed by totalitarian dictatorships like Italian Fascism, German National Socialism, and Communism in Russia and China. The wars imposed enormous strains upon the unity of Catholics and the hostility of the totalitarian regimes to Catholicism lead to the Church facing persecution and martyrdom on a scale similar to that experienced under the Roman Empire and following the French Revolution. At the same time, these were years of growth, development, and success for the papacy. Benedict healed the wounds left by the 'modernist' witch hunt of his predecessor and re-established the papacy as an influence in international affairs through his peace diplomacy during the First World War. Pius XI resolved the 'Roman Question' with Italy and put papal finances on a sounder footing. He also helped reconcile the Catholic Church and science by establishing the Pontifical Academy of Sciences and took the first steps to move the Church away from entrenched anti-Semitism. Pius XI continued his predecessor's policy of the 'indigenisation' of the missionary churches in preparation for de-colonisation. Pius XII fully embraced the media and other means of publicity, and with his infallible promulgation of the Assumption in 1950, he took papal absolutism and centralism to such heights that he has been called the 'last real pope'. Ironically, he also prepared the way for the Second Vatican Council.
The papacy confronts the modern world
Reviving the Eternal City : Rome and the Papal Court, 1420-1447
The papacy and the new world order : Vatican diplomacy, catholic opinion and international politics at the time of Leo XIII, 1878-1903 = La papauté et le nouvel ordre mondial : Diplomatie vaticane, opinion catholique et politique internationale au temps de Leo XIII, 1878-1903
God's new man : the election of Benedict XVI and the legacy of John Paul II
Crusading in Frankish Greece : a study of Byzantine-Western relations and attitudes, 1204-1282
The power and the glorification : papal pretensions and the art of propaganda in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries
