http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26153 Kannada language
Kannada language
Selected South Indian inscriptions : Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada
Dravidian phonological systems
A reference grammar of spoken Kannada
Tulu lexicon : Tulu-Kannada-English dictionary. Vol. 1
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 11, Bombay-Karnataka inscriptions
Kannada : a cultural introduction to the spoken styles of the language
An outline grammar of Havyaka
Maisūru viśvavidyānilayada iṁgliṣ-kannaḍa nighaṁṭu = The Mysore university English-Kannada Dictionary
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 15, Bombay-Karnataka inscriptions
The Kannada language
Language in South Asia
A grammar of Kannada : (based on the inscriptions of Coorg, South Kanara and North Kanara dts. 1000 to 1400 AD.)
Ziegler's English-Kannada dictionary
Proceedings of the seminar on Prakrit studies : (1973)
Dimensions of sociolinguistics in South Asia : papers in memory of Gerald B. Kelley
A grammar of the Kannada language : comprising the three dialects of the language (ancient, medieval and modern)
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 20, Bombay-Karnataka inscriptions
History of Kannada language : (readership lectures)
Encyclopaedia of Indian proverbs : a classified collection. Vol 4, Kannada proverbs
Kittel's Kannada-English dictionary in 4 volumes. Vol. 1-4, 1: a-ah; 2: k-dh; 3: n-m; 4: y-l
The great English-Indian dictionary : for use in the various Aryan and Dravidian languages of India and Ceylone : namely Bengali, Gujrati, Hindi, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Nepali, Oriya, Punjabi, Singhalese, Tamil, Telugu, and allied languages. [Vol. 1, pt. 1], [Chemistry : elements, their derivatives and compounds, symbols, suffixes, etc.]
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 9, Miscellaneous inscriptions in Kannada
A comparative study of Kannada dialects : Bellary, Gulbarga, Kumta and Nanjangud dialects
Features of localization in contemporary Indian fiction
An intensive course in Kannada
Language variation in South Asia
The calf became an orphan : a study in contemporary Kannada fiction
Pronominalization : (a cross-linguistic study)
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 17, Inscriptions collected during 1903-1904
Kannada language and linguistics
