http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26193 leaders
leaders
Playing the matching game : an institutional analysis of executive recruitment and selection in software start-ups: Silicon Valley and Stockholm
Empire of the summer moon : Quanah Parker and the rise and fall of the comanche tribe
Warpath : the true story of the fighting Sioux told in a biography of Chief White Bull
Behind the scenes on the world's largest cruise ship
Change Management Competence - Key Contributor to Project Success : Case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
The sultan's wife
"Just doing my job"
Tartans : the tartans of the clans and septs of Scotland with the arms of the chiefs
Eric the Red : the Viking adventurer
Genghis Khan : the man who conquered the world
The sea-stone sword
What the new breed of CMOs know that you don't
Battle for Rome
Hannibal : enemy of Rome
Geronimo : the man, his time, his place
Hannibal : a Hellenistic life
Indeh : a story of the Apache wars
Greek commanders in the 5th and 4th centuries B.C : politics and ideology : a study of militarism
The sales boss : the real secret to hiring, training and managing a sales team
Commanders & command in the Roman Republic and Early Empire
Women managers, images and the dynamics of the working place
The art of mastering sales management
The sales leader's problem solver : practical solutions to conquer management mess-ups, handle difficult sales reps, and make the most of every opportunity
Project management in ICT organization : How to enable and support the unified way of working
The essential controller : an introduction to what every financial manager must know
Hannibal : great general of the ancient world
Leadership, personality and performance
Joan Of Arc : A History
Renowned for ferocity in battle, legendary for an uncanny ability to elude capture. feared for the violence of his vengeful raids. the Apache fighter Geronimo captured the public imagination in his own time and remains a mythic figure today. This thoroughly researched biography by a renowned historian of the American West strips away the myths and rumors that have long obscured the real Geronimo and presents an authentic portrait of a man with unique strengths and weaknesses and a destiny that swept him into history. Utley unfolds the story through the alternating perspectives of whites and Apaches, and he arrives at a more nuanced understanding of Geronimo's character and motivation than ever before. What it was like to be an Apache fighter-in-training, why Indians as well as whites feared Geronimo, how Geronimo maintained his freedom, and why he finally surrendered--the answers to these questions and many more fill these pages.--From publisher description.
My solemn  responsibilities to my people: traditional rulers and post-colonial state in Ghana
My share of the task : a memoir
The generalship of Alexander the Great
Who's who in military history : from 1453 to the present day
Northlanders. Book six : Thor's daughter and other stories
Global account management : the art of managing international key accounts
Neglected heroes : leadership and war in the early medieval period
The warrior queens : Boadicea's chariot
In charge of Freedom
The chef manager
Alexander's tomb : the two thousand year obsession to find the lost conqueror
Nevsky : a hero of the people
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
Abstract: Global account management : the art of managing international key accounts. This bachelor thesis aims at analyzing Global Account Management as an instrument for handling global business-to-business relationships between supplier and buyer. The challenges and critical success factors within Global Account Management should underline the complexity of global deals between global corporations. A deeper inside into the organizational structures identifies the background of the obstacles for Global Account Managers. The most relevant barriers in Global Account Management are examined and their influence on the relationship between global supplier and global buyer are discussed. The findings should provide help in understanding the global mechanisms and emphasize the need for customization towards individual customer requests in Global Account Management.
At the head of your ship, you eagerly search for any sign of land. As you peer through the dissipating mist, it finally gives way to the silhouette of cliffs—you have arrived at your new home. Now your clans can partake in a new era of prosperity. Rival chieftains also set sail for this same land, and soon the time will come to hold the Great Council and elect the High King of Inis. Will you be the one who ascends to the throne?
Caesar : the life of a colossus
Project management in ICT organization : how to enable and support the unified way of working
Global Account Management : The art of managing international key accounts
Fire and sword
Killer instinct
Change management competence - key contributor to project success : case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Alexander the Great
The secrets of successful sales management
Eumenes of Cardia : a Greek among Macedonians
Eagles at war
The wars of Alexander's successors 323 - 281 BC. Vol. 1, Commanders and campaigns
The product manager's survival guide : everything you need to know to succeed as a product manager
Managing project delivery : maintaining control and achieving success
Alexander the Great : the greatest ruler of the ancient world
Project management guidelines and checklist : a project based thesis for the Fair Factor Oy
Northlanders. Book seven : The icelandic trilogy
The Roman army. : the greatest war machine of the ancient world
Abstract: Project management in ICT organization : how to enable and support the unified way of working. The present thesis was made to Tieto Oyj. The aim of this thesis was to build a model on how a project manager works at Tieto and to develop a tool to support the model. The main focus of this thesis was the tool and its implementation. Many sections of this thesis are classified, so there is lot of material in the appendixes. The study was conducted as an action research. The objectives and research questions were formulized studying first the current situation by investigating employee satisfaction and customer satisfaction surveys. Moreover, an additional questionnaire about the tools was sent to the project managers. Actual work started at the end of 2009 and both the model and the tool were implemented during 2011. The theory base for this study was primarily in project management. Leadership, organization culture and change management theories were used as supporting theories. Based on the theories and the existing knowledge the model for solving the challenges was built. The model was then taken forward as a concept and a tool. As a result of this work the model, a frame, was build and it will function also as a model for the upcoming development work in Project Management area. Model identifies what kind of expectations there were for project managers and requirements for performing the tasks. The tool developed on the basis of the model gathers all the supported tools to one place, so that it is easier for project managers to find them. The tool also provides a view to the most important key performance indicators, latest documentation, support and it helps to keep contact with the project members. The implemented model for project management work is very useful and its development needs to continue. In addition the developed and implemented tool Project Desktop is only in its first production phase. Feedback from project managers about the tool has been very positive. The offered help and support for project managers has also affected positively on customer feedback. There are other development projects ongoing at the same time and it is important that these improved tools will be brought to the Project Desktop as well.
Education as the saviour of the sales manager
Alexander the conqueror : the epic story of the warrior king
The year is 1872. The place, the Apache nations, a region torn apart by decades of war. The people, like Goyahkla, lose his family and everything he loves. After having a vision, the young Goyahkla approaches the Apache leader Cochise, and the entire Apache nation, to lead an attack against the Mexican village of Azripe. It is this wild display of courage that transforms the young brave Goyakhla into the Native American hero Geronimo. But the war wages on. As they battle their enemies, lose loved ones, and desperately cling on to their land and culture, they would utter, "Indeh," or "the dead." When it looks like lasting peace has been reached, it seems like the war is over. Or is it? INDEH captures the deeply rich narrative of two nations at war--as told through the eyes of Naiches and Geronimo--who then try to find peace and forgiveness. INDEH not only paints a picture of some of the most magnificent characters in the history of our country, but it also reveals the spiritual and emotional cost of the Apache Wars. Based on exhaustive research, INDEH offers a remarkable glimpse into the raw themes of cultural differences, the horrors of war, the search for peace, and, ultimately, retribution. The Apache left an indelible mark on our perceptions about the American West, and INDEH shows us why.
Project management : challenges for project leader
Abstract.
Cookbook for project coordinators
Managing Project Delivery : maintaining Control and Achieving Success
The life of Wellington : the restoration of the martial power of Great Britain
Hannibal : clouds of war
Hannibal's war
Encyclopedia of warrior peoples and fighting groups
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
Memoirs of a Chinese marshal : the autobiographical notes of Peng Dehuai (1898-1974)
The Duke
Hannibal : fields of blood
Team Handbook
Abstract: Model for Health Counseling Center of Kainuu for Intravenous Drug Users Between Ages 18 to 29.
Wellington at war, 1794-1815 : a selection of his wartime letters
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The product manager's handbook : the complete product management resource
Great military leaders and their campaigns
Tales from the tomb. Egypts warrior kings
Robert B. Parker's Fool me twice : a Jesse Stone mystery
