http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26128 welfare services
welfare services
Men, masculinities and social welfare
The professional side of co-production
Falling is the main cause of domestic accidents and fatal injuries to seniors at home. In this paper, we describe the design process for a new pervasive technology (CIRDO). The aim of this technology is to detect falls (via audio and video sensors) and to alert the elderly's family or caregivers. Two complementary studies were performed. Firstly, the actual risk situations of older adults were analyzed. Secondly, social acceptance was investigated for the different homecare field stakeholders. Our results highlight the tensions among social actors towards the tool and their impacts on technology acceptance by the elderly. Also, we show a significant change in the fall process due to the device. In actuality, the social functions associated with CIRDO implementation and the necessity of iterative design processes suggest that the CIRDO system should be more flexible and versatile to better fit the risk behaviors of seniors that evolve using this device..
Art and culture - keys for better brain health : developing service models with a citizen-centred approach
English summary.
In defence of the welfare state
Hyvinvointia kaikille : hyvinvointiosaaminen Turun ammattikorkeakoulussa = Wellbeing know-how at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
Cross-European research on various aspects of participation and marginalization in the field of welfare services
Student ́s variegated well being : A survey of students ́ well being in HUMAK University of Applied Sciences
Performance measurement for managing welfare services
Juridification and social citizenship in the welfare state
Contested welfare states : welfare attitudes in Europe and beyond
Changing practice in health and social care
Service-oriented assessment of quality of life of adults with intellectual disabilities
Four faces of participation
The age of dualization : the changing face of inequality in deindustrializing societies
Planning, need and scarcity : essays on the personal social services
Written by leading academic and industry experts actively engaged in revenue management, research and teaching this is a new and original treatment of the whole field for students and professionals.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Well-being tourism in Naantali : rebranding a travel destination
Power and welfare : understanding citizens' encounters with state welfare
Understanding, managing and developing a well-being service brand
Co-production challenges the operations logic of public service organisations
The end of welfare as we know it? : continuity and change in Western welfare state settings and practices
Reading is not only fun and invigorating, it also has many other positive effects on a person's quality of life and well-being. One of the fundamental missions of public libraries has always been to support people's reading habits and promote literature. A number of surveys pertaining to the use of the library have also indicated that libraries are still a significant part of people's lives in precisely this way.
Green care : a conceptual framework / editors: Joe Sempik, Rachel Hine, Deborah Wilcox
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Social classes and welfare services
Rethinking welfare
Childcare markets : can they deliver an equitable service?
Abstracts in Swedish.
Capitalist welfare systems : a comparison of Japan, Britain and Sweden
Access to welfare : an introduction to welfare rationing
eGOOD operational enviroment as a tool for innovative data management within business networks
Interactive CaringTV and userdriven eServices : the Safe Home project : final report
Farming for health : green-care farming across Europe and the United States of America
Abstracts in Finnish.
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Detecting falls at home : User-centered design of a pervasive technology
In 1980, Ronald Reagan was elected President of the United States on the promise of radically reforming American government by cutting spending and welfare entitlements and improving conditions for private entrepreneurship. For Reagan, American government was akin to an alligator infested swamp, not only stagnant but dangerous. Thousands of miles away, the Swedish Prime Minister, Olof Palme, in response to a local government's attempt to privatize a childcare center, took a different stance. Palme argued that the introduction of markets would create "Kentucky Fried Children," the market standing for things American and unhealthy, a threat to Swedish children and the Swedish welfare state. Over the past three decades, market reforms have transformed public services such as education, health and care of the elderly. Whereas previous studies present markets as having similar and largely non-political effects, this book shows that political parties structure markets in diverse ways to achieve distinct political aims. Left-wing attempts to sustain the legitimacy of the welfare state are compared with right-wing wishes to limit the state and empower the private sector. Examining a broad range of countries, time periods and policy areas, Jane Gingrich helps readers make sense of the complexity of market reforms in the industrialized world. The use of innovative multi-case studies and in-depth interviews with senior European policymakers enriches the debate and brings clarity to this multifaceted topic.
Privatization, vulnerability, and social responsibility : a comparative perspective
Participatory alternatives for charity food delivery? Finnish development in an international comparison
Making the most of it : economic evaluation in the social welfare field
Human services as complex organizations
The perils of highly skilled mobility : welfare, risk, and temporary migration from the Nordic region to India
Institutional characteristics of co-operatives providing welfare services : theoretical study of co-operatives and their members
Making markets in the welfare state : the politics of varying market reforms
WELL-BEING OF BODY AND SOUL : Fitness and Pampering in Spa Hotel Kivitippu
Innovation in social welfare and human services
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
An introduction to human services
International Conference : "Towards holistic well- being" August 29th - September 1st 2000 : oral and poster presentation abstracts
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Men's Socio-Demographic Background and Maternal Health Care Utilization in Ethiopia
Spas : the cultural economy of hospitality, magic and the senses
Transformation of participation: politics and social citizenship in Finnish welfare governance
Rethinking public service delivery : managing with external providers
Children & young people now
Revenue management for hospitality and tourism
The design of social welfare
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
Examining growth and internationalization within the health and well-being sector
Green care : for human therapy, social innovation, rural economy, and education
Well-being and wellness are constantly growing trends in modern society, due to demanding and hectic lifestyle. People are seeking phycishal and mental well-being now while traveling as well. Well-being tourism is growing globally. Well-being is higly individual and can include several different activities, such as different treatments, relaxing, nature, healthy food and exercising. Well-being tourism has been listed as a part of Finland's tourism strategy. However, this paper focuses to the city of Naantali, located in southwestern Finland, and does the city have suitable frames and potential to success as a well-being travel destination. Research is based on academic literature and two surveys. Based on research can be stated that Naantali does have suitable frames for developing well-being tourism and services. Also local entrepreneurs possess positive attitudes towards well-being tourism and that well-being tourism would benefit the local businesses. Challenge is how to bring together the shattered provision, and how the travelers would find the existing well-being services. Well-being would be a beneficial adding to already existing Naantali- brand. It would guarantee competitiveness in the travel industry, attract new visitors and for example extend the travel season.
Social policy in a developing world
Evaluation and social research : introducing small-scale practice
Participation, marginalization and welfare services : concepts, politics and practices across European countries
Developing a service marketing strategy for wellness tourism company : Case study: Golden Retreats
Public services and the European Union : healthcare, health insurance and education services
Context-aware and trust-based personal wellness information framework for pervasive health
Service concepts and service integration in Costa del Sol
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
The Nordic countries have been able to raise living standards and curb inequalities without compromising economic growth. But with social inequalities on the rise how do they fare when compared to countries with alternative welfare models, such as the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Germany? Taking a comparative perspective, this book casts new light on the changing inequalities in Europe. It will be invaluable for students and policy makers interested in European social policy and living conditions.
Active ageing online : interactive distance services for the elderly on Baltic Islands : VIRTU Project 2010–2013
Value co-creation through service portfolio designing in wellness industry : case Wasa Wellness
The anthropology of welfare
Changing social equality : the Nordic welfare model in the 21st century
Health and welfare challenges in Europe : east, west, north and south : the 15th Biennial Conference of the European Society for Health and Medical Sociology (ESHMS) : 28-30 August 2014, University of Helsinki, Finland
Private and public production of welfare service in some western countries : a comparative analysis
The Whitehall effect : how Whitehall became the enemy of great public services and what we can do about it
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
How participation, marginalization and welfare services are connected
Abstracts in Estonian.
Investment services in Sampo Bank Oyj Pieksämäki branch
Care management and community care : social work discretion and the construction of policy
Forest and Well-Being Services for Tourists : Case:Nuuksio
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Summary.
Participatory alternatives for charity food delivery ? : Finnish development in an international comparison
Finnish central government administration views on welfare service reform : advancing the social investment paradigm?
Law in a complex state : complexity in the law and structure of welfare
The Social welfare act of Finland : the act entered into force on January 1st 1984 ; Statute on social welfare in Finland : the statute entered into force on January 1st 1984
The logic of social welfare : conjectures and formulations
Contractualism in employment services : a new form of welfare state governance
The future as told through the garden and the streets : scenarios for the hyperconnected Nordic societies 2015-2040
Promoting urban health : experiences from developing multiprofessional studies in social and health care education
This handbook is a collection of the subjects handled in Encounter Art group-guide training. In addition to Encounter Art group guides, the handbook is well suited to social-welfare, health-care and educational supervisors when they assess the applicability of Encounter Art to the operations of their own units. Encounter Art constitutes group-form visual-art activities that can offer support for myriad life situations. Encounter Art views the individual as a member of his or her community, and Encounter Art activities emphasize use of all the senses. Encounter Art work is phased in such a way that even inexperienced actors get to enjoy the aesthetic magic of making art and appreciative viewing of their works of art together with the peer group. Encounter Art is based on the Japanese Clinical Art system. Since 2006, Tohoku Fukushi University in Japan and Laurea University of Applied Sciences have cooperated on Encounter Art.
Reframing the relationship between service design and operations : a service engineering approach
This title seeks to explain how and why complexity in modern welfare systems has grown; identify the different ways in which legal and administrative arrangements are classifiable as complex; discuss the effects of complexity on the system's administration; and consider the role that law can play in the simplification of schemes of welfare.
Reading, libraries and well-being
Introducing social policy
Active ageing online : interactive distance services for the elderly on Baltic Islands : VIRTU project 2010-2013
Encounter art : handbook for a group guide
Systems thinking in the public sector : the failure of the reform regime... and a manifesto for a better way
Hybrids in temporary institutional care : Children with an immigrant background in municipal temporary institutional care in Greater-Helsinki.
Rights, scarcity, and justice : An analytical inquiry into the adjudication of thew welfare aspects of human rights
