http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26157 Sino-Japanese War, 1937-1945
Sino-Japanese War, 1937-1945
War, occupation, and creativity : Japan and East Asia, 1920-1960
The people's war
I visit Yenan : eye witness account of the communist-led liberated areas in north-west China
"Different countries give different opening dates for the period of the Second World War, but perhaps the most compelling is 1937, when the 'Marco Polo Bridge Incident' plunged China and Japan into a conflict of extraordinary duration and ferocity - a war which would result in many millions of deaths and completely reshape East Asia in ways which we continue to confront today. With great vividness and narrative drive Rana Mitter's new book draws on a huge range of new sources to recreate this terrible conflict. He writes both about the major leaders (Chiang Kaishek, Mao Zedong and Wang Jingwei) and about the ordinary people swept up by terrible times. Mitter puts at the heart of our understanding of the Second World War that it was Japan's failure to defeat China which was the key dynamic for what happened in Asia." --Publisher's description.
Collaboration : Japanese agents and local elites in wartime China
A brief history of Sino-Japanese war : (1937-1945)
The Japanese invasion of Shanghai in 1937 led some thirty million Chinese to flee their homes in terror, and live--in the words of artist and writer Feng Zikai--"in A sea of bitterness" as refugees. Keith Schoppa paints A comprehensive picture of the refugee experience in one province--Zhejiang, on the central Chinese coast--where the Japanese launched major early offensives as well as notorious later campaigns. He recounts stories of both heroes and villains, of choices poorly made amid war's bewildering violence, of risks bravely taken despite an almost palpable quaking fear. As they traveled south into China's interior, refugees stepped backward in time, sometimes as far as the nineteenth century, their journeys revealing the superficiality of China's modernization. Memoirs and oral histories allow Schoppa to follow the footsteps of the young and old, elite and non-elite, as they fled through unfamiliar terrain and coped with unimaginable physical and psychological difficulties. Within the context of Chinese culture, being forced to leave home was profoundly threatening to one's sense of identity. Not just people but whole institutions also fled from Japanese occupation, and Schoppa considers schools, governments, and businesses as refugees with narratives of their own. Local governments responded variously to Japanese attacks, from enacting scorched-earth policies to offering rewards for the capture of plague-infected rats in the aftermath of germ warfare. While at times these official procedures improved the situation for refugees, more often--as Schoppa describes in moving detail--they only deepened the tragedy.
The Nanking massacre : fact versus fiction : a historian's quest for the truth
The battle for China : essays on the military history of the Sino-Japanese War of 1937-1945
In a sea of bitterness : refugees during the Sino-Japanese War
Toward a history beyond borders : contentious issues in Sino-Japanese relations
China in the anti-Japanese War, 1937-1945 : politics, culture and society
The last quarter of the moon
Call of Yanan : story of the Indian medical mission to China 1938-43
Forgotten captives in Japanese-occupied Asia
History of the Sino-Japanese war (1937-1945)
The wars for Asia, 1911-1949
China's war with Japan 1937-1945 : the struggle for survival
The thought war : Japanese imperial propaganda
Lust, caution : the story
Shanghai's schemozzle : volumes 1 and 2 together
From Marco Polo Bridge to Pearl Harbor : who was responsible?
World War II : a new history
China at war : regions of China, 1937-1945
"The Wars for Asia, 1911-1949 shows that the Western treatment of World War II, the Second Sino-Japanese War, and the Chinese Civil War as separate events misrepresents their overlapping connections and causes. The long Chinese Civil War precipitated a long regional war between China and Japan that went global in 1941 when the Chinese found themselves fighting a civil war within a regional war within an overarching global war. The global war that consumed Western attentions resulted from Japan's peripheral strategy to cut foreign aid to China by attacking Pearl Harbor and Western interests throughout the Pacific on December 7-8, 1941. S. C. M. Paine emphasizes the fears and ambitions of Japan, China, and Russia, and the pivotal decisions that set them on a collision course in the 1920s and 1930s. The resulting wars - the Chinese Civil War (1911-1949), the Second Sino-Japanese War (1931-1945), and World War II (1939-1945) - together yielded a viscerally anti-Japanese and unified Communist China, the still-angry rising power of the early twenty-first century. While these events are history in the West, they live on in Japan and especially China"--
The unknown war : North China 1937-1945
Social and political change in revolutionary China : the Taihang Base area in the War of Resistance to Japan, 1937-1945
