http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26254 NMR spectroscopy
NMR spectroscopy
Essential NMR for scientists and engineers
NMR spectroscopy : basic principles, concepts and applications in chemistry
NMR spectroscopy in drug development and analysis
NMR of ordered liquids
Structural, Thermoanalytical and Molecular Modeling Studies on N-(3-hydroxypropyl) 3a,12a-Dihydroxy-5b-cholan-24-amide and Its Monohydrates
Calculation of NMR and EPR parameters : theory and applications
Elucidating Organic Reaction Mechanisms using photo-CIDNP Spectroscopy, by Martin Goez. Parahydrogen Induced Polarization by Homogeneous Catalysis: Theory and Applications, by Kerstin Münnemann et al. Improving NMR and MRI Sensitivity with Parahydrogen, by R. Mewis & Simon Duckett. The Solid-state Photo-CIDNP Effect, by Jörg Matysik et al. Parahydrogen-induced Polarization in Heterogeneous Catalytic Processes, by Igor Koptyug et al. Dynamic Nuclear Polarization Enhanced NMR Spectroscopy, by U. Akbey & H. Oschkinat. Photo-CIDNP NMR Spectroscopy of Amino Acids and Proteins, by Lars T. Kuhn.
Abstract.
Development and application of [sup 1]H NMR methodology to lipoprotein analysis
1H NMR analysis of serum lipids
Tetramethoxy resorcinarenes as platforms for fluorescent and halogen bonding systems
pKα determination of proteins by NMR and computational methods
Phosphoros-31 NMR spectroscopy : a concise introduction for the synthetic organic and organometallic chemist
NMR spectra of polymers and polymer additives
The XXXV Finnish NMR Symposium : book of abstracts : June 12-15, 2013, Hotel Rantasipi Siuntio
Ion pair recognition by ditopic crown ether based bis-urea and uranyl salophen receptors
Dynamic properties of polymer electrolytes studied by NMR spectroscopy
Application of stochastic processes to modelling of ordered cationic distributions in aluminosilicates
XXXVIII Finnish NMR Symposium : book of abstracts : June 13-15, 2016, Spa Hotel Peurunka, Laukaa, Finland
Introduction to spectroscopy : a guide for students of organic chemistry
In this thesis, the magnetic resonance and magneto-optical rotation parameters are studied in single-layer carbon systems of two different dimensionalities. Based on electronic structure calculations, the spectral parameters are predicted for both extended (2D) and finite, molecular (0D) systems consisting of pure sp²-hybridised pristine graphene (G), as well as hydrogenated and fluorinated, sp³-hybridised graphene derivatives, graphane (HG) and fluorographene (FG), respectively.Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) parameters are calculated for G, HG and FG systems at their large-system limit. For their 0D counterparts, graphene flakes, qualitative spectral trends are predicted as functions of their size and perimeter type. The last group of studied carbon systems consists of 2D graphenes containing spin-1/2 paramagnetic defects. Electron spin resonance (ESR) parameters and paramagnetic NMR shieldings are predicted for four different paramagnetic systems, including the vacancy-defected graphane and fluorographene, as well as graphene with hydrogen and fluorine adatoms. The magneto-optic properties of G and HG flakes are studied in terms of Faraday optical rotation and nuclear spin optical rotation parameters, to investigate the effects of their finite size and also the different level of hydrogenation.All the different investigated parameters displayed characteristic sensitivity to the electronic and atomic structure of the studied graphenes. The parameters obtained provide an insight into the physics of these 0D and 2D carbon materials, and encourage experimental verification.
A comparison between two MRI devices with different field strengths in spectroscopic use
Characterization of thermally modified wood by NMR spectroscopy:microstructure and moisture components
Interpreting infrared, Raman and nuclear magnetic resonance spectra. Vol. 1, Factors affecting molecular vibrations and chemical shifts of infrared, Raman, and nuclear magnetic resonance spektra
Spin dynamics : basics of nuclear magnetic resonance
From problem to solution - CSC's chemistry modeling guide
Protein NMR spectroscopy : principles and practice
Hyperpolarization methods in nmr spectroscopy
NMR : the toolkit
NMR and chemistry : an introduction to modern NMR spectroscopy
Synthesis and photoluminescence of substituted 2-(N-benzyl-N-pyridine-2ylamino)pyridines and their platinum(II) complexes
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics : causal inference from observational studies
Metabolite profiling of Allium species by using modern spectrometric methods
Current developments in solid state NMR spectroscopy
Spectroscopy for the biological sciences
Tiivistelmä: Relativity and electroweak interaction in molecular physics.
Structural investigation of different glucose-based saccharides with NMR spectroscopy and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry
Interpreting infrared, Raman and nuclear magnetic resonance spectra. Vol. 1, Variables in data interpretation of infrared and Raman spectra
Radio frequency systems for NMR imaging : coil development and studies of non-thermal biological effects
The effect of high-pressure processing on the distribution of elements in meat
77Se NMR Spectroscopic, DFT MO, and VBT Investigations of the Reversible Dissociation of Solid (Se6I2)[AsF6]2•2SO2 in Liquid SO2 to Solutions Containing 1,4-Se6I22+ in Equilibrium with Sen2+ (n = 4, 8, 10) and Seven Binary Selenium Iodine Cations: Preliminary Evidence for 1,1,4,4-Se4Br42+ and cyclo-Se7Br+
Development of NMR methods to study disordered proteins
Recorcinarene tetrabenzoxazines and their N-alkyl ammonium salts
Predicting NMR parameters from the molecular structure
Supramolecular coordination polyhedra based on achiral and chiral pyridyl ligands : design, preparation, and characterization
Proceedings of the XXXVI Finnish NMR Symposium : June 4th-6th 2014, Pikku-Syöte, Pudasjärvi, Finland
High-resolution NMR techniques in organic chemistry
Structure, dynamics and reactivity of carbohydrates : NMR spectroscopic studies
NMR - from spectra to structures : an experimental approach
Electronic structure studies on NMR spin-spin coupling and nuclear shielding tensors
Introduction to spectroscopy
Essential mathematics for NMR and MRI spectroscopists
Relativity and electroweak interaction in molecular physics = Relativity and electroweak interaction in molecular physics
Extended and finite graphenes : computational studies of magnetic resonance and magneto-optic properties
Structural analysis of selected polychlorinated persistent organic pollutants (POPs) and related compounds
Multidimensional NMR in liquids : basic principles and experimental methods
Encyclopedia of spectroscopy and spectrometry
13C NMR investigation of molecular mobility of ion groups in some ionic liquids
Synthetic and structural (NMR) studies on DNA and RNA
High resolution NMR : theory and chemical applications
Nuclear magnetic resonance of biological macromolecules. Part A
18. National NMR Symposium : proceedings of 18. National NMR Symposium, June 12-14, 1996, Ikaalinen Spa, Ikaalinen, Finland
NMR spectroscopy explained : simplified theory, applications and examples for organic chemistry and structural biology
(+)-Dehydroabietylamine based chiral solvating agents for the enantiomeric discrimination of carboxylic acids in NMR spectroscopy
Solid state conformational behavior and interactions of a series of aromatic oligoamide foldamers
Exploring the self-assembly of resorcinarenes : from molecular level interactions to mesoscopic structures
Characterization of thermally modified wood by NMR spectroscopy : microstructure and moisture components
Analysis of lipid oxidation during digestion by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometric and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopic techniques
Synthesis, characterization and structural properties of various covalent and non-covalent bile acid derivatives of N/O-heterocycles and their precursors
Nuclear magnetic resonance of biological macromolecules. Part B
Automated analysis of quantitative NMR spectra
Substituent groups in aryl- and arylalkylphosphanes : effects on coordination chemistry and catalytic properties
Quantitative quantum mechanical analysis of 1H NMR spectra : applications and strategies
Contemporary instrumental analysis
Computer-aided structure elucidation : spectra interpretation and structure generation
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide and type 2 diabetes is reaching a global epidemic. Epidemiological studies have identified numerous risk factors and pharmacotherapies in relation to these cardiometabolic diseases. However, the detailed molecular mechanisms of these risk factors and drug therapies generally remain incompletely understood. Elucidating the underlying molecular effects would be essential for better understanding of the disease pathogenesis and also for discovering new therapeutic targets. Quantitative serum metabolomics, which allows for simultaneous quantification of multiple circulating metabolic measures, provides a hypothesis-free approach to systematically inspect the metabolic changes in response to endogenous and exogenous stimuli. Metabolomics thus presents a valuable tool to study the detailed molecular effects of disease risk factors and drug therapies. However, current metabolomics studies are mostly conducted in small cross-sectional studies and the causal relations of the risk factors on the metabolic measures are generally unclear, providing limited public health impact. The present thesis serves as a proof-of-concept to illustrate that well-designed observational studies can be used to infer causality. With the exemplars of assessing molecular effects of two risk factors (body mass index and sex hormone-binding globulin) and two drug therapies (statins and oral contraceptives), the thesis demonstrates that an improved causal inference can be achieved in observational studies via the combination of multiple study designs, including cross-sectional, longitudinal and Mendelian randomization analysis. This robust study design approach together with metabolomics data can be also extended to study the molecular effects of other risk factors and drug therapies. With an improved molecular understanding of a wide range of risk factors and therapies, better understanding of disease pathogenesis is ensured.
Magnetic resonance properties of metal-containing nanosystems
A complete introduction to modern NMR spectroscopy
Basic One- and Two-Dimensional NMR Spectroscopy
NMR spectroscopic structure determination of calerythrin, an EF-hand protein from S. erythraea
Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy
Understanding NMR spectroscopy
200 and more NMR experiments : a practical course
