http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26260 facilitation
facilitation
Rethinking visual art practice in relation to well-being : a conceptual analysis
Practical facilitation : a toolkit of techniques
Participatory workshops : a sourcebook of 21 sets of ideas and activities
Facilitating arts-based methods in elderly care : a multiple case study on organizations
Applied theatre : facilitation
Proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation : patterns and techniques
Applied Theatre: Facilitation is the first publication that directly explores the facilitator's role within a range of socially engaged theatre and community theatre settings. The book offers a new theoretical framework for understanding critical facilitation in contemporary dilemmatic spaces and features a range of writings and provocations by international practitioners and experienced facilitators working in the field. Part One offers an introduction to the concept, role and practice of facilitation and its applications in different contexts and cultural locations. It offers a conceptual framework through which to understand the idea of critical facilitation: a political practice that that involves a critical (and self-critical) approach to pedagogies, practices (doing and performing), and resilience in dilemmatic spaces. Part Two illuminates the diversity in the field of facilitation in applied theatre through offering multiple voices, case studies, theoretical positions and contexts. These are drawn from Australia, Serbia, Kyrgyzstan, India, Israel/Palestine, Rwanda, the United Kingdom and North America, and they apply a range of aesthetic forms: performance, process drama, forum, clowning and playmaking. Each chapter presents the challenge of facilitation in a range of cultural contexts with communities whose complex histories and experiences have led them to be disenfranchised socially, culturally and/or economically.
The role of the designer facilitator : a field based design approach towards facilitating a collaborative technology for a health care project
Facilitating action learning : a practitioner's guide
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
Facilitator's guide to participatory decision-making
Yes in our backyard! : facilitating proactive citizen participation in urban planning
Twin-Stick Exercising - Argumentation of the Innovation and Feedback Related to European Level Dissemination
Understanding facilitation : theory & princples
Facilitating leadership team communication
Facilitating change : towards resident-oriented housing modernisation with collaborative design
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
Peer facilitation and multifaceted intervention in guideline implementation : enhancing care of cardiovascular diseases in primary care
This book is about how facilitators interact with participants during large, complex workshops. It is not about agenda design but rather about the behaviors that lead to engagement, insight and energy. It is intended for experienced facilitators rather than beginners.
From the front of the room : notes on facilitation for experienced practitioners
Fearless facilitation : the ultimate field guide to engaging (and involving!) your audience
