http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26204 nursing culture
nursing culture
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer : living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
Teamwork in operation room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
Caring for patients from different cultures : case studies from American hospitals
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review
Agricultural landscape management and biodiversity issues : how policy approaches are related to the character of the problem
Experiences of patients during postoperative pain management : challenges for nurses when providing evidence based care to patients in a multicultural setting : a qualitative study
Summary. - Résumé. - Resumen.
Transcultural nursing : assessment and intervention
Attitude of student nurses` toward people with disabilities
Abstract.
Nomads in Central Asia : animal husbandry and culture in transition (19th-20th century)
Planning and management of conservation of the cultural heritage : 1994 Regional Training Seminar for Cultural Personnel in Asia and the Pacific, Tokyo, 9-20 September 1994
Variation in nursing care of african americans and mexican americans living in the United States
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
Job satisfaction of nurses in Mauritius
Aspects of agro-pastoralism in East Africa
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Heritage : conservation, interpretation and enterprise
Conceptual foundations of professional nursing practice
Cultural competence : nursing science perspective : concept analysis
Abstract: Job satisfaction of nursing in Mauritius.
Territoriality and state-Sámi relations
The pursuit of paradise : a social history of gardens and gardening
Canadian transcultural nursing : assessment and intervention
Providing a good death : the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
A comparison of personal and professional cultures as important considerations in the recruitment of foreign nurses
Transcultural nursing : concept, theories, research and practice
Migrant friendly hospital : a literature review
"Pain remained inside me, winter darkness makes it worse" : pain cultures and methods of pain relief in the Northern region
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
Managing ancient monuments : an integrated approach
Heritage gardens : care, conservation and management
Pocket guide to cultural health assessment
Transcultural nursing : assessment & intervention
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions : a literature review
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
The economics of health and wellness : anthropological perspectives
History of madness
Transcultural nursing - a book of readings
"Issues like this have an impact" : the need-adapted treatment of psychosis and the psychiatrist's inner dialogue
Promoting cultural diversity : strategies for health care professionals
Occupational health, safety and ergonomic issues in small and medium-sized enterprises in a developing country
The moustache grower's guide
Fundamental aspects of transcultural nursing
Harmonizing global care policy? : care and the Commission on the Status of Women
Compacts and cosmetics : beauty from Victorian times to the present day
Leadership in early childhood education : cross-cultural perspectives
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
A history of make-up
Herds of the tundra : a portrait of Saami reindeer pastoralism
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
The role of CSR in corporate culture : a case sudy of Chinese corporation
Transcultural mursing : transforming the profession
Cultural beliefs and health behaviours of Roma patient in Finland
Plague hospitals : public health for the city in early modern Venice
Pastoral counseling across cultures
The place of stunted ironwood trees : a year in the lives of the cattle-herding Himba of Namibia
The childcare practice of children’s daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
The experiences and perfection of Somali clients and Finnish nurses in primary health care services
Cuba libre : breaking the chains?
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer: living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
Nurses with cultural competence and coping with working life : a qualitative study among foreign born Finnish educated registered nurses
Culture and the clinical encounter : an intercultural sensitizer for the health professions
The gentleman's guide to beard and moustache management
Beginning with birth?
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
A Model of Nursing Communication and a Phrase Vocabulary for Multicultural Nursing
Transcultural mursing : discovery and challenges
Abstract: The purpose of this paper is to highlight the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting and show nurses how they can provide culturally sensitive end of life care for their patients. The research question What is culturally sensitive care at the end of life in the acute ward setting, and how can nurses provide it? Madeleine Leininger's theory of Cultural Care Diversity and Universality has been used to provide a framework for writing this paper. The paper was written by conducting a systematic litrature review was perfromed by using well known electronic databases and manuals search methods. The articles choosen met the six selection criteria as well as answering the research question. The articles were analysed using a method which is based on the method described by Elo and Kyngäs (2008). During the data analysis process, seven main themes and two sub themes emerged that are a part of providing culturally sensitive end of life care. The seven major themes are; Death and Dying is a Complex Issue, Culture Plays a Part in Determining a Good Death, A Person's Beliefs Affect Their View, Nurses Have a Important Role, There Needs to be Clear Communication, The Definition of a Good Death is Individual, Areas That Need Improvement. The two sub themes are; Shared Aspects of a Good Death and Shared Aspects of a Undignified Death. Each of these themes will then combine to form the patient's own personal world view. It was possible to relate each of these themes to issues that were raised by Leininger in her theory. Death is and increasingly complex and diverse issue that nurses face today and with the rapidly aging population it is a challenge that acute care nurses will face on an increasingly routine basis. The most important role of the nurse when it comes to providing end of life care is the development and implementation of comprehensive and culturally sensitive end of life care plans in partnership with patients. Once such plans are developed in falls to the nurse to ensure that they are followed, after all it is only by following the wishes patients that have been outlined in such plans can nurses help patients to die a dignified and peaceful death.
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Nurses with cultural competence and coping with working life: a qualitative study among foreign born Finnish educated registered nurses
Culture care : a critical reflection of the nursing theories of authors Madelaine Leininger and Jean Watson
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
How to be a beautiful bride
Teamwork in operating room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
Insights into medical communication
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
Pain expression in different cultures : a qualitative study of the analysis for the cues of pain in different cultures
Chinese and Kenyan food culture -information for health care personnel in Finland
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to explore the nurses' perceptions of cultural competence in nursing.  This final project is based on 15 scientific research articles. The data was collected using Cinahl, Sage Journals, Pubmed, Wiley Interscience and manual search through the library journal collections. Literature review was used as a methodology. A critical appraisal was conducted to ensure the literature suitability to this final project. Deductive content analysis approach was adopted to analyze the data. The Papadopoulos Tilki and Taylor model for developing cultural competence was used as the conceptual framework. This model entails "Cultural Awareness, Cultural Knowledge, Cultural Sensitivity and Cultural Competence".  The findings of this literature review showed that cultural competence encompasses:  (a) Nurses abilities to do self-cultural assessment and point out those aspects of it that are at variance with the patient's values, beliefs and practices. (b) Having an ability and interest in understanding other cultures and the application of cultural knowledge when encountering people from other cultures at their best interests. (c) The ability to use a holistic approach when caring for culturally different patients. And the willingness to provide care that is based on respect, empathy, understanding and that takes into consideration the patients' cultural and religious needs. (d) And having the willingness and the ability to put into use the previously gained cultural awareness, cultural knowledge, cultural sensitivity and nursing skills.  Despite the fact that some nurses did not know and/or have never heard of the term cultural competence, in all reviewed research articles nurses were able to identify different components that make up a culturally competent care. Further research is needed on how nurses address and challenge discriminatory practices and racism as this was given less or non-importance by the nurses, and considering the fact that it was important in the framework of this final project.
Attitudes of perioperative personnel : a comparative research on safety culture and usage of surgical safety checklist
Keeping clean : a very peculiar history
Abstract: Breast cancer is one of the main leading causes of death among women worldwide. In finland around 4 000 new cases are being diagnosed every year. Because the amount of foreigners is growing at the same time, part of these newly diagnosed cases are among foreign women. That is why we need to be more aware of their needs. The purpose of this literature review was to explore women's, whose cultural background varies, experiences of breast cancer and how they cope with it.    The literature review was based on scientific research articles. The data was collected by using a systematic literature review. The data was collected by using database search and manual search at the school libarary. Altogether 10 articles were found. The articles included studies from Pakistan, Brazil, United States, Norway, Chine, Iran, Chile, Australia and Lebanon. All of the 10 scientific articles were analyzed by using inductive content analysis.    The findings of this literature review showed many similarities among the women regardless of the women's origins. 'Time of diagnosis a huge shock' and 'wanting to hide the diagnosis' were themes that emerged from the majority of the studies. The countries where religion greatly influenced every day life, religion was concidered one of the main aspects of coping. Family's support was also mentioned as crucial during the coping period throughout the studies.    The articles showed that even the women, whose origins are the same, are not a homogeneous group, eventhough this literature review was concentrating more on the similarities women from different cultures have. Every woman is an individual and should always be treated according to her individual needs. Each woman diagnosed with breast cancer is an individual and that is why the experience is unique as well.
Culture care diversity and universality : a theory of nursing
The management of change in Finland's wooden historic urban landscapes : Old Rauma
Pain expression in different cultures : a quality study of the analysis for the cues of pain in different cultures
Purnell's model for cultural competence in transcultural research : a literature review
Nurses' self-reported attitudes concerning transcultural nursing : LOG-Health Project
The sociology of death
Cultural competence in health education and health promotion
People and reindeer on the move : special issue of the journal
