http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26222 wings
wings
Poultry diseases : short notes containing strategic information for veterinary students
Relationship of breast fillet deboning time to shear force, pH, cooking loss and color in broilers stunned by high electrical current
Poultry as a hobby : [chickens, ducks, geese, turkeys, guinea fowl]
Poultry farming in Switzerland
A comparative study of avian oviducal sperm storage with special reference to factors with regulate sperm motility
On poultry production : Abstracts of researches
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens. An interpretative summary of that work is described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. This volume contains information that is useful to both risk assessors and risk managers, governments and food regulatory agencies, industry and other people or institutions with an interest in Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens, the public health impact and the use of risk assessment in the evaluation and selection of potential control strategies--Publisher's description.
Laying hens in loose housing systems : clinical, ethological and epidemiological aspects
Foot-Pad dermatitis in broilers and turkeys : prevalence, risk factors and prevention
Recent developments in poultry nutrition
Effects of lignosulphonates on poultry when used as a binder in compunded feed
The suburban chicken : the guide to keeping healthy, thriving chickens in your backyard
The mud fairy
Effects of copper glycine chelate on liver and faecal mineral concentrations, and blood parameters in broilers
Proceedings of the fourth European Symposium on Poultry Welfare
British poultry science
Poultry meat processing
Feather pecking in laying hens : social and developmental factors
Chester the chick
Biology of the domestic fowl : A textbook for students of zoology, agriculture and veterinary science
The poultry farmer's and manager's veterinary handbook
Report of proceedings
Reproduction in poultry
Management and welfare of farm animals : UFAW farm handbook
Early embryology of the chick
ABC of poultry raising : a complete guide for the beginner or expert
Bree and Kael Skyborn have seen their island invaded, their Seraphim disbanded, and their royal family imprisoned. A rebellion grows from the ashes, demanding Bree to be their Phoenix, their symbol against Center's tyranny, and for Kael to find the doomsday prophet Johan and sway his cult to their side. Should they fail, the hope of their rebellion fails with them.
A handbook of poultry and game bird diseases : strategic information in note form for veterinary students and others
Keeping chickens : the essential guide for first-time keepers
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of white-flowered semi-leafless green spring peas in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables (specific weight, Haugh unit, shell strenght) were determined with 576 hens in a 52-week feeding experiment, which comprised of three feeding phases. The hens were offered one of the four cereal and soybean meal (SBM) based experimental diets. Peas were tested in proportions of 0, 100, 200 or 300 g kg-1 in the diet. Pea inclusion had no effects on production performance, feed consumption or feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the hens during the entire trial. The pea inclusion impaired FCR during the second feeding phase (p < 0.05) and increased birds' live weight in a linear manner during the second and the third feeding phases (p < 0.05). Pea inclusion had no effects on egg quality. It can be concluded that at least 300 g kg-1 of the studied peas can be used in the diets of laying hens without negative effects on production performance or egg quality.
Backyard poultry keeping
The incubation book
Aerodynamics for engineering students
Poultry international : production, prosessing and marketing worldwide
The aim was to study the effects of dietary pea inclusion and the addition of Avizyme 1200 -enzyme cocktail on broiler performance, intestinal viscosity and organoleptic quality of meat. The experimental design was a 4 × 2 factorial, the factors being dietary pea inclusion (0, 150, 300 and 450 g kg-1) in the diets fed from day 9 to day 38 and the addition of Avizyme 1200 enzyme cocktail including amylase, protease and xylanase during the entire experiment. The growth of birds improved (p ≤ 0.018) with pea inclusion in a cubic manner. Feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the birds fed on unsupplemented diets improved along pea inclusion, while pea inclusion impaired the FCR on the birds on enzyme cocktail supplemented diets (p ≤ 0.006). The use of the enzyme cocktail improved the body weight, body weight gain and FCR of the broilers and decreased intestinal viscosity (p < 0.001). The organoleptic quality of meat was similar among treatments (p > 0.05). In conclusion, 450 g kg-1 peas can be used in the broiler grower diets without negative effects on the bird performance. The use of enzyme cocktail improves bird performance.
Products and profit from poultry
Coccidial and clostridial infections in broiler chickens : influence of diet composition : Lotta Waldenstedt
Feathers : the evolution of a natural miracle
Chicken manual : the complete step-by-step guide to keeping chickens
Organic poultry production : final report to MAFF
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
Broiler breeder production
Genetic study of reproduction traits and their relationship to production traits in white leghorn lines
Living with chickens : everything you need to know to raise your own backyard flock
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Diseases of poultry
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : interpretative summary
Poultry husbandry. Vol. 2
The extracellular regulation of bone morphogenetic proteins in Drosophila and sawfly wing
Compensatory bodily changes during moult in tree sparrows Passer montanus in Italy
Broilers production and management
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
The clearwing borers of Florida : (Lepidoptera: Sesiidae)
Blue wing disease of chickens and virus involved
Free-range poultry
Nutrient requirements of poultry
Cannibalims in cockerels and pheasants
Poultry science
Abuses in the Poultry Trade : a Report read at the Congress of the Societies for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals at Copenhagen 1911
Epidemiology and control of the poultry red mite, Dermanyssus gallinae
The effects of the rolled locus on the development of the compound eye and the wing of Drosophila melanogaster
The field guide to chickens
Habitat restoration and a successful reintroduction of the endangered Baton Blue butterfly (Pseudophilotes baton schiffermuelleri) in SE Finland
Extraordinary chickens
Heaps of energy and vitality from emu
Poultry welfare - taking responsibility : catching, transport and slaughter
Report of the Regional Workshop on the Monitoring and Management of Queen Conch, Strombus gigas, Kingston, Jamaica, 1-5 May 2006.
Raising chicken and turkey broilers in Canada
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Use of selection to enhance comb hyaluronic acid production in White Leghorn cockerels and correlated effects on male and female characters
Storey's guide to raising poultry
Poultry diseases and meat hygiene : a color atlas
The health of poultry
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of locally produced unprocessed or expander-processed coloured flowered faba bean (FB) (cv. "Kontu") seeds in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables were determined with 560 hens (Lohmann Selected Leghorn, LSL Classic) in a 40-week continued experiment. The hens were fed one of the five diets containing soybean meal as the main protein source. A diet without FB was served as a control diet. Both unprocessed and expander-processed FB was tested either in proportions of 50 g kg-1 or 100 g kg-1 in the diet. Faba bean inclusion (control vs. FB diets) had no effect on the egg production rate, egg mass production, feed consumption, or feed conversion ratio, but it decreased egg weight (p<0.05). Dietary FB inclusion tended to increase the mortality of the hens (p<0.10). Faba bean processing had no effects on egg production parameters or hen mortality. Daily egg mass production decreased and feed conversion ratio increased when FB proportion increased (from 50 to 100 g kg-1, p<0.05). Faba bean inclusion had no effects on egg exterior quality. It can be concluded that 50 g kg-1 of the FB studied (cv. "Kontu") can be used in the diets of laying hens (LSL Classic) without negative effects on production performance or livability.
Who's who international in the egg and poultry industries 1988-1989 : international buyers guide
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
Proceedings of the Fifth European Symposium on Poultry Welfare 1997
Physiology of the domestic fowl
Furnished cages and aviaries for laying hens : effects on production, health and use of facilities
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
The unfeathered bird
Farming of ostriches : model code of practice for the welfare of animals
Home poultry keeping
Plant protein meals for livestock feeding
Poultry diseases
Feeding whole grain with pelleted diets to growing broiler chickens
Ostrich farming
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) with enzyme addition in diets for broilers
Adaptive radiation of the digestive system, heart and wings of Turdus pilaris, Bombycilla garrulus, Sturnus vulgaris, Pyrrhula Pyrrhula, Pinicola enucleator and Loxia pytyopsittacus
A biologist presents the natural history of feathers, applying the findings of paleontologists, ornithologists, biologists, engineers, and art historians to answer questions about the origin of feathers, their evolution, and their uses throughout the ages.
The aim of the study was to determine the influence of Cu-glycine chelate on the chemical composition of the liver and blood parameters of broiler chickens. A total of 250 one-day-old Ross 308 male chicks were allotted into 5 groups with 5 replicates of 10 birds each. Rearing of birds lasted 42 days. In the experiment Cu was added to the premix in the form of CuSO4 (16 mg, 8 mg Cu), and in the form of Cu glycine chelate (16 mg, 8 mg, 4 mg Cu). The parameters in the chickens' blood remained within the range of physiological norms when lower levels of the analyzed elements were added. Adding lower levels of Cu (8 or 4 mg·kg-1) in comparison with the recommended doses (16 mg·kg-1) for broilers, in the form of highly assimilable organic sources, did not reduce the content of minerals Cu, Fe, and Zn in the chickens' liver, but reduced the faecal Fe, Cu and Zn concentrations compared to CuSO4.
Flying dinosaurs : how fearsome reptiles became birds
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) in laying hen diets
The atlas of chick development
Selection for sexual male characters in White Leghorn chickens : an evolutionary interpretation
Effect of two microbial phytase preparations on phosphorus utilisation in broilers fed maize-soybean meal based  diets
Use of faba beans (Vicia faba L.) in diets of laying hens
