http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26273 local government reform
local government reform
Recognising choice : a study of the changing politics of the common agricultural policy through an analysis of the MacSharry reform debate in Ireland and the Netherlands
Managing local social services in reforms : challenges to the leadership of human resource management
The civil corporation : the new economy of corporate citizenship
Rethinking local government : essays on municipal reform
Reforming FAO : into the new millennium
Essays on Finnish municipal finance and intergovernmental grants
Post-communist politics : an introduction
Judging policy : courts and policy reform in democratic Brazil
New directions in state reform : implications for civil society in Africa
The road to China's prosperity in the next three decades
Transforming the developmental welfare state in East Asia
In search of a metropolitan welfare state
Renegotiating the church contract : the death and life of the 21st-century church
Debating political reform in China : rule of law vs. democratization
The Parliament of Finland : the voice of the people past, present and future
Making the curriculum work
Class and schools : using social, economic, and educational reform to close the Black-white achievement gap
Leadership and reform : the Secretary-General and the UN financial crisis of the late 1980s
Governance and politics of China
Restructuring the welfare state : globalisation and social policy reform in Finland and Sweden
Between militarism and technocratic governance : state formation in contemporary Uganda
Understanding social movements : theories from the Classical Era to the present
Endless crusade : women social scientists and progressive reform
China's transition
The impact of Finnish health sector reforms
How to reform the UN climate negotiations? : perspectives from the past, present and neighbour negotiations
How China's leaders think : the inside story of China's reform and what this means for the future
Slash-and-burn cultivation and deforestation in Madagascar : representations and realities
Exploring Finnish local and regional administration : some current perspectives
The reform to restructure municipalities and services in Finland : a research perspective : Evaluation Research Programme ARTTU studies No. 23
Putin and the rise of Russia
Modernising governance : new labour, policy and society
Remaking governance : peoples, politics and the public sphere
Making church relevant
The future of the welfare state : crisis myths and crisis realities
Paradoxes of modernization : unintended consequences of public policy reform
Excellent daughters : the secret lives of young women who are transforming the Arab world
"This book addresses the effects of recent reforms in the political-administrative system of local governments and politics as well as future outlooks by reviewing the challenges, innovations, and lessons from local governments while providing theoretical perspectives on methods for positive reform"--
Church without walls
Theoretical foundations and discussions on the reformation process in local governments
Cosmos crumbling : American reform and the religious imagination
Reforming FAO : the challenge of world food security
The creative city : a toolkit for urban innovators
Ends and means : an enquiry into the nature of ideals and into the methods employed for their realization
Transition, institutions, and the rural sector
Metamorphosis of the administrative welfare state : from depoliticisation to political rationality
The challenge and prospect of the Security Council reform
The Nordic welfare model has received a lot of positive attention around the world. High standard of living, small income disparities and substantial social mobility looks like a very attractive package. Moreover, sound public finances and strong emphasis on environmental sustainability suggest that today's success has not been accomplished at the expense of future generations. But is there really a unique “Nordic Supermodel”, unshaken by the global economic crisis and capable of producing continuous high growth and world class welfare services when many developed economies struggle with the impacts of global competition and population ageing? This book shows that Nordic performance has not been quite as unique or uniform as often claimed. The recent global and European crisis and country specific shocks have affected also the Nordic countries, some of them very strongly. And there are as many variants of the Nordic model as there are Nordic countries. Going forward, also the Nordic countries will be challenged by ageing, globalisation and technological change, some more than the others. On the other hand many fundamentals remain strong in the Nordic countries, and, what is perhaps most important, the Nordics have proved themselves capable of adjusting. Labour market practices, pension policies, and production of public services have been reformed to match new circumstances. Public policies have been aimed at creating new jobs and helping people in transition, not at protecting uncompetitive businesses. There is a strong, rational tradition of consensual policy making. Further reforms are needed, and some widening of income disparities may be inevitable. The message of the book is, however, that refocused and recalibrated in a realistic scale the Nordic model has good chances of thriving well into the future.
Governing in the information age
The learning society from the perspective of governmentality
Can the soviet system survive reform? : seven colloquies about the state of soviet socialism seventy years after the bolshevik revolution
Finnish administrative reforms in the 1990s : the role of the regional councils within regional policy governance
Deming's road to continual improvement
Local self-government in Finland : change through structural reforms in the future
The institutional foundations of administrative development in Russia
Local and regional reform processes in Norden
Managing local networks : impacts of network management on the implementation of new public management and citizen participation
"The digital age has transformed information access in ways that no one ever dreamed. But the afterclap of our digital wonders has left libraries reeling as they are no longer the chief contender in information delivery. The book explores how libraries and librarians must face the future if they are to continue to be relevant, vibrant, and enduring"--
"For more than a decade, Katherine Zoepf has lived in or traveled throughout the Arab world, reporting on the lives of women, whose role in the region has never been more in flux. Only a generation ago, female adolescence as we know it in the West did not exist in the Middle East. There were only children and married women. Today, young Arab women outnumber men in universities, and a few are beginning to face down religious and social tradition in order to live independently, to delay marriage, and to pursue professional goals. Hundreds of thousands of devout girls and women are attending Qur'anic schools--and using the training to argue for greater rights and freedoms from an Islamic perspective. And, in 2011, young women helped to lead antigovernment protests in the Arab Spring. But their voices have not been heard. Their stories have not been told.  In Syria before its civil warshe documents a complex society in the midst of soul searching about its place in the world and about the role of women. In Lebanon, she documents a country that on the surface is freer than other Arab nations but whose women must balance extreme standards of self-presentation with Islamic codes of virtue. In Abu Dhabi, Zoepf reports on a generation of Arab women who've found freedom in work outside the home. In Saudi Arabia she chronicles driving protests and women entering the retail industry for the first time. In the aftermath of Tahrir Square, she examines the crucial role of women in Egypt's popular uprising.  Deeply informed, heartfelt, and urgent, Good Daughters brings us a new understanding of the changing Arab societies--from 9/11 to Tahrir Square to the rise of ISIS--and gives voice to the remarkable women at the forefront of this change" / Kustantaja..
Education governance and social integration and exclusion : national cases of educational systems and recent reforms
Finnish local government in the postwar period : the development of the state - local relationship and the free-commune experiment
Communal reform and spheres of influence at the town level in Finnish-speaking southern Ostrobothnia
Hear what the Spirit says to the churches : towards missionary congregations in Europe
The Nordic model : challenged but capable of reform
Breaking free : the transformative power of critical pedagogy
Audit committee accounting expertise and its effects on audit and non-audit services fees
Onko nyt YK:n reformin aika? = Is now the time for UN reform? : Martti Ahtisaari -luento 8.11.2001
Authoritarian modernization in Russia : ideas, institutions, and policies
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state-induced relocation policy
Boundaries, size and performance : a Delphi study on the development of local government structure in Finland
Routledge Handbook of Japanese Culture and Society
Students' perspectives on schooling
Change the world without taking power
From stagnation to forced adjustment : reforms in Greece, 1974-2010
Chinese society on the eve of Tiananmen : the impact of reform
Emerging churches : creating Christian community in postmodern cultures
Japanese governance : beyond Japan Inc
Investing in health : the social and economic benefits of health care innovation
Abstract: The debate over expertice in cultural policy.
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Worship reform : feedback on the service reform carried out in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland in the 1990s
Are libraries obsolete? : an argument for relevance in the digital age
Knowledge & power in the global economy : the effects of school reform in a neoliberal/neoconservative age
Soviet society today
Diagnosing organizations : methods, models and processes
Unparalleled reforms : China's rise, Russia's fall, and the interdependence of transition
Public discourses on education governance and social integration and exclusion : analyses of policy texts in European contexts
New directions in Islamic thought : exploring reform and Muslim tradition
Summary (s. 11-12): Local and regional reform processes in Norden.
The church in the market place
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
"The never-before-reported story of this generation of Arab women, who are questioning authority, changing societies, and leading revolutions. For more than a decade, Katherine Zoepf has lived in or traveled throughout the Arab world, reporting on the lives of women, whose role in the region has never been more in flux. Only a generation ago, female adolescence as we know it in the West scarcely existed in the Middle East. There were only children and married women. Today, young Arab women outnumber men in universities, and a few are beginning to face down religious and social tradition in order to live independently, to delay marriage, and to pursue professional goals. Hundreds of thousands of devout girls and women are attending Qur'anic schools--and using the training to argue for greater freedoms from an Islamic perspective. And, in 2011, young women helped to lead antigovernment protests in the Arab Spring. But their voices have not been heard. The world changes because of wars and terrorist attacks, but it also changes because daughters make different decisions than the ones their mothers made. This is an investigation into the changing lives of this generation of Arab daughters." / Kustantaja.
Everyday life in the North Korean revolution, 1945-1950
