http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2622 survey research
survey research
Taking society's measure : a personal history of survey research
Opportunity and attainment in Australia
Online surveys for dummies
The most important service quality factors in a service encounter in the case-study restaurant: Memphis / Sokos Hotel Helsinki
When even money can't buy - ice sports conditions in Oulu
Sampling file
Conducting cross-national and cross-cultural surveys : papers from the 2005 meeting of the International Workshop on Comparative Survey Design and Implementation (CSDI)
Doing quantitative psychological research : from design to report
Water related diseases are one of the most common reasons for illnesses and even deaths. The most vulnerable groups are small children, as well as adults. The problem is not present only in developing countries but also in developed countries. The United Nations have set goals to halve the amount of people without sustainable access to safe drinking water and basic sanitation by the year 2015. This goal is to be reached and even exceeded at some parts of the world.  In this project, Improvement of Sustainable Water Safety Management and Participatory Planning in Azerbaijan Schools, the aim is to improve the water supply and quality of the drinking water together with the participation of the local people. Azerbaijan is a relatively young country and is still struggling with the history of Soviet Union and trying to build a sustainable infrastructure. During the past few years the environmental issues have become more important and the awareness has increased.  Water safety plan is a tool that can be used for identifying possible risk points in the water supply system and thus improve the safety and reliability. It can be used either for large scale water supply systems as well as in single wells in a small village. In this project the main focus is on children and the school education as the informative channel. Before the actual implementation of the water safety plan, it is important to find out the start point in the project, in this case with baseline survey that was conducted in two of the target villages in rural Azerbaijan. The baseline study showed that the two villages were very different from each other. The problems related to the sanitation were similar but the situation with the drinking water differed in the villages. The local people were aware of the poor quality of the drinking water and sanitation and they were willing to participate in possible improvements according to their ability.
The Shop-in-Shop concept : Case study Kari Aukia Oy
Baseline survey for water safety plan for schools in rural villages of Azerbaijan
Improving organizational surveys : new directions, methods, and applications
Handbook of Web Surveys presents a self-contained guide to methodological issues related to web surveys, covering both theoretical and practical aspects of the topic. The book first approaches the subject of web survey design, addressing the main question: How can an electronic questionnaire be designed such that respondents can complete it on the Internet without introducing (too many) errors? The second portion of the book is devoted to sampling issues and helping readers understanding how proper samples for web surveys can be selected to allow for unbiased estimation of population characteristics. The authors also explore the topics of under-coverage, self-selection, adjustment weighting, and propensity scores as they pertain to effective web survey development. Each chapter follows the same easy-to-follow format. Following an introduction, a description of theory is presented along with key formulae. Next, the discussed theory is applied to a real data set and accompanied with illustrative descriptions. Example sets and exercises are spread throughout each chapter, and a summary provides a brief overview of main points and concepts. Real data is used throughout the book, and a related Web site features additional data sets, interactive simulations, and solutions to exercises.
Creating an Internal Communications Development Plan for Sandvik Mining and Construction
How to conduct your own survey
Analyzing repeated surveys
Customer satisfaction is a solid part of successful business. A company needs to value its existing and potential customers in order to maintain functions, receive profit and stay vital. The aim of this thesis is to provide a programme service and tourism activity enterprise Megazone Tampere information on the present level of customer satisfaction and the experiential image of the enterprise. Suggesting ideas for improvement and development is the main objective of this research. Customer satisfaction has been researched by various authors and theorists in time and there are multiple different approaches to it. In this case quantitative research was conducted as a questionnaire survey and structured interviews supplemented by observation. The collected data is processed with Tixel software and analysed using Experience Pyramid and SERVQUAL scale. The level of customer satisfaction in Megazone Tampere is very good and the enterprise can be seen as experiential. Majority of responses proved that the level of various operations and parts of Megazone Tampere is very good. The experiential image of the company is existent but needs to be systematically developed. The results indicate that further research in customer satisfaction in Megazone Tampere is required in order to follow the impacts of suggested and recommended changes. These recommendations include minor changes in the facilities and reorganising the marketing plan.
Survey research practice
mCreate Care Satisfaction Survey : case Nokia Oyj
Enhancing children's participation in early childhood education through the participatory pedagogy
Online surveys for dummies®
Children's oral health promotion programme in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
Political inquiry : the nature and uses of survey research
Luxembourg Income Study (LIS)
Social survey methods : a fieldguide for development workers
Internet survey as customer satisfaction research method : case: Hercules Finland Oy  -  Tampere Plant
Survey sampling principles
Survey Research Methods
Entering a new market : case Timberwise Oy
Research methods and organization studies
Survey research methods
Role of information in new product development
Encyclopedia of survey research methods
Modern analysis of customer surveys : with applications using R
The total survey error approach : a guide to the new science of survey research
All service situations are influenced by the environment in which the service is provided. The environment is as important of a factor as service and can be perceived positively or negatively. Providing a quality servicescape seems to be becoming a prerequisite for maintaining a competitive edge. Any service minded organization striving for success and profitability should understand the importance of a servicescape.     The Think Tank meeting room has been created in Sweden after a survey on the needs of meeting guests was conducted. Scandic created a concept “MEETING” in order to ensure the same level of standards in all Scandics.     The aim of this study is to establish if the Think Tank brand is suitable for the Finnish market, since no market research has been conducted in Finland before the launch of the product.     This survey has been conducted by using quantitative study as the research method. Statistical data was collected by dealing out questionnaires to the meeting guests that visited the Think Tank room at the Scandic Grand Marina in Helsinki. The measurement tool, SERVICESCAPE together with Feng Shui, was used to analyze the results and findings of the study.     The results of the findings were highly affected by the low respondent rate. Yet some interesting points were found. Some products had a more significant role than others in the meeting room and divided more the opinions of the respondents. According to the results recommendations could be made on minder adjustments to increase the level of satisfaction of the Think Tank room. The statistical data combined with the generally positive feedback of the servicescape indicated that the Think Tank meeting room and its products suit the meeting guests in Filand well.
Using surveys in language programs
Web survey methodology
School culture development in China : perceptions of teachers and principals
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany : the SAGE handbook of internet and online research methods
Processing data : the survey example
Using servicescape to measure the suitability of Think Tank meeting room in Finland
The averaged American : surveys, citizens, and the making of a mass public
Handbook of Web surveys
The survey of library database licensing practices, 2012 edition
Comparative survey analysis
Practical methods for design and analysis of complex surveys
The teacher as interface : teachers of EFL in ICT-rich environments : beliefs, practices, appropriation
Sample survey principles and methods
Customer participation in retail : focus on automated services
Handbook of health survey methods
The development and widespread use of Web surveys have resulted in an outpouring of research on their design. In this volume, Tourangeau, Conrad, and Couper provide a comprehensive summary and synthesis of the literature on this increasingly popular method of data collection. The book includes new integration of the authors' work with other important research on Web surveys, including a meta-analysis of studies that compare reports on sensitive topics in Web surveys with reports collected in other modes of data collection. Adopting the total survey error framework, the book examines sampling and coverage issues, nonresponse, measurement, and the issues involved in combining modes. In addition, the conclusion provides a model for understanding the errors in estimates that combine data collected in more than one mode. Web surveys have several important characteristics that affect their ability to collect accurate survey data. Discussing these in detail, the authors address basic design decisions from input widgets to background colors. They additionally focus on the visual character of Web surveys, on their ability to automatically interact with respondents, and on the Web as a method of self-administration. The Science of Web Surveys is relevant for those with the practical goal of improving their own surveys and those with an interest in understanding an increasingly important method of data collection.
World leisure participation : free time in the global village : a project of the World Leisure and Recreation Association Commission on Research
The silent minority : nonrespondents on sample surveys
Fish atlas of the Celtic Sea, North Sea, and Baltic Sea : based on international research-vessel surveys
Secondary analysis in social research : a guide to data sources and methods with examples
Harmonised data on European Living Conditions
55 : Survey & Questionnaire Design : Collecting Primary Data to Answer Research Questions
Views of the Inuvialuit on sustainable development in the Mackenzie Gas Project in the Inuvialuit Settlement Region, Northwest Territories, Canada
The Chinese : a study of a Hong Kong community
Combining lean thinking and agile software development:how do software-intensive companies use them in practice?
The science of web surveys
The survey research handbook
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Helsinki’s Image as a Tourism Destination in St Petersburg
Poisson mixture sampling in controlling the distribution of response burden in longitudinal and cross section business surveys
Methodological aspects in cross-national research
Service quality has become a strategic tool for many companies, because of the rising trends in the operating environment such as consumerism, media attention, increasing advertising, and promotional and technological progress. Customers' require value for their money which forces the service companies constantly monitor their success as service providers. One of the most critical factors of service quality is the service encounter. It defines the success or the failure of the service process. Huge part of the success or the failure is the front-line staff who face the customers on daily basis. Monitoring the interaction between the customer and the front-line staff offers a company with knowledge that can determine their competitive advantage.  The research problem and the hypotheses of the study are based on five service quality dimensions, labelled as reliability, responsiveness, assurance, empathy and tangibles. The aim of the study is to understand how the front-line staff and the customers of Memphis perceive service quality and which of the dimensions are considered as important in a service encounter. To reach the aim of the study and to provide an answer to the hypotheses and the research question, the study uses the modified version of the SERVQUAL measurement tool which is widely used in measuring service quality perceptions.  The methodology chosen for the study is quantitative in nature. The data collection is carried out by using a structured questionnaire, modified from the original SERVQUAL measurement tool. The questionnaire is targeted to two sample groups: Hesarin Memphis' customers and front-line staff. The sample size of the customers is limited with convenience sampling method and the aim is to get at least 75 responses. Because the sample of the staff is fairly small, all of them are included in the sample which makes it maximum of 15 respondents. The data collection process is scheduled to take two weeks. Finally the results are fed to the SPSS software which is used to analyse and manage large amounts of data.  The empirical study showed that both the front-line staff and the customers perceive service quality fairly positively in Memphis. Also both groups rate the importance of each dimension in a similar fashion. Based on the results it may be concluded that there is no major gap between front-line staffs' and customers' perception of service quality. But because the validity of the study was some what questionable, too much weight should not be put on the results. They should be seen more like a general guide-line than ready made solutions.
Why fo the Finns trust the police?
Feedback for participants in a health survey : feasible and useful
Studying culture through surveys : getting thick descriptions out of paper-thin data
End user survey to improve ERP system support services
The logic of survey analysis
Features of the Z-scoring method in graphical two-dimensional web surveys : the case of ZEF
Survey methods and practices
Practical research : planning and design
Survey research
Population, professional and client views on  the dangerousness of addictions : testing the  familiarity hypothesis
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
Guidelines for baseline surveys and impact assessments
Towards the high quality of population health surveys : standardization and quality control
Survey sampling and measurement
MARS : the monuments at risk survey of England, 1995 : main report
Survey research methods : a reader
The problem with survey research
Survey and opinion research : procedures for processing and analysis
How to sample in surveys
Margins of error : a study of reliability in survey measurement
The nonresponse challenge to surveys and statistics
A companion to survey research
Data construction in social surveys
Cross-national comparative survey research : theory and practice : papers and proceedings of the round table conference on cross-national comparative survey research (Budapest, 25-29 July 1972)
Answering questions : methodology for determining cognitive and communicative processes in survey research
An error profile : employment as measured by the current population survey
Individual preferences, choices and risk perceptions : survey based evidence
Sampling theory of surveys with applications
Survey sampling reference guidelines : introduction to sample design and estimation techniques
Surveying the social world : principles and practice in survey research
The survey research handbook : guidelines and strategies for conducting a survey
Treatment of nonresponse in the cluster sampling with small clusters in the Finnish Labour Force Survey for the European Union
Waiting for justice : part II of a study on detention on remand in the member states of the Council of Europe plus Finland : a survey of regimes and regulations for prisoners awaiting trial
A market research of Jyväskylä from the viewpoint of Stadium Oy
Analysis of complex surveys
Language survey reference guide
Social surveys for social planners
Empowering youth in preventing substance abuse and dependency - implementations of the Soberhead-project directed to the 8th graders in Finland
Business tendency surveys : a handbook
Management of occupational safety and health : an analysis of the findings of the European Survey of Enterprises on New and Emerging Risks (ESENER) : European risk observatory report
Statistical analysis of questionnaires : a unified approach based on R and Stata
Assessment and development of the Degree Programme in Tourism in Tampere University of Applied Sciences
An introduction to survey research and data analysis
From incidental to planned parenthood : results of the second national fertility survey in Belgium
Abstract.
How to conduct surveys : a step-by-step guide
How to conduct organizational surveys : a step-by-step guide
Interviewing : principles and practices
Designing and conducting survey research : a comprehensive guide
Surveying ethnic minorities : the imapct of survey design on data quality
European structure of earnings statistics - the Finnish model
Survey research in the social sciences
The library survey : problems and methods
Survey research for public administration
Doing surveys online
Thinking about answers : the application of cognitive processes to survey methodology
Information systems architecture for national and international statistical offices : guidelines and recommendations
Computer-assisted interviewing
Integrating online survey into ERP system : case: FeedbackDialog Oy
Designing surveys : a guide to decisions and procedures
The analysis of survey data. Vol. 2, Model fitting
Customer satisfaction in experiential Megazone Tampere
Weighting and auxiliary variables in sample surveys
Survey measurement of sensitive attributes
Survey research by telephone
Poisson mixture (PoMix) sampling in coordinating business surveys
The survey of institutional digital repositories, 2012-13 edition
From Brussles to grassroot level
Leslie Kish : selected papers
Reproductive health and fertility in St. Petersburg : report on a survey of 18-44 old women in 2004
