http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26214 Georgian language literature
Georgian language literature
An international Shota Rustaveli Symposium : history, insight, poetry : symposium programme : abstracts of papers, exhibitions and general information
The "Georgica" collection of the Helsinki University Library
Anthology of Georgian poetry
When the elephant broke out of the zoo : a festschrift for Donald Rayfield
" War is raging in Georgia, Russian fighter planes are thundering overhead, and yet, for some, the falling bombs cause no more impact than the slight ripple moving through the purified water of their swimming pools, or the rattling of a spoon in their cappuccino cups. Filtered through the bleary and cynical mind of Shako—a journalist famed for his appearance in Georgian Pepsi ads—Adibas is a tragic satire describing the progressive falsification of his life, invaded by consumer goods, consumer sex, consumer carnage. A “war novel” without a single battle scene, Zaza Burchuladze's English-language debut anatomizes the Western world's ongoing “feast in the time of plague.” " -- (Dalkey Archive Press)
Vano and Niko : and other stories
The literature express : [a novel]
The novel of the famous Georgian writer, poet and playwright Tamaz Chiladze focuses on moral problems/issues, arisen as a result of too great a self-assuredness of psychologists. Its main character is an up-to-now successful psychotherapist, whose wife has left him. One day she suddenly realised that her marriage is nothing more than "fact/reality born out of habit" and her family is a branch of a hospital. For her husband she wasn't a beloved wife but just a patient. The heroine finds an exit from the vicious circle of misunderstanding and insensitivity.
The Brueghel moon : a novel
Presumption : An Entertainment
"This is, in brief, the story of a swindler: a Georgian Felix Krull, or perhaps a cynical Don Quixote, named Kvachi Kvachantiradze. He is a womanizer, cheat, perpetrator of insurance fraud, bank robber, associate of Rasputin, filmmaker, revolutionary, and pimp. Though originally denounced as pornographic, Kvachi's tale is one of the great classics of twentieth-century Georgian literature--and a hilarious romp to boot" --
" A young man travels from Georgia to Karabakh, a contested region between Armenia and Azerbaijan, in order to buy cheap drugs. Taken prisoner first by the Azeris and then by the Armenians, he spends long enough away from home that he finds he isn't really in such a hurry to escape. Is there anything waiting for him back home, so soon after the end of Georgia's own war, where he's weighed down by an alcoholic father and a pregnant girlfriend his family will never accept? What is freedom, and might it be enjoyed just as well in captivity as at large? One of the best-selling novels ever released in Georgia, and the basis for two feature films, this is a book about the tricky business of finding—and defining—liberty. " -- (Dalkey Archive Press)
History, insight, poetry : an International Shota Rustaveli Symposium : April 11-12, 1991, University of Turku, Turku, Finland : symposium proceedings, preprints of papers
Desire and Duty : a sequel to Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice
Journey to Karabakh : [a novel]
Contemporary Georgian fiction
" A bevy of mediocre writers are invited to a seminar aboard a specially chartered train, and this novel tracks their progress across Europe: bitter, bickering, and self-absorbed. Aboard this Literature Express is a Georgian author whose love for the wife of his own Polish translator seems as doomed as his hopes for international success; worse still, it seems all the novelists congregated on The Literature Express intend to write their next books about their time on the train . . . Can our Georgian author compete? Is there any hope for contemporary literature, or, barring that, at least his own little love affair? The Literature Express is a riotous parable about the state of literary culture, the European Union, and our own petty ambitions—be they professional or amorous. " -- (Dalkey Archive Press)
Vano and Niko resembles a catalogue of all the relationships that are possible between people. It is a parable that demonstrates that not only humans but all living beings are engaged in the search for the other. Peter Handke, who met Erlom Akhvlediani in 1975, described the parables as "exhilarating and at the same time paradoxical"; in his view they show us the redemptive "third way," that of waylessness. Travelling this third way calls for courage and the Vano and Niko parables therefore have something ominous about them. Vano and Niko was one of Akhvlediani's earlier works, written in the 1950s. Today Vano and Niko has cult status and the book is famous throughout Georgia, even forming part of the philosophy curriculum. This edition of Vano and Niko includes the two other parts to Akhvlediani's trilogy of parables: The Story of the Lazy Mouse and The Man Who Lost His Self and Other Stories.
Short stories about men and women, love and hate, sex and disappointment, cynicism and hope - perhaps unique in that none of the stories reveal the time or place in they occur: the world is too small now for it to matter. A disillusioned woman, the narrator doesn't mince words about the imperfection of her life, her relationships, her prospects; yet what might in other hands seem discouraging is presented with such humor the reader can't help but feel there may yet be hope...for most of us.
