http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2620 sacred
sacred
Sacralization of the urban footpath, with special reference to pavement shrines in Chennai City, South India
The sacred and the profane : the nature of religion
In the article the issue of sacrality is explored from the points of view of cultural anthropology and cognitive science of religion. Culture-specific contents of meaning bestowed on the notion of "sacred" are not approached as religious representations in which some theologically defined agent, metaphysical entity or otherworldly level of existence is believed to manifest itself to human beings. Instead, various attributions of sacrality are explored as representations of the general mental capacity of human beings to set apart places and sites in specific locations and points of terrain in local topography in order to mark ritual spaces and establish rules of conduct for their maintenance as well as for specific social valus and categorizations on which the inviolability of behavioral norms is based.
Christian initiation and baptism in the Holy Spirit : evidence from the first eight centuries
The article focuses on the question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings, with particular reference to the concept Old Norse hof . I survey the semantics of this term in written sources, in poetic traditions, in the Sagas of the Icelanders and in place names. My hypothesis is that the term does not refer to a static phenomenon, but rather its meaning varies across different sources and contexts. It is therefore often difficult to apply it as a general concept, or to connect it with a specific type of archaeological find or structure, as has occasionally been the case in the archaeology of religion.
The round house
Empire and Holy War in the Mediterranean : the galley and maritime conflict between the Habsburg and Ottoman empires
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 37, Pahlavi texts, Part 4
The Palamite idea of perichoresis of the persons of the trinity in the light of contemporary neo-Palamite analysis
THE SACRED AND THE PROFANE
The Filioque
Law and the sacred
Carl Schmitt and the sacred origins of law
Categories of Sacredness in Europe, 1500-1800 : conference at the Norwegian Institute in Rome 11-14 October 2001
Saints of the impossible : Bataille, Weil, and the politics of the sacred
(Dis)Believing and belonging: investigating the narratives of young British atheists
Holy Spirit and salvation : the sources of Christian theology
The Arabs at war in Afghanistan
The trap
The Comforter
Saints, legends and forgeries : the formation of the historiographical image of Valaam Monastery
The craft of the connoisseur : Bernt Notke, Saint Anne and the work of hands
The article discusses methodological similarities and differences between Uno Harva and Mircea Eliade, with the objective of reassessing the value of their comparativist programs for the study of religion in general and of 'religious' cognition in particular. The Finnish scholar Uno Holmberg-Harva (1882-1949) was a predecessor to Eliade as a scholar of Asian and European religious history. During the first three decades of the twentieth century, when the academic study of religion was still maturing in Europe, Harva expanded considerably the field of the ethnological study of religion with his religio-phenomenological monographs Der Baum des Lebens (1922), Finno-Ugric, Siberian Mythology (1927) and Die Religiösen Vorstellungen der Altaischen Völker (1938). Harva was a towering figure in Finnish scholarship. Originally a Protestant theologian and Lutheran minister, he resigned from his ecclesiastical position to become a historian of religion, field ethnographer, ethnosociologist and folklorist under the tutelage of Edward Westermarck and Kaarle Krohn. Harva's influence on the work of Eliade has been almost entirely ignorant by historiographers of Religious Studies.
The humble sublime : secularity and the politics of belief
Talking to the enemy : violent extremism, sacred values, and what it means to be human
Priestess of Avalon
International perspectives on pilgrimage studies : itineraries, gaps, and obstacles
Book V of St Birgitta's Uppenbarelser edited from MS Cod. Ups. C61
Holy war
Helena Augusta : the mother of Constantine the Great and the legend of her finding of the true cross
Ritual and belief in Morocco
Developing Domestic Conference Tourism at Pyhätunturi Leisure Tourism Centre
God's poor
The theatre of the Universe : ritual and art in Tenganan Pegeringsingan : Bali
Vladimir the Russian Viking
Karelian monasteries and pilgrimage in oral and written narrative : institutional and "folk" representations of the sacred
The holy mushroom : evidence of mushrooms in Judeo-Christianity
Saint Louis : the life of Louis IX of France
What is it that we call 'religion'? : analyzing the epistemological status of the sacred as a scholarly category in comparative religion
Jihad and Jew-hatred : Islamism, Nazism and the roots of 9/11
The numinous and modernity : an interpretation of Rudolf Otto's philosophy of religion
Medieval crossover : reading the secular against the sacred
Editorial : the sacred
Johannes Messenius, Chronologia Sanctae Birgittae : a critical edition with introduction and commentary
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
How to win a cosmic war : confronting radical Islam
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 47, Pahlavi texts, Part 5
Pyhä-Luosto : winter 2012-2013
Greek ritual poetics
The sacred and the secular in medieval literature have too often been perceived as opposites, or else relegated to separate but unequal spheres. In Medieval Crossover: Reading the Secular against the Sacred, Barbara Newman offers a new approach to the many ways that sacred and secular interact in medieval literature, arguing that (in contrast to our own cultural situation) the sacred was the normative, unmarked default category against which the secular always had to define itself and establish its niche. Newman refers to this dialectical relationship as "crossover" - which is not a genre in itself, but a mode of interaction, an openness to the meeting or even merger of sacred and secular in a wide variety of forms. Newman sketches a few of the principles that shape their interaction: the hermeneutics of "both/and," the principle of double judgment, the confluence of pagan material and Christian meaning in Arthurian romance, the rule of convergent idealism in hagiographic romance, and the double-edged sword in parody. Medieval Crossover explores a wealth of case studies in French, English, and Latin texts that concentrate on instances of paradox, collision, and convergence. Newman convincingly and with great clarity demonstrates the widespread applicability of the crossover concept as an analytical tool, examining some very disparate works.These include French and English romances about Lancelot and the Grail; the mystical writing of Marguerite Porete (placed in the context of lay spirituality, lyric traditions, and the Romance of the Rose); multiple examples of parody (sexually obscene, shockingly anti-Semitic, or cleverly litigious); and René of Anjou's two allegorical dream visions. Some of these texts are scarcely known to medievalists; others are rarely studied together. Newman's originality in her choice of these primary works will inspire new questions and set in motion new fields of exploration for medievalists working in a large variety of disciplines, including literature, religious studies, history, and cultural studies.
King Saint Stephen of Hungary
Fodor's Jordan and the Holy Land
The Christ and the Spirit : collected essays. Vol. 2, Pneumatology
Borders : of boundaries, transitions and transgressions : a response to Gavin Flood
The Holy Spirit
The production and consumption of sacred substances in Irish funerary tradition
Saint George : champion of Christendom and patron saint of England
The sacred in life and art
Saint George and the dragon
Rudolf Otto and the synthesis of the rational and the non-rational in the idea of the Holy : some encounters in theory and practice
The crypt : probing the obscure administration of cultural memory
Siddur Sim Shalom : a prayerbook for shabbat, festivals, and weekdays
Beyond the impasse : toward a pneumatological theology of religions
Mircea Eliade and the perception of the sacred in the profane : intention, reduction, and cognitive theory
Jihad in classical and modern Islam : a reader
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
Mircea Eliade is, or at least has been, the most heavily crticised scholar of religions. A number of critics have been discontented with his 'uncritical' way of using data to illustrate or assert his insights. It has been said that Eliade's presuppositions about the nature of reality and religion are not scientific but metaphysical or theological. Eliade's sympathisers, on the other hand, have tried to show that he does after all have a method, and that a careful reading demonstrates that either his presuppositions are no more unscientific that those of anyone else or they can be rethought in a scientifically acceptable way. My starting point is both sympathetic and critical. My question is, what is Eliade actually attempting to understand when he states that he wants to understand religion at its own level? He himself states that he wants to unmask the 'revelations' of the sacred, or - as he also says - the transcendent, and their significance for modern man, who has lost his comprehension of both the sacred and its meaning. This he can do, he argues, by recapturing the way in which 'primitive' and 'archaic' cultures and ancient and modern traditions outside mainstream religions have used symbols to establish a patterned, harmonised view of the world, or - as Eliade prefers to say - reality. Both Eliade's critics and his sympathisers presumably agree that Eliade's presuppositions include statements about the 'essence' of religion, about the nature of reality, and about the ways religion operates, or should operate, in human life, or mode-of-being-in-the-world; they also agree that one of Eliade's main concern in religious studies is with symbols. In my article, I deal with these four points (essence, reality, mode-of-being and symbols), proposing a reading of Eliade which emphasises the scholar's encounter with the subject and not the 'essence' of the matter under study. In my conclusion I suggest that studying the ways in which humans use symbols, which they connect with the 'real' to construct a 'mode-of-being' - or, as William Paden put it, a 'world' - is one way of going 'beyond' Eliade.
The cult of St Olav and the Dominican convent of Turku
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
Landscapes of the Holy Land : Israel, Jordan, Sinai : a countryside guide
Ancient-forest invertebrates of the Pyhän-Häkki national park in Central Finland
Religion and science as forms of life : anthropological insights into reason and unreason
Design, construction and commissioning of the EMMA experiment
Theology, religious studies and the secular academy : rhetoric and the control of meanings
On the Holy Spirit
Sorcerer's apprentices and the 'will to figuration' : the ambigous heritage of the Collège de Sociologie
Sancta Barbara, patron saint of miners : an account drawn from popular traditions
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
Old masks, new faces : religion and Latino identities
Rethinking the sacred : the notions of 'human body' and 'territory' in conceptualizing religion
The Holy Spirit : a guide to christian theology
An analysis of the Catholic Charismatic Renewal. Describes the movement's internal diversity and traces its development and expansion across 30 years. Offers insights into the contemporary nature of rationality, the transformation of space and time in Charismatic daily life, gender discipline, the blurring of boundaries between ritual and everyday life, the sense of community forged through shared ritual participation, and the creativity of language and metaphor in prophetic utterance. Charisma, Csordas proposes, is a collective self-process, located not in the personality of a leader, but in the rhetorical resources mobilized by participants in ritual performance. His examination of ritual language and ritual performance illuminates this theory in relation to the postmodern condition of culture.
Nation and its territory as ritualized space : examining the concept of the sacred as a boundary marker in Finland
Until the spirit comes : the spirit of God in the book of Isaiah
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
Obedience and freedom in Greek monastic theology : St Mark the Monk and St Symeon the New Theologian
The sacred orders of Finnish political discourse on the revision of the blasphemy law
Rag and bone : a journey among the world's holy dead
Theophrast Paracelsus : medieval alchemist
Violence and the sacred
This collection of state of the art interpretations of the thought of Rene Girard follows on from the volume Violence, Desire, and the Sacred: Girard's Mimetic Theory Across the Disciplines (2012). The previous collection has been acclaimed for demonstrating and showcasing Girard's mimetic theory at its inter-disciplinary best by bringing together scholars who apply Girard's insights in different fields. This new volume builds on and extends the work of that earlier collection by moving into new areas such as psychology, politics, classical literature, national literature, and practical applications of Girard's theory in pastoral/spiritual care, peace-making and religious thought and practice.
Neimed : exploring social distinctions and sacredness in early Irish legal sources
Looks at the extremist Sunni jihadist group and argues that they present a great danger to the United States and the world, looking at the origin of the group, its objectives, and its unlawful terrorist strategies.
With regard to urban footpaths, there are two actors with different interests, the municipal authorities who, in theory, pursue town planning and maintain footpaths for the convenience of pedestrians, and the poor homeless living illegally on footpaths with the constant fear of being forced to leave. There exists a clear difference in stand-point between authorities and pavement dwellers on the use of footpaths: the former has a power to keep the public space free from encroachment but the latter finds the footpaths a space advantageous for living. The discussion focuses on pavement shrines that have become more ubiquitous in Chennai city, South India, since the 1990s and are mostly huilt and maintained by the socially and economically weaker sections of the city population. Footpath shrines may have and represent a power of resistance against authorities in the name of the sacred places they have been erected on, and are thus a weapon of the weak in their tactics for survival in the city. This ethnigraphic example holds an important theoretical connotation in terms of the emergence of a dynamic concept of sacred by suggesting that the edge or boudary of the dominant ideological social space or the boudary between the legal and the illegal in its context embraces a potentiality of producing sacrality, as is suggested by Veikko Anttonen's rethinking of the notion of sacred from the viewpoint of cognitive categorization.
Piispa Henrikin surmavirsi : Suomalaisen kirjallisuuden seuran kansanrunousarkiston vanhin käsikirjoitus = The ballad of the death of Bishop Henry : the oldest manuscript in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
István Király emlékkiállítás = Commemorative exhibition of King Stephen
"Betwixt and between" : theorising liminality and sacredness in Buile Suibhne
dents of cultural memory: the crypt and its various analogies to the question of remembrance without memory.
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 24, Pahlavi texts, Part 3
Aboriginal woman : sacred and profane
Ecology and the sacred : engaging the anthropology of Roy A. Rappaport
The sacred game : the role of the sacred in the genesis of modern literary fiction
Animals of the soul : sacred animals of the Oglala Sioux
The Pyhä-Luosto Fell area and the Luosto Amethyst Mine : excursion guide, 24 August 2011 : 25th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2011, 22-26 August 2011 Rovaniemi, Finland
The question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings : with particular reference to Old Norse hof
The Holy Spirit in the world : a global conversation
Understanding violent radicalisation : terrorist and jihadist movements in Europe
Revelations : Saint Birgitta of Sweden
Man and the sacred
Rodulfi Glabri Historiarum libri quinque = The five books of the histories
The twelve children of Paris
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
Sociology of the sacred : religion, embodiment and social change
Tales of the sacred and the supernatural
Religion : the basics
Borderlands saints : secular sanctity in Chicano/a and Mexican culture
Pneumatology : the Holy Spirit in ecumenical, international, and contextual perspective
Does the sacred make a difference? : category formation in comparative religion
Violence, desire, and the sacred. Volume 2, René Girard and sacrifice in life, love, and literature
Pyhä-Luosto : winter 2013-2014
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
Transcending bodily and territorial boundaries : interpreting shamanism as a form of religion
Durkheim in dialogue : a centenary celebration of the elementary forms of religious life
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 5, Pahlavi texts, Part 1
The notion of "sacred" in language, history, culture and cognition
Toward a cognitive theory of the sacred : an ethnographic approach
Defining the holy : sacred space in medieval and early modern Europe
The sacred hilltop : a hermeneutical case study on the Svayambhū site in Kathmandu
The postmodern saints of France : refiguring 'the Holy' in contemporary French philosophy
Angels fear : towards an epistemology of the sacred
The golden epistle of Saint Bernarde : four revelations of Saint Bridget
Where mortals dwell : a Christian view of place for today
The fivefold ministry and the church
Landscapes of urban memory : the sacred and the civic in India's high-tech city
The rise of ISIS : a threat we can't ignore
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Cry for luck : sacred song and speech among the Yurok, Hupa, and Karok Indians of northwestern California
Ideal and image : Saint Birgit in her earliest lives
Angelomorphic pneumatology : Clement of Alexandria and other early Christian witnesses
Sacred place in early medieval Neoplatonism
The Johannine paraclete in the Church Fathers : a study in the history of exegesis
Ritual and belief in Morocco. Volume I
Elisabeth of Schönau : a twelfth-century visionary
A bestiary for Saint Jerome : animal symbolism in European religious art
Early English text society : original series. 178, The revelations of saint Birgitta
Labyrinth : The war on terror, 2001 - ?
The crisis of Islam : holy war and unholy terror
The rage and the pride
This article examines how Finnish politicians constructed the legal protection of religion and the relationship between religion and society during the process of revising the blasphemy and religious insult sections of the Finnish criminal code in the late 1990s. In doing so, it analyzes their discourses on religion and the sacred.
Sacrality and worldmaking : new categorial perspectives
Symbols of the sacred
Jean Genet versus Saint Genet : searching for redemption among the 'unredeemable' / Colby Dickinson -- To accept in order to create : Albert Camus / Elisabeth Bayley -- Levinas : of God : who comes to mind? / Michael Purcell -- St Maurice de la passion du Dehors / Kevin Hart -- Of Michel Foucault (who may yet become St Paul) / Ward Blanton -- St Gilles between the divine and the demonic / Clayton Crockett -- À Saint Jacques / Robyn Horner -- Divine dissipation : criminal sanctity and the atheological abrupt in Georges Bataille / Charlie Blake -- St Lyotard on the differend/difference love can make / Phillip E. Davis -- Paul Ricoeur and the symbolism of sainthood : from imitation to innovation / Todd S. Mei -- Saint versus hero : Girard's undoing of romantic hagiology / Grant Kaplan -- Holy Mary, holy desire : Luce Irigaray and saintly daughters / Phyllis H. Kaminski -- A (w)holy human subject? : saintliness and antiphilosophy in the work of Alain Badiou / Meghan Helsel -- La nouvelle philosophie ... : on the philosophical significance of sanctity in Jean-Yves Lacoste's Experience and the absolute / W. Chris Hackett -- The night of living flesh and sainthood in Michel Henry / Joseph Rivera -- The unknown saint : reflections on Jean-Luc Marion's understanding of holiness / Petra Elaine Turner -- Laruelle and the messiah before the saints / Anthony Paul Smith.
Space, body, and the notion of boundary : a category-theoretical approach to religion
Pyhä-Luosto : winter 2014-2015
Mircea Eliade : from magic to myth
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
A fury for God : the Islamist attack on America
Rethinking 'religious' cognition : the Eliadean notion of the sacred in the light of the legacy of Uno Harva
"From the mid to the late 20th century various French thinkers have at times toyed with the label of 'the saint', applying it to friends, colleagues, the revered and even the worshipped such as Genet, Sartre, Camus or Foucault. Despite this profaning of the term, however, there are many subtle truths which emerge from its usage among such writers. This volume is devoted to exploring certain varied notions of 'the saint' in recent French philosophical and literary thought from within a theological context, offering insights and valuable contributions toward how we understand sainthood in cultural, philosophical and religious terms. Each essay focuses on the convergence of a particular author's work and their various (re)formulations of 'saintliness' in their writings, whether this concept is directly expressed in their writings or not. In general, the aim of the volume is to develop a critical engagement between each authors' philosophical worldview and historical notions of sainthood, such that we are capable of providing new understandings of what a 'saint' could be said to be in our world today." --Publisher's description.
From reality to subject : a sympathetic, yet critical reading of Eliade
Sacred
Language, charisma, and creativity : ritual life in the Catholic charismatic renewal
The para/klhtoj in the Gospel of John
A sense of the holy : an introduction to the thought of P. T. Forsyth through his writing
Misquoting Muhammad : the challenge and choices of interpreting the Prophet's legacy
How to win a cosmic war : confronting radical islam
Crusade and jihad : origins, history, aftermath /cMalcolm
Welcome, Holy Spirit : a study of charismatic renewal in the Church
Symbolism, the sacred, and the arts
Society and the holy in late antiquity
The Holy Spirit and mission : report of the CWME Orthodox Advisory Group, Holy Cross Orthodox School of Theology, Boston, June 17-24, 1990.
Language, charisma, and creativity : the ritual life of a religious movement
Can belief be taken for granted when the modern self is now so thoroughly cut off from the transcendent? The philosopher Charles Taylor has argued, in his influential work A Secular Age, that it cannot. But theologian Ronald F. Thiemann, likewise a prominent public intellectual, asserts - against Taylor - that people can yet find divine significance in the ordinary and everyday as much as in structured faith and worship. Thiemann's subtle idea of the humble sublime hinges on a notion of sacred immanence, or what he calls 'sacramental realism': of holiness present in the hidden. Finding continuity between theological and overtly 'secular' writers, he shows that the late medieval and early modern eras gave rise to the persistent idea that God may be found not just where he might be expected to be, but also in his opposite. Discussing in turn Luther, realistic painting and Charles Taylor's overarching narrative in A Secular Age, the author then pursues the theme of the humble sublime in the literary and social critical works of Anna Akhmatova, Langston Hughes, George Orwell and Albert Camus. He argues passionately in favour, even in a secular context, of the idea of sacred worth as a vital component of modern identity. This powerful melding of secular and sacred has a strong ethical and political dimension, especially in resisting tyranny. Thiemann's final book will appeal to all those committed to sacred value, whether agnostics, atheists or believers.
Substitution, expiation and the idiom of blood in Ko'a sacrificing : comparative issues in Austroneasian ethnography
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 18, Pahlavi texts, Part 2
Saint Nektarios : a saint for our times
Ecce monstrum : Georges Bataille and the sacrifice of form
Loci sacri : understanding sacred places
Holiness : past and present
Holy Spirit : growth of a biblical tradition
St. Henry of Finland : an Anglo-Scandinavian saint
