http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26221 rotors
rotors
High-speed solid-rotor induction machine : calculation program
Applications and procurement of permanent magnet materials in wind power
Diagnostics of induction machine rotor faults using analysis of stator signals
Mathematical models and stability analysis of three-phase synchronous machines
Effects of slotting and unipolar flux on magnetic pull in a two-pole induction motor with an extra four-pole stator winding
"This book covers using practical computational techniques for simulating behavior of rotational structures and then using the results to improve fidelity and performance. Applications of rotor dynamics are associated with important energy industry machinery, such as generators and wind turbines, as well as airplane engines and propellers. This book presents techniques that employ the finite element method for modeling and computation of forces associated with the rotational phenomenon. The authors also discuss state-of-the-art engineering software used for computational simulation, including eigenvalue analysis techniques used to ensure numerical accuracy of the simulations"--
Rotor pilot project on M/S Estraden of Bore fleet
Mechanical vibrations : active and passive control
Multibody models for examination of touchdown bearing systems
Dynamics of rotating machines
Broadband excitation in the system identification of active magnetic bearing rotor systems
Mathematical models and stability analysis of induction motors under sudden changes of load
Development of rotor for permanent magnet assisted synchronous reluctance motor
Computational techniques of rotor dynamics with the finite element method
In this work a completely new wind assisted propulsion technology for commercial  shipping is introduced. The rotor sail solution by Norsepower Ltd. was installed on M/S  Estraden from Bore Ltd fleet. Rotor sails are essentially improved Flettner - rotors with  full automation. Although the basic principle of Flettner- rotors has been known for a  long time, this was the  rst time that a rotor has been retro tted on to a ship and made  commercially available.  Since the beginning of 2015 the sulphur oxide (SOx) emissions are regulated in the Baltic  Sea, the North Sea and in the English Channel. Instead of the traditional heavy fuel oil  (HFO), existing ships are now forced to use more expensive low - sulphur content HFO, change their engines to work with marine diesel oil (MDO) or to install scrubbers that  eliminate the SOx compounds from the exhaust gas. New builds can be made to work  with environmentally friendly liquid natural gas (LNG).  The bunker costs will rise despite the method applied. Even before, with the traditional,  cheaper HFO, the fuel costs were remarkably high, forcing the ship owners to search for  savings on other operating costs. Thus it is essential to  nd a way to reduce the bunker  costs. Already optimization programs are used to minimize the consumption by calculating  optimal trim, selecting the best route based on weather and currents, adjusting the travel  speed between the way points etc.  With the use of Flettner rotors it is possible to obtain notable savings, up to 8 % per rotor. They are completely independent, almost maintenance free and programmed to  work without manual adjusting or crew members attending. They are fully automated  and no special training or course is required from the user. Also, they can be installed on  board during normal harbour stop without interruption or delays in the normal schedules.  Their payback period is so short, that they can be installed even on older ships.  Some minor alterations have been made on this on-line version. The whole work is available in the SAMK library upon request.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
