http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26239 fantasy games
fantasy games
The witcher III : wild hunt : PC DVD
Warhammer fantasy roleplay
A mighty barbarian leads a horde of savages against his blood-sworn foes. A reluctant rebel pilots his star-fighter against a galactic empire. A party of adventurers raids the tomb of an ancient lich. The Savage Worlds game engine handles all those tales and more- from dungeon crawls to high-speed chases to mass battles- quickly and easily. This latest printing of the award-winning, best-selling Savage Worlds rules combines numerous new powers, settling rules, situation rules, and updates into one convenient, full-color book. Featuring all new art and design notes from the creator, Savage Worlds Deluxe is Fast! Furious! Fun! – Kirjan takakansi.
"In spite or rather because of their depiction of other worlds allegedly disconnected from our own, these texts are able to actualize political attitudes. Instead of categorizing fantasy either as conservative or progressive, the essays suggest that its generic peculiarity allows the emergence of productive forms of oscillation between these extremes"--
Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone: the game
Player's handbook : [Dungeons & Dragons]
Monster manual : [Dungeons & Dragons]
Arcania : the complete tale : Xbox 360
Gurps discworld also : return to the turtle
Dungeons & Dragons : [5th ed.] Dungeon master's guide
The Dresden files roleplaying game. Volume one : Your story
Game of thrones : PlayStation 3
In real life
"This work explores tabletop role-playing game (TRPG) as a genre separate from computer role-playing games. The relationship of TRPGs to other games is examined, as well as the influence of Dungeons & Dragons as a tabletop module, a computer game, and a novel. The text also explores wider cultural influences that surround tabletop gamers"--Provided by publisher.
Middle-Earth : shadow of Mordor : PS3
The heart of the wild
The Deryni adventure game
Hammers of the god
"Analyzes paratextual board games--particularly games based on film, television, and books--as unique media texts"--
The book of shadows : the Mage players guide : the sourcebook for players and storytellers of Mage
Vornheim : the complete city kit
A Study in Emerald is a board game inspired by the Neil Gaiman story of the same name. The premise is simple, the year is 1881 and the ‘Old Ones’ have been ruling the earth for over seven hundred years. Although most of humanity has accepted these monstrous rulers, there is a growing underground movement to overthrow the regime, labeled the Restorationists. A secret war is being fought around the cities of the Europe and the New World between agents of the Restorationists and those loyal to the powers that be. (Valmistajan sivuilta)
Lightning returns : final fantasy XIII : Xbox 360
The house of R'lyeh : five scenarios based on tales by H. P. Lovecraft
The art of Dragon Age : Inquisition
Dark souls : prepare to die edition : Xbox 360
Percy Jackson & the lightning thief : Nintendo DS
Devil may cry HD collection : Xbox 360.
The functions of role-playing games : how participants create community, solve problems and explore identity
Necrons
World of warcraft : sheet music anthology : piano solos/piano, vocal
The sky : the art of Final fantasy VII-X. 1997-2001
Middle-Earth : shadow of Mordor : Xbox 360
Sword art online : Girls' ops. 001
Winx Club : saving Althea : Nintendo DS
Isle of the unknown
Skaven : a Warhammer armies supplement
Polaris : chivalric tragedy at the utmost north
Lamentations of the Flame princess : weird fantasy role-playing
The legend of Zelda : twilight princess : Wii
The witcher III : wild hunt : PlayStation 4
Confrontation : PC DVD-ROM
Tales of Symphonia : chronicles : PS3
Sartar: Kingdom of Heroes is the definitive guide to the classic setting of Dragon Pass, previously explored in such games as the award-winning computer game King of Dragon Pass, the classic fantasy wargame Dragon Pass. It contains everything you need for a HeroQuest campaign set amongst the storm-worshipping tribes of Dragon Pass, as well as an epic campaign arc for your heroes.
Dark souls : prepare to die edition : PS3
A world of darkness : mummy
Chaos space marines
The legend of Zelda : the wind waker : HD : [official game guide]
Shadow knight
World of warcraft : chronicle. Volume 1
Dungeons & dragons: unearthed arcana
Game of thrones : Xbox 360
The legend of Zelda : Hyrule historia
The witcher III : wild hunt : Xbox One
Love letter : the Hobbit: the battle of the five armies edition
A world of darkness : the promised land
RuneQuest legendary heroes
The sky : the art of Final fantasy I-III. 1987-1990
Mage : the ascension
Ogre Kingdoms : a Warhammer armies supplement
Dragon's dogma : PlayStation 3
Politics in fantasy media : essays on ideology and gender in fiction, film, television and games
Achtung! Cthulhu : keeper's guide to the secret war
Winx Club : saving Alfea : Nintendo DS
The creation of narrative in tabletop role-playing games
The Resistance : Avalon
Small world
The hunters hunted : the battle is joined
Dungeons & Dragons: book of exalted deeds
Middle-Earth : shadow of Mordor : Xbox One
Dungeon crawl classics : role playing game. glory & gold won by sorcery & sword
Dwarfs : a Warhammer armies supplement
A study in emerald
Arcania : the complete tale : PS3
XCOM : the board game
Sartar : kingdom of heroes : dangerous outlanders
The witcher III : wild hunt : PS4
Trine 2 : Collector`s edition : PC/MAC
High elves
"This book examines the archetypes and concepts within the fantasy gaming genre alongside the roles and functions of the game players themselves. Other topics include: how The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings helped shape fantasy gaming; the community-based fellowship embraced by players; the origins of gamebooks and interactive fiction; and the evolution of online gaming"--Provided by publisher.
R.A.W : realms of ancient war : PC DVD-ROM
Paris has fallen. New York is a pile of rubble spilling into the Atlantic. Alien attacks against Nanjing and Changzhou prompt widespread panic throughout the streets of Shanghai. Defense satellites detect UFOs in orbit over Mexico, Russia, and Brazil. Military responses have proven ineffectual. Fear and anxiety lead to widespread riots. Human civilization stands upon the brink of collapse... You are humanity’s last hope. (Valmistajan sivuilta)
Middle-Earth : shadow of Mordor : PS4
The evolution of fantasy role-playing games
Achtung! Cthulhu : investigator's guide to the secret war
Dragon Age : The world of Thedas. Volume 1
Dungeons & Dragons. Monster manual
Metal, magic and lore
The sky : the art of Final fantasy IV-VI. 1991-1994
Sartar : kingdom of heroes
Monster Island : an adventure setting for RuneQuest 6th edition
13th age : a fantasy roleplaying game
World of warcraft : ultimate visual guide
Sexuality in role-playing games
Devil may cry HD collection : PS3
New directions in the European fantastic
Game play : paratextuality in contemporary board games
The witcher 2 : assassins of kings : enhanced edition : Xbox 360.
Scarred lands campaign setting : Ghelspad
