http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26250 software sector
software sector
Not accidental revolutionaries : essays on open source software production and organizational change
Signaling and screening with open source programming
Software business models : a framework for analyzing software industry
Value creation in collaboration between software suppliers and customers : suppliers’ perspective
Value creation by enterprise systems value added resellers : the case of PLM systems VARs
SaaS entrepreneur : the definitive guide to succeeding in your cloud application business
Crystal Reports 2008 : the complete reference
Case study on Russian offshore software development : strategy in the making
The business of software : what every manager, programmer, and entrepreneur must know to thrive and survive in good times and bad
Entering the Swedish market via reseller channel : case M-files
The Art of song (low) : Selected songs and arias for grade 8
The Art of song : Selected songs for grades 1-5 / by Beethoven, Brahms, Mendelssohn, Mozart, Schubert, Schumann
Differences in organizational cultures : a challenge for IT projects
Software cooperation in the People's Republic of China
Measurement-based value alignment and reasoning about organizational goals and strategies : studies with the ICT industry
SOFTWARE IN TOURISM INDUSTRY : A Study On Emerging New Niches Of Software In Hotel Industry
Dynamic capabilities in small software firms
The Art of song
Internationalization handbook for the software business
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The dark side of software engineering : evil on computing projects
Microsoft secrets : how the world's most powerful software company creates technology, shapes markets, and manages people
Apps have changed the way we communicate, shop, play, interact and travel and their phenomenal popularity has presented possibly the biggest business opportunity in history. In How to Build a Billion Dollar App, serial tech entrepreneur George Berkowski - one of the minds behind the internationally successful taxi hailing app Hailo - gives you exclusive access to the secrets behind the success of the select group of apps that have achieved billion-dollar success. Berkowski draws exclusively on the inside stories of the billion-dollar app club members, including Instagram, Whatsapp, Snapchat, Candy Crush, Square, Viber, Clash of Clans, Angry Birds, Uber and Flipboard to provide all the information you need to create your own spectacularly successful mobile business.
The Microsoft edge : insider strategies for building success
The new Broadway song companion : an annotated guide to musical theatre literature by voice type and song style
Towards increased productivity and quality in software development using agile, lean and collaborative approaches
Redesigning Futurice : introducing service design into an agile software contractor
The effect of the People's Republic of China on Finland's information and communication technology companies
Software linking as alteration : framework for assessment under European copyright law
Distributing partners research for EC-tools
Software project management for dummies
Economic contribution of copyright-based industries in Finland 2005-2008
The Art of song (high) : Selected songs and arias for grade 8
Planned obsolescence in B2B software industry : a case study
The impact of referents on entrepreneurship : growth of small and medium sized software companies in three Finnish regions
Software product management and pricing : key success factors for software organizations
Computer software development & patenting computer-implemented inventions
In today's fashion industry, email is primarily used as an official communication tool. Currently, fashion industry specific or customized tools are not available for communication in a distributed environment. This thesis aims to develop a web application, which will be specially made for the fashion industry.
Contracting in software business : analysis of evolving contract processes and relationships
Viral marketing in B2B software business : tracking and analyzing referral networks
Innovative software business strategies : evidence from Finnish firms
Evaluating modes of entering Russian market in IT business for the case company
Aligning business and IT with metadata : the financial services way
How to build a billion dollar app : discover the secrets of the most successful entrepreneurs of our time
Practical process improvement : how to initiate software process improvement in a small company
This thesis deals with the software company's business expansion via reseller channel. The case company is a Finnish software company M-files Oy. Part of the company's core strategy is a strong international growth via reseller channel. M-Files has already resellers in 50 countries and over 2,000 paying customers in 100 countries. Aim of this study is to explore the Swedish software market, as well as possibly find partners in the target country. In addition, the company can use the results of the work when it searches for new international partners from different countries. The research work is a single case study and is divided into theoretical part and an empirical part. The theoretical part presents the software company's business expansion and internationalization via reseller channel. The data were collected using a different literature, articles and internet. The empirical part presents results and conclusions.The study was conducted using a qualitative research method by interviewing Swedish ICT organizations and M-Files staff. The interviews were semi-structured interviews, which were designed to collect comprehensive information on the existing software market in Sweden. The research findings reveal that the Swedish software market is very similar to the Finnish software market. The Swedish market is highly competitive and it consists of global software development companies and small, innovative niche-oriented companies. Software market in Sweden is centralized in southern Sweden. Swedish companies and customers are willing to use new technologies and solutions if they can see that solutions can give real benefits and competitive advantage. This opens up opportunities for new products and services in the Swedish software market. The market is changing in such a way that the information value of the business is valued more than technical solutions.^The study identified a number of characteristics and issues that should take into account when a software company expands business to the Swedish software market. Software companies can also apply methods used in the research when they are analyzing new market areas or business opportunities in a new country.
Lean practices applied in agile enterprise web application development project
The formation and management of a software outsourcing partnership : a case study
Intellectual property protection for computer programs : developments, challenges, and pressures for change
Agile Methods in large-scale software development organizations : applicability and model for adoption
Service-oriented architecture (SOA) compass : business value, planning, and enterprise roadmap
Value-creating networks : an analysis of the software component business
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
The growth of Finnish software companies in 2008-2011 : empirical investigation of financial ratios as the determinants of growth
Agile project management with Kanban
The Finnish IT industries in transition : defining and measuring the Finnish software product and IT services industries by applying theoretical frameworks
Life-based design for technical solutions in social and voluntary work
Isolated unit tests in .Net
Software engineering risk management : a method, improvement framework, and empirical evaluation
Essays on OSS practices and sustainability
The Art of song: Selected songs for grade 7 :  low voice/ by Beethoven, Brahms, Mozart, Schubert, Schumann, Wolf
Analyzing and designing a web application for fashion industry
Global information systems : the implications of culture for IS management
Audition songs for professional singers. 28 essential songs for men
Six sigma software development
Building innovative music industry service
New industries from new places : the emergence of the software and hardware industries in China and India
Evaluation of web based quality management tools
The mythical man-month : essays on software engineering
Essential audition songs for female vocalists : movie hits
Making it big in software : a guide to success for software vendors with growth ambitions
New venture creation in software business : a contextually embedded entrepreneur's perspective
Program management toolkit for software and systems development
The software test engineer's handbook : a study guide for the ISTQB test analyst and technical test analyst advanced level certificates
Pop hits for professional singers
Market orientation in rapidly internationalizing small companies : evidence from the software industry
Music for the voice : a descriptive list of concert and teaching material
Economic contribution of copyright-based industries in Finland 2009-2012
Knowledge-sharing challenges in company growth : a comparative case study from the software business
Lean software strategies : proven techniques for managers and developers
Competition in the Internet markets are tremendous, due to the fact that software development is cheaper than ever before due to Cloud environments, DevOps and vast scale of productive frameworks.    Companies are constantly seeking ways to enhance their design and development processes and practices to remain competitive in the market. Alma Mediapartners is no different, thesis will follow the project where today's buzzwords are taken in action to experiment new approaches to enhance company's existing software development processes.    In the ordinary project, the team participating will begin with business analysis; continue designing the solution and that then developing the solution. Web application development in Alma Mediapartners roughly consists of two phases from lifespan vice: software development project and after successful release, the small scale development. For each phase practices from Lean startup and Lean UX are tested to find what benefits these practices might bring to the business analysis and application design.    Thesis will follow how team members experienced with Agile approaches such as Scrum are able to adapt to new ideas relating to the practices and technologies used. Project team will construct from hybrid organization having members from Alma Mediapartners and foreign subcontractor. Past experience of the development team has been from building complete systems, which are well planned replacement investments. Now that the team must form the solution from entirely new setting, how will the team previously fully focused on completeness adapt to building solution iteratively based upon feedback received.    From technology point of view, the project will evaluate different technological choices which would support the Lean UX and startup principles the best. Not to forget environmental aspects how CD and DevOps will effect to the development work. Key words: lean ux, lean startup, continuous delivery, mean, mvp.
Formal or informal strategy? : a study of growth companies in the Finnish software industry : summary report
The digital assembly line
Cost-efficient virtual machine management : provisioning, admission control, and consolidation
How to introduce Lean Startup process into a medium-sized IT vendor, namely Futurice?
"...the walls fell down but the blokes just coded..." : varieties of stability in software product development during organizational restructurings
Examining business models of Software-as-a-Service companies
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Software in 30 days : how agile managers beat the odds, delight their customers, and leave competitors in the dust
From airline reservations to Sonic the Hedgehog : a history of the software industry
Case studies on release planning in agile development organizations
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : evaluation model
