http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26223 sophists
sophists
The great Sophists in Periclean Athens
Early Greek philosophy. Volume III, Early Ionian thinkers, part 2
The Greek world of Apuleius : Apuleius and the second sophistic
The fragments and testimonia of the early Greek philosophers (often labeled the Presocratics) have always been not only a fundamental source for understanding archaic Greek culture and ancient philosophy but also a perennially fresh resource that has stimulated Western thought until the present day. This new systematic conception and presentation of the evidence differs in three ways from Hermann Diels's groundbreaking work, as well as from later editions: it renders explicit the material's thematic organization; it includes a selection from such related bodies of evidence as archaic poetry, classical drama, and the Hippocratic corpus; and it presents an overview of the reception of these thinkers until the end of antiquity ... Volume VIII presents Sophists including Protagoras, Gorgias, Socrates, Prodicus, Thrasymachus, Hippias.
Prosopography of Greek Rhetors and Sophists of the Roman Empire
Making men : sophists and self-presentation in ancient Rome
Early Greek philosophy. Volume VIII, Sophists, part 1
The school of Libanius in late antique Antioch
Early Greek philosophy. Volume 1, Introductory and reference materials
The sophistic renaissance
The works of the early Greek philosophers are not only a fundamental source for understanding archaic Greek culture and the whole of ancient philosophy, but also a perennially fresh resource that has stimulated Western thought until the present day. This nine-volume edition presents all the major fragments from the sixth to the fourth centuries BC." -- Provided by publisher.
Early Greek philosophy. Volume 2, Beginnings and early Ionian thinkers, part 1
Libanius the sophist : rhetoric, reality, and religion in the fourth century
Paul's true rhetoric : ambiguity, cunning, and deception in Greece and Rome
Philo and Paul among the sophists : Alexandrian and Corinthian responses to a Julio-Claudian movement
In this highly acclaimed book Bruce Winter gathers all the available evidence on first-century sophistry in Alexandria and Corinth and offers the first comprehensive discussion of this movement as it relates to the writings of Philo and Paul. Plumbing the historical record, Winter shows that while these contemporary Hellenistic Jews both responded to the sophistic movement on the basis of the Old Testament, Philo was also indebted to Plato for his assessment, whereas Paul filtered the Old Testament texts through the message of Jesus. This valuable study provides crucial insights into the nature of Paul's sterling rhetoric as well as the problems that the sophistic movement created for Diaspora Jews in Alexandria and for the early Christians in Corinth.
This volume - the first project of its kind in the field - collates c. 1200 biographical entries on Greek sophists and rhetors who flourished in the Roman Empire from the first to the seventh century AD. Ancient Greek sophists, the masters of speech and teachers of rhetoric, constituted one of the most important and interesting intellectual circles of the ancient world. The prosopography provides comprehensive information on sophists and their activities, using abundant and varied source material such as literary texts (including those of the rhetors themselves) and papyrological, epigraphic, and numismatic evidence. Each entry provides data (where available) on sources in which the person is attested, biographical details, career, and rhetorical activity.
Plato's Sophist : a philosophical commentary
The fragments and testimonia of the early Greek philosophers (often labeled the Presocratics) have always been not only a fundamental source for understanding archaic Greek culture and ancient philosophy but also a perennially fresh resource that has stimulated Western thought until the present day. This new systematic conception and presentation of the evidence differs in three ways from Hermann Diels's groundbreaking work, as well as from later editions: it renders explicit the material's thematic organization; it includes a selection from such related bodies of evidence as archaic poetry, classical drama, and the Hippocratic corpus; and it presents an overview of the reception of these thinkers until the end of antiquity ... Volume III includes chapters on the Ionians Xenophanes and Heraclitus.
This book is a study of the fourth-century sophist Libanius, a major intellectual figure who ran one of the most prestigious schools of rhetoric in the later Roman Empire. He was a tenacious adherent of pagan religion and a friend of the emperor Julian, but also taught leaders of the early Christian church like St. John Chrysostom and St. Basil the Great. Raffaella Cribiore examines Libanius's training and personality, showing him to be a vibrant educator, though somewhat gloomy and anxious by nature. She traces how he cultivated a wide network of friends and former pupils and courted powerful officials to recruit top students. Cribiore describes his school in Antioch - how students applied, how they were evaluated and trained, and how Libanius reported progress to their families. She details the professional opportunities that a thorough training in rhetoric opened up for young men of the day. Also included here are translations of 200 of Libanius's most important letters on education.
A history of Greek philosophy. Vol. 3, The fifth-century enlightenment
The social world of intellectuals in the Roman Empire : sophists, philosophers, and Christians
Protagoras of Abdera : the man, his measure
"This book examines the role of social networks in the formation of identity among sophists, philosophers, and Christians in the early Roman Empire. Membership in each category was established and evaluated socially as well as discursively. From clashes over admission to classrooms and communion to construction of the group's history, integration into the social fabric of the community served as both an index of identity and a medium through which contests over status and authority were conducted. The juxtaposition of patterns of belonging in Second Sophistic and early Christian circles reveals a shared repertoire of technologies of self-definition, authorization, and institutionalization, and shows how each group manipulated and adapted those strategies to its own needs. This approach provides a more rounded view of the Second Sophistic and places the early Christian formation of "orthodoxy" in a fresh context"--
