http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26287 walnut
walnut
Proceedings of the VIth International Walnut Symposium : Melbourne, Australia February 25-27, 2009
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Temperate Zone Fruits in the Tropics and Subtropics : Nauni, Solan, India, October 14-18, 2003.. Part 2
Tree nuts : production, processing & products. Volume 2, Pecans - pine nuts - pistachio nuts - black walnuts - English walnuts
The development potential of forests in the Kyrgyz republic
Proceedings of the Fifth International Walnut Symposium : Sorrento, Italy, November 9-13, 2004
Evaluation of an isolated Persian walnut (Juglans regia L.) population from Eastern Transylvania, Romania
An isolated walnut population was investigated in Eastern Transylvania, Romania, in order to collect information for improving the present assortment of scion cultivars for the National and International Breeding Program. A total of 147 walnut individuals were investigated to determine (1) the main biological characteristics of the trees; and (2) to ascertain the main physical and qualitative characteristics of the nuts. The walnut population we studied can be considered as a genetically valuable one. Of the individuals 11% flowered between 29th of April and 10th of May, thus avoiding late spring frost damage. Such types bear abundantly in cold climate on lateral shoots and also have high quality fruit. In the present evaluation, 89% of the individuals had a mean flowering time between 18th and 28th of April. Although injuries from late spring frost are frequent in this area; the spring frost damage was low, and high quality fruit was obtained. Among the 147 individuals, 10 provided the best proportion of kernel mass compared with endocarp. Sensory characteristics of the nuts (size, colour, strength and flavour) were tested. The most valuable individuals, which were considered as prospective elites, were tested and compared with internationally recognised cultivars ('Franquette', 'Hartley', 'Milotai 10' and 'Alsoszentivani 117'). Comparing the total quality scores of the 14 elites and cultivars in the study, we can observe that only one had a low score (Ozsd-37); however, its strength and flavour were similar to other cultivars. According to our observations, many individuals from this isolated population showed the same quality as some internationally recognized cultivars.
Proceedings of the fourth International Walnut Symposium : Bordeaux, France 13-16 September, 1999
Proceedings of the VIth International Walnut Symposium : Fenyang, China, July 20-23, 2013
1st International symposium on walnut production, Budapest, Hungary, 25-29 September 1989
