http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26278 statistical models
statistical models
Fundamental Mathematics and Physics of Medical Imaging
Mineral resource estimation has changed considerably in the past 25 years: geostatistical techniques have become commonplace and continue to evolve; computational horsepower has revolutionized all facets of numerical modeling; mining and processing operations are often larger; and uncertainty quantification is becoming standard practice. Recent books focus on historical methods or details of geostatistical theory. So there is a growing need to collect and synthesize the practice of modern mineral resource estimation into a book for undergraduate students, beginning graduate students, and young geologists and engineers. It is especially fruitful that this book is written by authors with years of relevant experience performing mineral resource estimation and with years of relevant teaching experience. This comprehensive textbook and reference fills this need.
Small-area statistics in mapping of georeferenced data
Spatial point patterns : methodology and applications with R
Retrieval of gene expression measurements with probabilistic models
Machine learning with R cookbook : explore over 110 recipes to analyze data and build predictive models with the simple and easy-to-use R code
Introduction to structural equation modeling using IBM SPSS Statistics and EQS
Statistical models for inferring the structure and history of populations from genetic data
Population viability analysis under environmental change : development of Bayesian tools
Probabilistic components of molecular interactions and drug responses
Library improvement through data analytics
Probabilistic contact preferences in protein-ligand and protein-protein complexes
The joy of X : a guided tour of mathematics, from one to infinity
Partial polarization and coherence in stationary and nonstationary electromagnetic fields
Finding value in big data : statistical analysis of large data sets with applications in electric power systems
Indirect estimation of dynamic factor models of the business cycle
"David A. Freedman presents here a definitive synthesis of his approach to causal inference in the social sciences. He explores the foundations and limitations of statistical modeling, illustrating basic arguments with examples from political science, public policy, law, and epidemiology. Freedman maintains that many new technical approaches to statistical modeling constitute not progress, but regress. Instead, he advocates a 'shoe leather' methodology, which exploits natural variation to mitigate confounding and relies on intimate knowledge of the subject matter to develop meticulous research designs and eliminate rival explanations. When Freedman first enunciated this position, he was met with scepticism, in part because it was hard to believe that a mathematical statistician of his stature would favor 'low-tech' approaches. But the tide is turning. Many social scientists now agree that statistical technique cannot substitute for good research design and subject matter knowledge. This book offers an integrated presentation of Freedman's views"--Provided by publisher.
Spatio-temporal heterogeneity : concepts and analyses
Statistical analysis of life sequence data
Case studies in spatial point process modeling
Real-world machine learning
Statistical models
"This book presents an overview of the foundations and the key ideas and results of linear and generalized linear models under one cover. Written by a prolific academic, researcher, and textbook writer, Foundations of Linear and Generalized Linear Models is soon to become the gold standard by which all existing textbooks on the topic will be compared. While the emphasis is clearly and succinctly on theoretical underpinnings, applications in "R" are presented when they help to elucidate the content or promote practical model building. Each chapter contains approximately 15-20 exercises, primarily for readers to practice and extend the theory, but, also to assimilate the ideas by doing some data analysis. The carefully crafted models and examples convey basic concepts and do not get mired down in non-trivial considerations. An author-maintained web site includes, among other numerous pedagogical supplements, analyses that parallel the "R" routines from the book in SAS, SPSS and Stata"--
Straightforward statistics : understanding the tools of research
Modeling Gaussian and Non-Gaussian Longitudinal Data
Introduction to time series analysis and forecasting : with applications of SAS and SPSS
"Attempts by ecologists to establish models for predicting the growth of a population or the fluctuations of a natural resource can be confounded by environmental heterogeneity. Spatio-Temporal Heterogeneity explores a range of available statistical methods to help ecologists in the attempt to unravel complexities, demonstrating how to place these changes into an understandable statistical framework. It addresses several key questions, including how to interpret the parameters of statistical models in relation to the biological and environmental realities, how to design a study to collect the best sample data and how to avoid pitfalls in modelling, design, statistical assessment and interpretation. Dutilleul uses a variety of examples to facilitate understanding, from plant ecology, earth and atmospheric sciences, animal biology, forestry and limnology. The accompanying CD-ROM contains MATLAB and SAS codes to aid analyses".
Exploring functional brain networks using independent component analysis : functional brain networks connectivity
Introduction to the theory of statistical inference
Development of computational methods to predict protein pocket druggability and profile ligands using structural data
Hunter-gatherer foraging : five simple models
Foundations of applied statistical methods
An introduction to analysis of financial data with R
On statistical modelling and hypothesis testing by information theoretic methods
Three-dimensional geometry-based radio channel model: parametrization and validation at 10 GHz
"This book presents an overview of the foundations and the key ideas and results of linear and generalized linear models under one cover"--
Statistical properties of a new logistic generalized regression estimator - a Monte Carlo study
Spatial data analysis : an introduction for GIS users
Multiscale influence of environmental factors on water quality in boreal rivers : application of spatial-based statistical modelling
Non-Gaussian Merton-Black-Scholes theory
"While biomedical researchers may be able to follow instructions in the manuals accompanying the statistical software packages, they do not always have sufficient knowledge to choose the appropriate statistical methods and correctly interpret their results. Statistical Thinking in Epidemiology examines common methodological and statistical problems in the use of correlation and regression in medical and epidemiological research: mathematical coupling, regression to the mean, collinearity, the reversal paradox, and statistical interaction. Statistical Thinking in Epidemiology is about thinking statistically when looking at problems in epidemiology. The authors focus on several methods and look at them in detail: specific examples in epidemiology illustrate how different model specifications can imply different causal relationships amongst variables, and model interpretation is undertaken with appropriate consideration of the context of implicit or explicit causal relationships. This book is intended for applied statisticians and epidemiologists, but can also be very useful for clinical and applied health researchers who want to have a better understanding of statistical thinking. Throughout the book, statistical software packages R and Stata are used for general statistical modeling, and Amos and Mplus are used for structural equation modeling"--Provided by publisher.
Image analysis and statistical modeling for applications in cytometry and bioprocess control
Predictive modeling using sparse logistic regression with applications
Providing a clear explanation of the fundamental theory of time series analysis and forecasting, this book couples theory with applications of two popular statistical packages--SAS and SPSS. The text examines moving average, exponential smoothing, Census X-11 deseasonalization, ARIMA, intervention, transfer function, and autoregressive error models and has brief discussions of ARCH and GARCH models. The book features treatments of forecast improvement with regression and autoregression combination models and model and forecast evaluation, along with a sample size analysis for common time series models to attain adequate statistical power. To enhance the book's value as a teaching tool, the data sets and programs used in the book are made available on the Academic Press Web site. The careful linkage of the theoretical constructs with the practical considerations involved in utilizing the statistical packages makes it easy for the user to properly apply these techniques.
Strong Nash equilibrium in large games
Modelling phytoplankton in boreal lakes
Practical environmental statistics and data analysis
Quantifying regional variation in the survival of cancer patients
Written by a prominent statistician and author, the first edition of this bestseller broke new ground in the then emerging subject of spatial statistics with its coverage of spatial point patterns. Retaining all the material from the second edition and adding substantial new material, Statistical Analysis of Spatial and Spatio-Temporal Point Patterns, Third Edition presents models and statistical methods for analyzing spatially referenced point process data. Reflected in the title, this third edition now covers spatio-temporal point patterns. It explores the methodological developments from the last decade along with diverse applications that use spatio-temporally indexed data. Practical examples illustrate how the methods are applied to analyze spatial data in the life sciences. This edition also incorporates the use of R through several packages dedicated to the analysis of spatial point process data. Sample R code and data sets are available on the author's website --
A primer of ecological statistics
Handbook of Big Data
Models for discrete longitudinal data
Cohort analysis
Core concepts in data analysis : summarization, correlation and visualization
Statistical methods in customer relationship management
Practical guide to logistic regression
On two-way grouping by one-way topic models
A primer on partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM)
Experimental design : procedures for the behavioral sciences
Stochastic epidemic models and their statistical analysis
Mixed models : theory and applications with R
Pharmacoeconomic methods for estimating cost-effectiveness and budget impact of cancer treatments in Finland
Geocomputation ; a practical primer
Groundwater and its response to climate variability and change in cold snow dominated regions in Finland: methods and estimations
Estimating the long-run equilibrium relationship for the FIM/DEM exchange rate: a non-linear cointegration analysis
Statistical thinking in epidemiology
Introduction to applied statistics : a modelling approach
Statistical inference and simulation for spatial point processes
Statistical and information theoretic approaches to model selection and averaging
Normalized maximum likelihood methods for clustering and density estimation
A measurement-based statistical model to evaluate uncertainty in long-range noise assessments
Statistical modelling in chemistry : applications to nuclear magnetic resonance and polymerase chain reaction
Rivers create unique habitat for aquatic life and provide ecosystem services for humans. Thus, degradation of river water quality is a serious, global problem. Water quality is the outcome of anthropogenic and natural landscape factors and the interaction of these two. To improve water quality, robust and quick methods are needed to study the complex, spatio-temporally dependent relation between water quality and environment conditions across extensive areas.This thesis aimed to study the relationship between water quality (total phosphorus and nitrogen, pH, water colour and dissolved oxygen) and environmental factors in boreal rivers combining grid-based data and statistical methods. The study comprised of 34 Finnish rivers with their catchments. First, the effect of natural and human-induced environmental factors on water quality was studied.Then, (a) the ability of the characteristics of different spatial scales around the river channel and under different discharge conditions to predict water quality was explored and (b) the suitability of the applied statistical methods (generalized linear and additive models, partitioning methods, non-metric multidimensional scaling) in water quality studies was evaluated.As expected, the results highlighted the impact of agricultural activities on water quality as nutrients and pH increased, together with the cover of agricultural activities. However, when studied as a group, natural factors explained water quality better than land use/cover. Lakes were strongly related to decreased nutrients and water colour. The effect of fine-grained soils on nutrients and pH was positive. In the scale studies, nutrients and water colour were best explained by the characteristics of the entire catchment but pH was mostly predicted by the characteristics of the 50 m riparian zone.The connection between water quality and environment was str ongest during high-flow discharge periods.The results encourage the use of the applied methods, showing that the combination of grid-based data and advanced statistical methods provide an efficient first-filter estimate of water quality-environment relations. Spatial-based statistical modelling provides a crucial framework for river, water resources and land use management. The applied methods can also be seen as essential tools when predicting the impacts of global change on water quality.
Survival analysis : models and applications
Statistics for marked point patterns
Learning constructions of natural language : statistical models and evaluations
On computation in statistical models with a psychophysical application
Application of Bayesian spatial methods in health and population studies using registry data
Foundations of linear and generalized linear models
Statistical computation for environmental sciences in R : lab manual for models for ecological data
Statistical analysis of spatial and spatio-temporal point patterns
Introduction to structural equation modelling using IBM SPSS statistics and AMOS
Statistical models and causal inference : a dialogue with the social sciences
Demography and epidemiology : practical use of the Lexis diagram in the computer age : or who needs the Cox-model anyway?
Coherence of supercontinuum light
Occurrence of high risk human papillomaviruses and cervical cancer among fertile-aged women in Finland
Generalized linear models and extensions
Statistical methods for geography : a student's guide
Modeling survival data : extending the Coxmodel
