http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2626 picture-writing
picture-writing pictography
Stories told by chinese pictograms
Commentary upon the Maya-Tzental Perez codex : with a concluding note upon the linguistic problem of the Maya glyphs
An approach to screenwriting for the feature film : 4 lectures
Symbol sourcebook : an authoritative guide to international graphic symbols
From hieroglyphics to Isotype : a visual autobiography
Picture within a picture : an illustrated guide to the origins of Chinese characters
The Kassite glyptic of Nippur
Rashomon : a film by Akira Kurosawa from the filmscript by Akira Kurosawa and Shinobu Hashimoto.  Consulting editor: Donald Richie
Facts of life
Writing
Seeing writing
Elements of style for screenwriters
ABC of Egyptian hieroglyphs
Write your own Egyptian hieroglyphs : names, greetings, insults, sayings
In 1992, the University of Texas Press published Before Writing, Volume I: From Counting to Cuneiform and Before Writing, Volume II: A Catalog of Near Eastern Tokens. In these two volumes, Denise Schmandt-Besserat set forth her groundbreaking theory that the cuneiform script invented in the Near East in the late fourth millennium B.C. - the world's oldest known system of writing - derived from anarchaic counting device. How Writing Came About draws material from both volumes to present Schmandt-Besserat's theory for a wide public and classroom audience. Based on the analysis and interpretation of a selection of 8,000 tokens or counters from 116 sites in Iran, Iraq, the Levant, and Turkey, it documents the immediate precursor of the cuneiform script.
1000 icons, symbols + pictograms : visual communications for every language
Afrikan alphabets : the story of writing in Afrika
Visual aid : stuff you've forgotten, things you never thought you knew, and lessons you didn't quite get around to learning
Nobel universal graphical language
Monty Python's The life of Brian (of Nazareth)
Script supervising and film continuity
Screenwriting secrets in genre film
"Like a good story, successful design is a series of engaging moments structured over time. The User's Journey will show you how, when, and why to use narrative structure, technique, and principles to ideate, craft, and test a cohesive vision for an engaging outcome. See how a 'story first' approach can transform your product, feature, landing page, flow, campaign, content, or product strategy."
The eighth day and Toto the hero
The hieroglyphs handbook
The story of writing
Picture-writings and other documents. Pt. 1
Screen writings : scripts and texts by independent filmmakers
Directing the story : professional storytelling and storyboarding techniques for live action and animation
Adam's rib
Comparative ethnographical studies. 7, Picture-writings and other documents
The mystery of the hieroglyphs
Writing for visual media
Guide to the Maudslay collection of Maya sculptures (casts and originals) from Central America
Handbook of scripts and alphabets
Maya hieroglyphs
Legacy on stone : rock art of the Colorado plateau and four corners region
Hieroglyphics : the writings of ancient Egypt
The secrets of codes : understanding the world of hidden messages
Egyptian hieroglyphs
Hieroglyphics
The rock inscriptions of lower Nubia (Czechoslovak concession)
Astonishment and evocation : the spell of culture in art and anthropology
The Cambridge encyclopedia of the world's ancient languages
Trademarks & symbols of the wovol. 1. 1, The Alphabet in Design
Breaking the Maya code
The mysteries of the alphabet : the origins of writing
How writing came about
1000 icons, symbols + pictograms : visual communications for every language : 1,000 works
The Festival procession of Opet in the colonnade hall
The baby Mâcon
Writing systems of the world : alphabets, syllabaries, pictograms
Reading the Maya glyphs
A companion to the history of the book
Read or not to read
Hellboy : the art of the movie
Reading Egyptian art : a hieroglyphic guide to ancient Egyptian painting and sculpture
Symbols, pictograms & silhouettes
The handbook of Egyptian hieroglyphs : a study of the ancient language
Left to right : the cultural shift from words to pictures
The user's journey : storymapping products that people love
The story of writing : alphabets, hieroglyphs & pictograms
The Sense and Sensibility : screenplay & diaries : bringing Jane Austen's novel to film
Five screenplays
Dictionary of symbols
Egyptian readingbook. Vol. 1, Exercises and Middle Egyptian texts
Trademarks & symbols of the world vol. 3. 3, Pictogram & Sign Design
Pictograph to Alphabet- and Back : Reconstructing the Pictographic Origins of the Xajil Chronicle
The practical application of Pictogram
Reinventing the story : inventions in the film adaptation The green mile by Frank Darabont
Maya hieroglyphics without tears
Zeichen + Signets : eine Sammlung internationaler Beispiele = Signs + emblems : a collection of international examples
The lienzo of Tulancingo, Oaxaca : an introductory study of a ninth painted sheet from the Coixtlahuaca Valley
Fantastic beasts : and where to find them : the original screenplay
Central American hieroglyphic writing
The cook, the thief, his wife and her lover
Pictograms, icons & signs : a guide to information graphics
When writing met art : from symbol to story
The chimera principle : an anthropology of memory and imagination
ABC hieroglyphics
The Manchurian candidate
Trademarks and symbols of the world. Vol. 2, Design elements
Star Wars : the annotated screenplays
The art of hieroglyphics
Egyptian language : easy lessons in Egyptian hieroglyphics with sing list
Pre-writing in southeastern Europe : the sign system of the Vinča culture ca. 4000 B.C
Lingua digitalis : dictionary for a connected world
Prophets of decline : the global histories of Brooks Adams, Oswald Spengler and Arnold Toynbee in the United States 1896-1961
Henri Michaux : experimentation with signs
Picture-writings and other documents. Pt. 2
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : the original screenplay
The alphabetic labyrinth : the letters in history and imagination
