http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26245 anthropologists
anthropologists
The buz'gem blues
Corridor talk to culture history : public anthropology and its consequences
The Nyau masquerade : an examination of HIV/AIDS, power and influence in Malawi
In the article the issue of sacrality is explored from the points of view of cultural anthropology and cognitive science of religion. Culture-specific contents of meaning bestowed on the notion of "sacred" are not approached as religious representations in which some theologically defined agent, metaphysical entity or otherworldly level of existence is believed to manifest itself to human beings. Instead, various attributions of sacrality are explored as representations of the general mental capacity of human beings to set apart places and sites in specific locations and points of terrain in local topography in order to mark ritual spaces and establish rules of conduct for their maintenance as well as for specific social valus and categorizations on which the inviolability of behavioral norms is based.
206 bones
"This inaugural volume of The Franz Boas Papers Documentary Edition series presents current scholarship from the various academic disciplines that were shaped and continue to be influenced by Franz Boas (1858-1942). Few of Boas's intellectual progeny span the range of his disciplinary and public engagements. In his later career, Boas moved beyond Native American studies to become a public intellectual and advocate for social justice, particularly with reference to racism against African Americans and Jews and discrimination against women in science. He was a passionate defender of academic freedom, rigorous scholarship, and anthropology as a humane calling. The Franz Boas Papers, Volume 1 examines Boas's stature as a public intellectual in three crucial dimensions: theory, ethnography, and activism. The volume's contributors move across many of the disciplines within which Boas himself worked, bringing to bear their expertise in Native studies, anthropology, history, linguistics, folklore, ethnomusicology, museum studies, comparative literature, English, film studies, philosophy, and journalism. This volume demonstrates a contemporary urgency to reassessing Boas both within the field of anthropology and beyond. "--
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains:potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains : potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
Fredrik Barth : an intellectual biography
"After the Ancestors The passage from pagan to Christian and tribesman to citizen has been exhaustively documented, but the people who make up that story have mostly been written out of it. This account, set in Nias, Indonesia, captures the human dilemmas attending the world- historical transformation from tribalism to modernity. The author allows the complexity of the issues - the hold of the past on the present, perspectives on life and death, vengeance and morality - to emerge through dramatic encounters. Innovative and personally challenging, this book is about a radically different world and the search for a common humanity that underlies cultural difference. It is also about the process of coming to understand another society and the formation of an anthropologist. Interweaving a gripping narrative of fieldwork with the drama of life in a tribal society in extremis, this book is essential reading for students of anthropology and the general reader alike"--
Claude Levi-Strauss : the poet in the laboratory
From imaginary realities to social realities : a conversation with Maurice Godelier
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professional international development
The strange dissappearance of Ernest Hooton
Participant observer : memoir of a transatlantic life
Anthropological interest in new subjects of research and contemporary knowledge practices has turned ethnographic attention to a wide ranging variety of professional fields. Among these the encounter with international development has perhaps been longer and more intimate than any of the others. Anthropologists have drawn critical attention to the interfaces and social effects of development's discursive regimes but, oddly enough, have paid scant attention to knowledge producers themselves, despite anthropologists being among them, which is the focus of this volume. It concerns the construction and transmission of knowledge about global poverty and its reduction but is equally interested in the social life of development professionals, in the capacity of ideas to mediate relationships, in networks of experts and communities of aid workers, and in the dilemmas of maintaining professional identities. Going well beyond obsolete debates about 'pure' and 'applied' anthropology, the book examines the transformations that occur as social scientific concepts and practices cross and re-cross the boundary between anthropological and policy making knowledge.
A diagram of us : Latour and the modes of existence
How to get published in anthropology : a guide for students and young professionals
Pioneers of the field : South Africa's women anthropologists
Allegra lab : anthropology, law, art, world
Margaret Mead : the famous anthropologist who helped people all over the world to understand each other's cultures
A companion to the anthropology of Europe
An old state in new settings : studies in the social anthropology of China in memory of Maurice Freedman
The politics of agrarian transformation in Mexico
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
Fifty key anthropologists
Ethnographic methods
eFieldnotes : the makings of anthropology in the digital world
Blackberry winter : my earlier years
'I certainly hope ethnography survives' : an interview with Margaret Lock
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Strong evaluation without sources : on Charles Taylor's philosophical anthropology and cultural moral realism
Fieldwork in educational settings : methods, pitfalls, and perspectives
Inside African anthropology : Monica Wilson and her interpreters
The deceit
Local knowledge, global stage
"In the West at the turn of the twentieth century, public understanding of science and the world was shaped in part by expeditions to Asia, North America, and the Pacific. The Anthropology of Expeditions draws together contributions from anthropologists and historians of science to explore the role of these journeys in natural history and anthropology between approximately 1890 and 1930. By examining collected materials as well as museum and archive records, the contributors to this volume shed light on the complex social life and intimate work practices of the researchers involved in these expeditions. At the same time, the contributors also demonstrate the methodological challenges and rewards of studying these legacies and provide new insights for the history of collecting, history of anthropology, and histories of expeditions. Offering fascinating insights into the nature of expeditions and the human relationships that shaped them, The Anthropology of Expeditions sets a new standard for the field. "--
The character of human institutions : Robin Fox and the rise of biosocial science
Dignity, rank, and rights
In the tracks of anthropologists : centennial exhibit of Taiwan anthropology
Asian anthropology
Methodological developments in ethnography
Culture, suicide, and the human condition
Edward Westermarck as a Finnish patriot abroad
Braided worlds
Socialization as cultural communication : development of a theme in the work of Margaret Mead
The naked anthropologist : tales from around the world
Claude Lévi-Strauss, author of the modern classic "Tristes tropiques", was one of the most influential intellectuals in the second half of the twentieth century, whose ideas and methods inspired the work of Michel Foucault, Roland Barthes and Jacques Lacan and arguably changed the face of Western thought. Drawing on interviews with Lévi-Strauss himself, research in his archives now held at the Bibliothèque Nationale in Paris and conversations with contemporary anthropologists, Wilcken explores and explains his ideas, revealing the man behind them to be a writer and artiste manqué, who injected an artistic sensibility into academia, using imagery and ideas worthy of a poet. He remains a giant of the twentieth century.
"The introductory volume to the Franz Boas Papers: Documentary Edition, which examines Boas' stature as public intellectual in three crucial dimensions: theory, ethnography and activism"--
Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects
When Napoleon Chagnon arrived in Venezuela's Amazon region in 1964 to study the Yanomamø Indians, one of the last large tribal groups still living in isolation, he discovered a remarkably violent society. Men who killed others had the most wives and offspring, their violence possibly giving them an evolutionary advantage. The prime reasons for violence, Chagnon found, were to avenge deaths and abduct women. When Chagnon began publishing his observations, some cultural anthropologists who could not accept an evolutionary basis for human behavior refused to believe them. A scathing attack-which was quickly disproven-accused him of starting a measles epidemic among the Yanomamø, and the American Anthropological Association condemned him, only to rescind its condemnation after a vote by the membership. Thus Chagnon became perhaps the most famous American anthropologist since Margaret Mead-and the most controversial. In Noble Savages, Chagnon describes his seminal fieldwork-during which he lived among the Yanomamø, was threatened by tyrannical headmen, and experienced an uncomfortably close encounter with a jaguar-taking readers inside Yanomamø villages to glimpse the kind of life our distant ancestors may have lived thousands of years ago. And he forcefully indicts his discipline of cultural anthropology, accusing it of having traded its scientific mission for political activism.
Dynamics of ethnicity in Tanzania
Uncommon lives : my lifelong friendship with Margaret Mead
In this collection of new reflections on the sexual politics, racial history, and moral predicaments of anthropology, feminist scholars explore a wide range of visions of identity and difference. How are feminists redefining the poetics and politics of ethnography? What are the contradictions of women studying women? How have gender, race, class, and nationality been scripted into the canon? Through autobiography, fiction, historical analysis, experimental essays, and criticism, the contributors offer exciting responses to these questions. Several pieces reinvestigate the work of key women anthropologists like Elsie Clews Parsons, Margaret Mead, and Ruth Benedict, while others reevaluate the writings of women of color like Zora Neale Hurston, Ella Deloria, and Alice Walker. Some selections explore how sexual politics help to determine what gets written and what is valued in the anthropological canon. Other pieces explore new forms of feminist ethnography that 'write culture' experimentally, thereby challenging prevailing, male-biased anthropological models.
Fieldwork among the Maya : reflections on the Harvard Chiapas Project
A diary in the strict sense of the term
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Marcel Mauss : a centenary tribute
’The site strikes back’: multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
Anthropology now and next : essays in honor of Ulf Hannerz
Edward Sapir : appraisals of his life and work
Applied anthropology : domains of application
Transnational families in the making : the Polish experience of living between Poland and Finland during and after the Cold War
Carl Starcke and Wilhelm Bolin on Edward Westermarck's dissertation, The history of human marriage : the question of plagiarism
Institutional ethnography as practice
Obituary : in memoriam Karen Armstrong 1946-2014
This book asserts the relevance of mainstream anthropology to development processes and recognizes that contemporary development should be anthropology's principal area of study. It argues for a socio-anthropology of change and development that is a deeply empirical, multidimensional, diachronic study of social groups and their interactions. It provides a thought-provoking examination of the new approaches that have emerged in anthropology since the 1990s. It assesses the complexity of social change and development, and how socio-anthropology can tackle this complexity. It examines some of the key variables in the development process, including relations of production; the logics of social action; the nature of knowledge; forms of mediation; and 'political' strategies. Much of the empirical material is drawn from Africa
People, material culture and environment in the north : proceedings of the 22nd Nordic Archaeological Conference, University of Oulu, 18-23 August 2004
The gift
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
"In and out" : segmentary gang politics in Los Angeles
Ruth Benedict
Social anthropology
Cross bones
Threatening anthropology : McCarthyism and the FBI's surveillance of activist anthropologists
A Jerseyman at Oxford
Bonereapers : a Dinah Pelerin mystery
When the first-world-north goes local : education and gender in post-revolution Laos
Laibon : an anthropologist's journey with Samburu diviners in Kenya
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
The people in the trees
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
Culture and life : essays in memory of Clyde Kluckhohn
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Leakey's luck : the life of Louis Seymour Bazett Leakey, 1903-1972
Flash and bones
"We are the originals" : a study of value in Fiji
Rolling nowhere : riding the rails with America's hoboes
A groundbreaking, comprehensive anthology. Scholars have traced applied anthropology as far back as the classical age, when Greek rulers gathered data about neighbouring people in order to inform Greek foreign policy. Most anthropology ever since has had a practical focus: knowledge for the sake of knowledge is valuable; knowledge with practical applications is even more so. The authors focus on how the field of anthropology can best be utilised practically today. In making their arguments, they consider past, present, and future trends in applied anthropology, especially with regard to issues such as globalisation, ethnographic research, and governmental policies. This anthology focuses on how people can make their training in anthropology work for them in seemingly unrelated fields. Specific topics covered include: anthropology and development, the environment, agricultural anthropology, health and medicine, nutritional anthropology, displacement and resettlement, business and industry, anthropology applied to education, applied anthropology and the aged, and emerging trends in applied anthropology. Collects together contributions from key thinkers in the field. Looks at how anthropology can be applied practically to other disciplines.
Women writing culture
Homo deus : a brief history of tomorrow
Anthropological intelligence : the deployment and neglect of American anthropology in the Second World War
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
"Anthropology and anthropologists provides an entertaining and provocative account of British social anthropology from the foundations of the discipline, through the glory years of the mid-twentieth century and on to the transformation in recent decades. The book shocked the anthropological establishment on first publication in 1973 but soon established itself as one of the introductions for students of anthropology. Forty years later, this now classic work has been radically revised. Adam Kuper situates the leading actors in their historical and institutional context, probes their rivalries, revisits their debates, and reviews their key ethnographies. Drawing on recent scholarship he shows how the discipline was shaped by the colonial setting and by developments in the social sciences"--
Break no bones
Elsie Clews Parsons : inventing modern life
'The site strikes back' : multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
The Monguors of the Kansu-Tibetan border. Part II, Their religious life
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
Anthropology and consultancy : issues and debates
Journal of linguistic anthropology
"Bureaucracy kills so many things" : a conversation between Maia Green and Marja-Liisa Swantz
The human cycle
A Companion to the Anthropology of Europe offers a survey of contemporary Europeanist anthropology and European ethnology, and a guide to emerging trends in this geographical field of research. Providing a synthesis of the different traditions and contemporary approaches, the book is both thematic and fully cross-European in its approach.
A common humanity : thinking about love and truth and justice
Paratext in Malinowski's prefaces
The algebraist
Anthropology and the politics of representation
European anthropologies : a guide to the profession. Vol. 1, Ethnography, ethnology, and social/cultural anthropology
Understanding Neolithic Southern Levant : case studies of archaeological semiosis in action
Satin Island : a novel
The Franz Boas papers : Franz Boas as public intellectual : theory, ethnography, activism
Westermarck, anthropology and the Royal Anthropological Institute
Marius Barbeau : man of Mana : a biography
National geographic : e-lehti
Anthropologists and their traditions across national borders
Don't sleep, there are snakes : life and language in the Amazonian jungle
The effects of globalization on culture : a study of the experiences of globalization among Finnish travellers
A very personal method : anthropological writings drawn from life
Westermarck's theory of morality in his and our time : a perspective from the LSE anthropology department
Noble savages : my life among two dangerous tribes - the Yanamamö and the anthropologists
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
Bones of betrayal
"In the early twentieth century, the field of anthropology transformed itself from the "welcoming science," uniquely open to women, people of color, and amateurs, into a professional science of culture. The new field grew in rigor and prestige but excluded practitioners and methods that no longer fit a narrow standard of scientific legitimacy. In Rhetoric in American Anthropology, Risa Applegarth traces the "rhetorical archeology" of this transformation in the writings of early women anthropologists"--
The innocent anthropologist : notes from a mud hut
The library of Lewis Henry Morgan
Return from the natives : how Margaret Mead won the Second World War and lost the Cold War
In the company of others : the development of anthropology in Israel
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Introduction : where have all the people gone
The power of the between : an anthropological odyssey
Learning to be an anthropologist and remaining "Native" : selected writings
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Manhood : a journey from childhood into the fierce order of virility
Anthropology at the crossroads : the view from France
Westermarck and the Westermarck Hypothesis
Challenges to elitism : subaltern studies and ethnographic experiments
The sacred hilltop : a hermeneutical case study on the Svayambhū site in Kathmandu
Edward Westermarck at the Academy of Åbo, 1918-32
Edward Westermarck and Hilma Granqvist in the field of orientalist discourse in Finland
Historical dictionary of shamanism
Folklore : the basics
The sacred blood
Savaging the civilized : Verrier Elwin, his tribals, and India
Dialogic methodology and the dialogic space created after an interview
Comments on "Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects"
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
My life with things : the consumer diaries
After the ancestors : an anthropologist's story
Bulletin of the National Museum of Nature and Science. Series D, Anthropology
Introduction : Westermarck - a missing link
During the Spanish Civil War, George Orwell was asked why he could not shoot an enemy soldier who was running holding up his trousers. Orwell replied 'I had come here to shoot at "Fascists"; but a man who is holding up his trousers isn't a "Fascist". A Common Humanity is a beautifully written, profound and arresting book about what predicaments such as Orwell's tell us about humanity. Drawing on a wealth of important examples including the Holocaust and attempts to deny it, the trial of Adolf Eichmann, the taking of children of mixed blood from Aboriginal parents in Australia, and the work of Primo Levi, Hannah Arendt and Simone Weil, Raimond Gaita sets out a provocative new picture of our common humanity. He urges us to recognize that whilst many of these examples call into question whether there is such a thing as a common humanity, it is not the idea of humanity that is at fault. It is the empty language of rights and obligations we use to explain what a human being is. It leaves no room for our ability to love other human beings and to share with them grief, hope, built, shame and remorse. It is our recognizing that others share these inescapably human features that gives us our common humanity. It is our common humanity that gives us rights and obligations, not our rights and obligations that give us our common humanity.
La famiglia : the ideology of Sicilian family networks
Founders of the anthropology of work : German social scientists of the 19th and early 20th centuries and the first ethnographers
Traces of Dumont from India
Strangers to relatives : the adoption and naming of anthropologists in Native North America
11th Westermarck memorial lecture 1993 : contentious subjects : moral being in the modern world
Ethnographers in the field : the psychology of research
African-American pioneers in anthropology
The king of the world in the land of the Pygmies
Anthropology and development : understanding contemporary social change
Claude Lévi Strauss : the poet in the laboratory
Anthropology and anthropologists : the British school in the twentieth century
Space, body, and the notion of boundary : a category-theoretical approach to religion
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
Upside-down Gods : Gregory Bateson's world of difference
Lucy's child : the discovery of a human ancestor
Indigenous youth in Brazilian Amazonia : changing lived worlds
Tales of power
The ethnography of Franz Boas
Yaya's Story is the story of Yaya Harouna and Paul Stoller, two men whose lives couldn't be more different. But when they are both threatened by grave illness - cancer - those differences evaporate, and the two are brought to profound existential convergence, a deep camaraderie in the face of the most harrowing circumstances. Yaya's Story is that story, a story of difference and unity, of illness and health, a lyrical reflection on human resiliency and the shoulders we lean on.
An anthropologist at work : writings of Ruth Benedict
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
This volume celebrates the life and work of Robin Fox and the idea of a biosocial science. From his early studies of kinship, primates, the brain, evolution, the incest taboo, and aggression, to his later work on literature, politics, civilization, law, the Bible, Shakespeare, and the history of ideas, Robin Fox inspired many with an evolutionary vision of humanity that goes beyond narrow disciplinary boundaries and embraces the "universal history of mankind." Fox’s work represents an independent "biosocial science" stream of thinking that accepts the Darwinian mandate while avoiding reductionism by recognizing culture as a natural phenomenon. The essays cover Fox’s life and his contributions, and address topics as diverse as the meaning and function of laughter; the unforgiving discipline of writing popular anthropology; extreme drinking rituals among young men training for the British army; Darwin and close-cousin marriage; the universal essence of the epic form as a super-attractor; anthropologists’ autobiographies; the conflict between science and anti-science; and the decline of British imperial education. This engaging collection on a "mainstream maverick" has been edited by Michael Egan. It includes essays by Sir Antony Jay, Lionel Tiger, Howard Bloom, Michael McGuire, Kate Fox, Melvin Konner, Alan Macfarlane, Adam Kuper, Dieter Steklis, Alexandra Maryanski, Bernard Chapais, Jonathan Turner, Linda Stone, Charles Macdonald, Anne Fox, David Jenkins, Frederick Turner, Robert Trivers, and an essay by Robin Fox himself.
The relativity of Westermarck's moral relativism
Urbanity as national otherness
Journal of occupational science
Smart futures meet northern realities: anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
The anthropology of expeditions : travel, visualities, afterlives
The bones of Avignon
Reflections of a woman anthropologist : no hiding place
Anthropology and social theory : culture, power, and the acting subject
When bamboo bloom : an anthropologist in Taliban's Afghanistan
Anthropology : the basics
Rhetoric in American anthropology : gender, genre, and science
Jesus and the Gentiles
Margaret Mead : a biography
Fictions of feminist ethnography
Historic fishing methods in American Samoa
Lucy : the beginnings of humankind
Fredrik Barth : a bibliography
White Eskimo : Knud Rasmussen's fearless journey into the heart of the Arctic
Cora Du Bois : anthropologist, diplomat, agent
Yaya's story : the quest for well-being in the world
