http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2621 holiness
holiness
The bride of Christ goes to hell : metaphor and embodiment in the lives of pious women, 200-1500
God and other spirits : intimations of transcendence in Christian experience
Tree people
Theological investigations. 3, The theology of the spiritual life
Godless intellectuals? : the intellectual pursuit of the sacred reinvented
In the article the issue of sacrality is explored from the points of view of cultural anthropology and cognitive science of religion. Culture-specific contents of meaning bestowed on the notion of "sacred" are not approached as religious representations in which some theologically defined agent, metaphysical entity or otherworldly level of existence is believed to manifest itself to human beings. Instead, various attributions of sacrality are explored as representations of the general mental capacity of human beings to set apart places and sites in specific locations and points of terrain in local topography in order to mark ritual spaces and establish rules of conduct for their maintenance as well as for specific social valus and categorizations on which the inviolability of behavioral norms is based.
The idea of the Holy : an inquiry into the non-rational factor in the idea of the divine and its relation to the rational
The sacred and the profane : the nature of religion
Life as exploit : representations of twentieth-century saintly women in Russia
Nature, space and the sacred : transdisciplinary perspectives
American sacred space
Sacred symbols : peoples, religions, mysteries
The mystic experience : a descriptive and comparative analysis
Reflections on the translatability of the notion of holiness
Holiness : rabbinic Judaism and the Graeco-Roman world
Embodied holiness : toward a corporate theology of spiritual growth
Religion and society : proceedings of the 17th Quinquennial Congress of the International Association for the History of Religions (IAHR), Mexico City, 5-12 August 1995
Partakers of the divine nature : the history and development of deification in the Christian traditions
Peasants and pilgrims : two models of the sacred in Orthodox Karelian folk religious ritual
A Japanese goddess returns to the mortal realms in search of a glimpse of perfection.
Rudolf Otto and the synthesis of the rational and the non-rational in the idea of the Holy : some encounters in theory and practice
Holy ground : re-inventing ritual space in modern western culture
Sacred pain : hurting the body for the sake of the soul
Purity, holiness, and identity in Judaism and Christianity : essays in memory of Susan Haber
Medieval crossover : reading the secular against the sacred
Rethinking the sacred : proceedings of the Ninth SIEF Conference in Derry 2008
The need for a sacred science
People and land in the holiness code : an exegetical study of the ideational framework of the law in Leviticus 17-26
Sacred places in modern western culture
"From the mid to the late 20th century various French thinkers have at times toyed with the label of 'the saint', applying it to friends, colleagues, the revered and even the worshipped such as Genet, Sartre, Camus or Foucault. Despite this profaning of the term, however, there are many subtle truths which emerge from its usage among such writers. This volume is devoted to exploring certain varied notions of 'the saint' in recent French philosophical and literary thought from within a theological context, offering insights and valuable contributions toward how we understand sainthood in cultural, philosophical and religious terms. Each essay focuses on the convergence of a particular author's work and their various (re)formulations of 'saintliness' in their writings, whether this concept is directly expressed in their writings or not. In general, the aim of the volume is to develop a critical engagement between each authors' philosophical worldview and historical notions of sainthood, such that we are capable of providing new understandings of what a 'saint' could be said to be in our world today." --Publisher's description.
Woodland cultures in time and space : tales from the past, messages for the future
Ritual and belief in Morocco. Volume I
Sacred
Holy order
The sacred in the city
A sense of the holy : an introduction to the thought of P. T. Forsyth through his writing
Following a long trajectory from Late Antiquity to the High Middle Ages, Dyan Elliott offers a provocative analysis of the changing religious, emotional, and sexual meanings of the metaphor of the sponsa Christi and of the increasing anxiety surrounding the somatization of female spirituality.
From the sacred to the divine : a new phenomenological approach
A passion for holiness
Likeness and presence : a history of the image before the era of art / Hans Belting ; translated by Edmund Jephcott
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
Hermeneutics of holiness : ancient Jewish and Christian notions of sexuality and religious community
Bringing the sacred down to earth : adventures in comparative religion
Mysticism : holiness east and west
Susan Haber (1957-2006) was a graduate of York University (B.A.) and McMaster University (M.A.). At the time of her death, she was working on a doctorate from McMaster University, having already published articles on the Hebrew Bible, early Judaism, and early Christianity. The present volume consists of contributions by her teachers, friends, and colleagues in memory of a brilliant scholar. The essays deal with issues of central concern to the theologies of Judaism and Christianity: purity, holiness, and identity. Although it is not necessarily explicitly stated, the juxtaposition of these essays dealing with areas of mutual theological concern to Judaism and Christianity implicitly lays the groundwork for interreligious dialogue and understanding.
Eretica : the transcendental and the profane in contemporary art / Demetrio Paparani
The gestures of God : explorations in sacramentality
Sartre and the sacred
Rediscovering the sacred : perspectives on religion in contemporary society
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
THE SACRED AND THE PROFANE
Women and experience in later medieval writing : reading the book of life
God and enchantment of place : reclaiming human experience
Symbols of the sacred
Landscapes, gender, and ritual space : the ancient Greek experience
Staging empire : Napoleon, Ingres, and David
Ecce monstrum : Georges Bataille and the sacrifice of form
Like catching water in a net : human attempts to describe the divine
The sacred in life and art
Loci sacri : understanding sacred places
Rosa and Elisabetta - models of holiness for our times
Rag and bone : a journey among the world's holy dead
Re-forming the body : Religion, community and modernity ; Philip A. Mellor, Chris Shilling
Holiness in nineteeth-century England
Plants of life, plants of death
Ethnography in a modern hospice : construction of sacrality behind the seemingly natural
Szent és profan között : a szeged-alsóvárosi búcsú : [3. nemzetközi néprajzi szeminárium] = Between the sacred and the profane : the pilgrimage feast of Szeged-Alsóváros : [the 3rd international ethnology summer seminar]
Prayer and holiness : the icon of man renewed in God
Good offices
Holiness : past and present
Body and sacred place in medieval Europe, 1100-1389
The postmodern saints of France : refiguring 'the Holy' in contemporary French philosophy
Violence and the sacred
Intellect and action : elucidations on Christian theology and the life of faith
The sacred in the modern world : a cultural sociological approach
Toward a cognitive theory of the sacred : an ethnographic approach
Susceptible to the sacred : the psychological experience of ritual
Where mortals dwell : a Christian view of place for today
Corinne Dempsey offers a study of Hindu and Christian, Indian and Euro/American earthbound religious expressions. She argues that official religious, political, and epistemological systems tend to deny sacred access and expression to the general populace.
Holiness and masculinity in medieval Europe
The sacred : ways of knowledge, sources of life
Negotiating secular and sacred in medieval art : Christian, Islamic, and Buddhist
People trees : worship of trees in Northern India
Belief and beyond : religious categorization of reality
Can belief be taken for granted when the modern self is now so thoroughly cut off from the transcendent? The philosopher Charles Taylor has argued, in his influential work A Secular Age, that it cannot. But theologian Ronald F. Thiemann, likewise a prominent public intellectual, asserts - against Taylor - that people can yet find divine significance in the ordinary and everyday as much as in structured faith and worship. Thiemann's subtle idea of the humble sublime hinges on a notion of sacred immanence, or what he calls 'sacramental realism': of holiness present in the hidden. Finding continuity between theological and overtly 'secular' writers, he shows that the late medieval and early modern eras gave rise to the persistent idea that God may be found not just where he might be expected to be, but also in his opposite. Discussing in turn Luther, realistic painting and Charles Taylor's overarching narrative in A Secular Age, the author then pursues the theme of the humble sublime in the literary and social critical works of Anna Akhmatova, Langston Hughes, George Orwell and Albert Camus. He argues passionately in favour, even in a secular context, of the idea of sacred worth as a vital component of modern identity. This powerful melding of secular and sacred has a strong ethical and political dimension, especially in resisting tyranny. Thiemann's final book will appeal to all those committed to sacred value, whether agnostics, atheists or believers.
The sacred in a secular age : toward revision in the scientific study of religion
Place of the sacred : the rhetoric of the Satanic verses affair
Architecture and pilgrimage, 1000-1500 : southern Europe and beyond
Images of Medieval sanctity : essays in honour of Gary Dickson
Structures and patterns of religion
Living holiness : Stanley Hauerwas and the church
The sacred and the feminine : imagination and sexual difference
Dimensions of the sacred : an anatomy of the world's beliefs
Religion and its other : secular and sacral concepts and practices in interaction
Sacred spaces and powerful places in Tibetan culture : a collection of essays
The notion of a special intimacy between 'the feminine and the sacred' has received significant attention since the publication of Julia Kristeva and Catherine Clement's famous ecumenical "Conversation" of the same name which focused on the relationship between meaning and the body at whose interface the feminine is positioned. Brought to the wider public as the 'sacred feminine', it has also made its mark on popular culture. Taking up the debate and moving beyond anthropology or theology, writers from varied ethnic, geo-cultural and religious perspectives here join with secular cultural analysts to explore the sacred and the feminine in art, architecture, literature, art history, music, philosophy, theology, critical theory and cultural studies. The book addresses key issues in feminist questions of creativity, the imaginary and the sacred as 'otherness', exploring the ways in which visual practices have explored this rich, contested and highly charged territory.
Asylia : territorial inviolability in the Hellenistic world
The sacred and the secular in medieval literature have too often been perceived as opposites, or else relegated to separate but unequal spheres. In Medieval Crossover: Reading the Secular against the Sacred, Barbara Newman offers a new approach to the many ways that sacred and secular interact in medieval literature, arguing that (in contrast to our own cultural situation) the sacred was the normative, unmarked default category against which the secular always had to define itself and establish its niche. Newman refers to this dialectical relationship as "crossover" - which is not a genre in itself, but a mode of interaction, an openness to the meeting or even merger of sacred and secular in a wide variety of forms. Newman sketches a few of the principles that shape their interaction: the hermeneutics of "both/and," the principle of double judgment, the confluence of pagan material and Christian meaning in Arthurian romance, the rule of convergent idealism in hagiographic romance, and the double-edged sword in parody. Medieval Crossover explores a wealth of case studies in French, English, and Latin texts that concentrate on instances of paradox, collision, and convergence. Newman convincingly and with great clarity demonstrates the widespread applicability of the crossover concept as an analytical tool, examining some very disparate works.These include French and English romances about Lancelot and the Grail; the mystical writing of Marguerite Porete (placed in the context of lay spirituality, lyric traditions, and the Romance of the Rose); multiple examples of parody (sexually obscene, shockingly anti-Semitic, or cleverly litigious); and René of Anjou's two allegorical dream visions. Some of these texts are scarcely known to medievalists; others are rarely studied together. Newman's originality in her choice of these primary works will inspire new questions and set in motion new fields of exploration for medievalists working in a large variety of disciplines, including literature, religious studies, history, and cultural studies.
On the sacred
The realm of the sacred : verbal symbolism and ritual structures
Jerusalem in ancient history and tradition
In between : the holy beyond modern dichotomies
Saints : faith without borders
History and presence
Man made God : the meaning of life
Conflict, holiness & politics in the teachings of Jesus
Holiness : a guide for sinners
The prophetical conception of holiness
Knowledge and the sacred : the Gifford lectures, 1981
The dark gaze : Maurice Blanchot and the sacred
Jean Genet versus Saint Genet : searching for redemption among the 'unredeemable' / Colby Dickinson -- To accept in order to create : Albert Camus / Elisabeth Bayley -- Levinas : of God : who comes to mind? / Michael Purcell -- St Maurice de la passion du Dehors / Kevin Hart -- Of Michel Foucault (who may yet become St Paul) / Ward Blanton -- St Gilles between the divine and the demonic / Clayton Crockett -- À Saint Jacques / Robyn Horner -- Divine dissipation : criminal sanctity and the atheological abrupt in Georges Bataille / Charlie Blake -- St Lyotard on the differend/difference love can make / Phillip E. Davis -- Paul Ricoeur and the symbolism of sainthood : from imitation to innovation / Todd S. Mei -- Saint versus hero : Girard's undoing of romantic hagiology / Grant Kaplan -- Holy Mary, holy desire : Luce Irigaray and saintly daughters / Phyllis H. Kaminski -- A (w)holy human subject? : saintliness and antiphilosophy in the work of Alain Badiou / Meghan Helsel -- La nouvelle philosophie ... : on the philosophical significance of sanctity in Jean-Yves Lacoste's Experience and the absolute / W. Chris Hackett -- The night of living flesh and sainthood in Michel Henry / Joseph Rivera -- The unknown saint : reflections on Jean-Luc Marion's understanding of holiness / Petra Elaine Turner -- Laruelle and the messiah before the saints / Anthony Paul Smith.
Transforming holiness : representations of holiness in English and American literary texts
One calling in Christ : the laity in the Orthodox Church : papers from the Annual Meeting of the Orthodox Theological Society in America 2004
The structure of religious knowing : encountering the sacred in Eliade and Lonergan
How kings are made - how kingship changes : a study of rituals and ritual change in pre-colonial and colonial Owamboland, Namibia
Alterations of state : sacred kingship in the English Reformation
Beliefs from far away : context and function of foreign cult objects in the late Bronze Age Aegean
Sacred and the feminine : imagination and sexual difference / edited by Griselda Pollock and Victoria Turvey Sauron
Rudolf Otto and the concept of holiness
Saints and sanctity today
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
Indo-European sacred space : Vedic and Roman cult
Status and sacredness : a general theory of status relation and an analysis of Indian culture
Seiobo there below
Sacred and profane beauty : the holy in art
Neimed : exploring social distinctions and sacredness in early Irish legal sources
Sacred space in early modern Europe
Sacred sites as markers of difference : exploring cognitive foundations of territoriality
Holy vikings : saints' lives in the old icelandic kings' sagas
Sanctity and secularity during the modernist period : six perspectives on hagiography around 1900 : six perspectives sur l'hagiographie aux alentours de 1900
Space, body, and the notion of boundary : a category-theoretical approach to religion
Concilium has long been a household-name for cutting-edge critical and constructive theological thinking. Past contributors include leading Catholic scholars such as Hans Küng, Gregory Baum and Edward Schillebeeckx, and the editors of the review belong to the international "who's who" in the world of contemporary theology. Published five times a year, each issue reflects a deep knowledge and scholarship presented in a highly readable style, and each issue offers a wide variety of viewpoints from leading thinkers from all over the world.
This book reflects the way in which the city interacts with the sacred in all its many guises, with religion and the human search for meaning in life. As the process of urbanization of society is accelerating thus giving an increasing importance to cities and the 'metropolis, it is relevant to investigate the social or cultural cohesion that these urban agglomerations manifest. Religion is keenly observed as witnessing a growth, crucially impacting cultural and political dynamics, as well as determining the emergence of new sacred symbols and their inscription in urban spaces worldwide. The sacred has become an important category of a new interpretation of social and cultural transformation processes. From a unique broader perspective, the volume focuses on the relationship between the city and the sacred. Taking a multidisciplinary approach, combining the expertise of philosophers, historians, architects, social geographers, sociologists and anthropologists, it draws a nuanced picture of the different layers of religion, of the sacred and its diverse forms within the city, with examples from Europe, South America and the Caribbean, and Africa.
Confessional sanctity (c. 1500 - c. 1800)
The humble sublime : secularity and the politics of belief
The sacred and its scholars : comparative methodologies for the study of primary religious data
The diversity of sacred lands in Europe : proceedings of the third Workshop of the Delos Initiative : Inari/Aanaar, Finland, 1-3 July 2010
