http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26243 Coptics
Coptics
Dance, music, art, and religion : based on papers read at the Symposium on Dance, Music, and Art in Religions held at Åbo, Finland, on the 16th-18th August 1994
Peiresc's Orient : antiquarianism as cultural history in the seventeenth century
Coptic civilization : two thousand years of christianity in Egypt
Coptic Egypt
Set in the 5th century AD, Azazeel is the exquisitely crafted tale of a Coptic monk's journey from Upper Egypt to Alexandria and then Syria during a time of massive upheaval in the early Church. The monk, Hepa, embarks on a journey both physical and spiritual, encountering the devil, Azazeel, and the hardship of severe temptation. At times able to resist, while at others bending to the strengths of his desire, Hepa learns that physical pleasure and spiritual enlightenment can be two sides of the same coin. Winner of the Arab Booker Prize, Azazeel highlights how the history of our civilization has been warped by greed and avarice since its very beginnings and how one man's beliefs are challenged not only by the malice of the devil, but by the corruption with the early Church. In sparse and often sparkling prose that reflects the arid beauty of the Syrian landscape, Azazeel is a novel that forces us to re-think many of our long-held beliefs and invites us to rediscover a lost history.
This volume publishes a new "Coptic handbook of ritual power", comprising a complete 20 page parchment codex from the second half of the first millennium AD. It consists of an invocation including both Christian and Gnostic elements, ritual instructions, and a list of twenty-seven spells to cure demonic possession, various ailments, the effects of magic, or to bring success in love and business. The codex is not only a substantial new addition to the corpus of magical texts from Egypt, but, in its opening invocation, also provides new evidence for Sethian Gnostic thoughtin Coptic texts. "A Coptic handbook of ritual power" is the first volume in the series The Macquarie Papyri, which will publish the papyri in the collection of the Museum of Ancient Cultures, Macquarie University (Sydney, Australia).
Get to know the women of Jeme, a Christian enclave in Egypt that existed from 600 to 800 C.E. Using texts documenting the women's activities, the physical remains of their possessions, and the writings of the local religious leaders, T. G. Wilfong traces the lives and careers of individual women and, through them, arrives at an understanding of the reality of women's lives in this place and time. Contrary to the submissive, demure ideals for women proposed by the religious writers of Christian Egypt, the evidence from Jeme points to a more complex, dynamic situation. Women were active in the home, but some also played important and visible parts in the religious and economic life of their community. A bishop's attempts to monitor the behavior of the women in his district, the intricate inheritance dispute between an aunt and her niece, one woman's pious donations of murals to a church, three women's agonized decisions to give up their children to the local monastery, and the transactions of a family of women moneylenders--all these episodes paint a vivid picture of life in a Coptic town. Although the remains of Jeme have long been known to scholars, little synthetic work has been done on this rich source for social history in Egypt before and after the Muslim conquests. The Women of Jeme is the first book-length study of the evidence. It will be of interest to Egyptologists and papyrologists, as well as to scholars of Coptic studies, early Christianity, social history and women's studies. The book assumes no prior knowledge of the subject, and the author has taken care to make it accessible to anyone with an interest in the ancient world. T. G. Wilfong is Assistant Professor of Egyptology and Assistant Curator for Greco-Roman Egypt, University of Michigan.
The Agpeya, being the Coptic Orthodox book of hours according to the present-day usage in the Church of Alexandria
Hristiane na Vostoke = Christians in the Holy Land : iskusstvo mel'kitov i inoslavnyh hristian
Coptic documentary texts from Kellis. Vol. 2, P. Kellis VII (P. Kellis Copt. 57-131)
Coptic Egypt : history and guide
Shaykh Damanhūrī on the churches of Cairo (1739) = Iqāmat al-ḥuǧǧat al-bāhira ʻalā hadm kanāʼis Miṣr wal-Qāhira
Unity in diversity : interfaith dialogue in the Middle East
Journal of Coptic studies. Volume 4.
Early Egyptian Christianity : from its origins to 451 C.E
A Coptic handbook of ritual power (P. Macq I 1)
The Coptic question in the Mubarak era
Coptic documentary texts from Kellis
Christians in Muslim Egypt : an historical study of the relations between Copts and Muslims from 640 to 1922
Female monks have been discussed within the spheres of socio-history, theology, and literary analysis, but no comprehensive study has focused on their historical and gendered context until now. This book reexamines their hagiographies to reveal that female protagonists possess a holy womanhood regardless of having layers of masculinity applied to their characters. Each masculine layer is scrutinized to explore its purpose in the plots and the plausible motivations for the utilization of transvestite figures in religious literature. Hagiographers had no intention of transforming their religious protagonists into anything but determined, holy women who are forced to act drastically in order to sustain ascetic dreams begun while mothers, wives, daughters, and sisters. Through an intertextual method, masculinity and literary themes work to contextualize praise for a holy womanhood within an acceptable gendered language, which seems to support a belief in the spiritual potential of women. This book highlights the potential for complex irony to develop around a female transvestite, which supplies religious tales with intrigue and interest, an ability to instruct/chastise mixed audiences, and a potential to portray the reversal inherent in the human drama of salvation.
The representation of Dionysos in Egyptian textiles since late antiquity
Removing masculine layers to reveal a holy womanhood : the female transvestite monks of late antique Eastern Christianity
Religious minorities, nation states, and security : five cases from the Balkans and the Eastern Mediterranean
Women of Jeme : lives in a Coptic town in late antique Egypt
The Holy Pascha : being the liturgies of the Holy Week of Pascha according to the current usage in The Church of Alexandria
Personal identity and social power in New Kingdom and Coptic Egypt
The Copts through the ages
Coptology: past, present, and future : studies in honour of Rodolphe Kasser
Martys and martydom in the coptic church
The cult of the seer in the ancient Middle East : a contribution to current research on hallucinations drawn from Coptic and other texts
The Copts of Egypt : challenges of modernisation and identity
Lazarus Saturday and The Feast of the Entry of our Lord into Jerusalem
"The Copts of Egypt, who make up 10-15 percent of the population, have traditionally been viewed as a 'beleaguered and persecuted minority.' Using newly discovered Coptic archival sources, Vivian Ibrahim presents a fresh and vivid alternative reading of the community during the twentieth centry. Avoiding the established portrayal of a monolithic entity headed by the Coptic Pope, Ibrahim examines the multifaceted dimensions of the Coptic community, assessing Coptic-State relations on one hand and Coptic intra-communal dimensions on the other."--P. [2] of jacket.
