http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26295 repeatability
repeatability
Cartilage-related diseases such as osteoarthritis (OA) are a major cause of disability and decrease in the quality of life. Moreover OA causes a heavy economical burden on the social welfare and health care systems. Conventional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) provides accurate noninvasive method of morphological evaluation of the articular cartilage. However, there are early degenerative changes in the articular cartilage that can be evaluated with modern quantitative MRI methods prior to the signs of cartilage loss. In this study, T2 relaxation time of the articular cartilage was further evaluated in 1.5T in vivo using clinical patients and asymptomatic volunteers. The detection of focal patellar cartilage lesions in T2 mapping as compared to standard clinical MRI was evaluated. T2 mapping showed more lesions than the clinical MRI, and in T2 maps the lesions appeared generally wider. This suggests that T2-mapping is feasible in the clinical setting and may reveal cartilage lesions not seen in the standard knee MRI. The normal topographical variation of T2 relaxation time of articular cartilage in different compartments of the knee joint and at different zones of cartilage in young healthy adults was assessed. T2 values were significantly higher in the superficial zone as compared to the deep tissue at all locations and there was remarkable variation in T2 relaxation between different locations. The normal variation in cartilage T2 within a joint is significant and should be acknowledged when pathology-related T2 changes are investigated. The short- and long-term repeatability of T2 relaxation time measurements of articular cartilage in the knee joint was assessed. The results showed mostly good repeatability, and with careful patient positioning T2 relaxation time at the different cartilage surfaces of the knee can be accurately determined.
Advanced methods in diagnostic genetic laboratory
Simulation methods in the modelling of bioaffinity assays
RF production calibration accuracy of a mobile phone
Imaging studies in the mouse model of progressive myoclonus epilepsy of Unverricht-Lundborg type, EPM1
Maternal pelvis, feto-pelvic index and labor dystocia
Diffusion tensor imaging as a diagnostic and research tool : a study on preterm infants
Development of amplification-based technologies for enrichment of nucleic acids with difficult sequences or low-abundance point mutations
Analysis of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in doping control
Prognostic models in traumatic brain injury
Non-response and information bias in population-based psychiatric research:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort study
Hippocampal lesions in aged populations : neuropathological and epidemiological studies
T2 relaxation of articular cartilage : normal variation, repeatability and detection of patellar cartilage lesions
T2 relaxation of articular cartilage:normal variation, repeatability and detection of patellar cartilage lesions
