http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26251 Nobel prize winners
Nobel prize winners
Living the great illusion : Sir Norman Angell, 1872-1967
Sanat = The lyrics : 1961-2012
Nobel laureates in chemistry 1901-1992
The geography of creativity
The Art of Scientific Discovery : Creativity, Giftedness and the Nobel Laureates
Brave genius : a scientist, a philosopher, and their daring adventures from the French resistance to the Nobel Prize
The undoing project : a friendship that changed the world
The people in the trees
In a relatively brief but masterful recounting, Professor Ulf Lagerkvist traces the origins and seminal developments in the field of chemistry, highlighting the discoveries and personalities of the individuals who transformed the ancient myths of the Greeks, the musings of the alchemists, the mystique of phlogiston into the realities and the laws governing the properties and behavior of the elements; in short, how chemistry became a true science. A centerpiece of this historical journey was the triumph by Dmitri Mendeleev who conceived the Periodic Law of the Elements, the relation between the properties of the elements and their atomic weights but more precisely their atomic number. Aside from providing order to the elements known at the time, the law predicted the existence and atomic order of elements not then known but were discovered soon after. An underlying but explicit intent of Lagerkist's survey is to address what he believes was a gross injustice in denying Mendeleev the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1905 and again in 1906. Delving into the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences' detailed records concerning the nominations, Lagerkvist reveals the judging criteria and the often heated and prejudicial arguments favoring and demeaning the contributions of the competing contenders of those years. Lagerkvist, who was a member of the Swedish Academy of Sciences and has participated in judging nominations for the chemistry prize, concludes "It is in the nature of the Nobel Prize that there will always be a number candidates who obviously deserve to be rewarded but never get the accolade".
Peacemakers
The undoing project : a friendship that changed our minds
Forty years ago, Israeli psychologists Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky wrote a series of studies undoing our assumptions about the decision-making process. Their papers showed the ways in which the human mind erred, systematically, when forced to make judgments in uncertain situations. Their work created the field of behavioral economics, revolutionized Big Data studies, advanced evidence-based medicine, led to a new approach to government regulation, and made much of Michael Lewis's own work possible. Kahneman and Tversky are more responsible than anybody for the powerful trend to mistrust human intuition and defer to algorithms. The Undoing Project is about a collaboration between two men who became heroes in the university and on the battlefield -- both had important careers in the Israeli military -- and whose research was deeply linked to their extraordinary life experiences. Amos Tversky was a brilliant, self-confident warrior and extrovert, the center of rapt attention in any room; Kahneman, a fugitive from the Nazis in his childhood, was an introvert whose questing self-doubt was the seedbed of his ideas. They worked together so closely that they couldn't remember whose brain originated which ideas, or who should claim credit. They flipped a coin to decide the lead authorship on the first paper they wrote, and simply alternated thereafter. This story about the workings of the human mind is explored through the personalities of two fascinating individuals so fundamentally different from each other that they seem unlikely friends or colleagues. In the process they may well have changed, for good, mankind's view of its own mind.
Alice Munro : writing her lives : a biography
How to win the Nobel Prize in literature : a handbook for the would-be laureate
A Harold Pinter chronology
Albert Luthuli and Dag Hammarskjöld - leaders and visionaries : symposia in commemoration of the award of the Nobel Peace Prize to Chief Albert Luthuli and Dag Hammarskjöld
The periodic table and a missed Nobel Prize
Fire down below
Nobel prize winners, 1992-1996 supplement : an H. W. Wilson biographical dictionary
Making Marie Curie : intellectual property and celebrity culture in an age of information
Steel gate to freedom ; the life of Liu Xiaobo
Twilight of the eastern gods
Madness and memory : the discovery of prions - a new biological principle of disease
View with a grain of sand : selected poems
Nobel prize winners supplement 1987-1991 : a H. W. Wilson biographical dictionary
He named me Malala
Nobel Prize winners, 1997-2001 supplement : an H.W. Wilson biographical dictionary
In 1997, Stanley B. Prusiner received a Nobel Prize, the world's most prestigious award for achievement in physiology or medicine. That he was the sole recipient of the award for the year was entirely appropriate. His struggle to identify the agent responsible for ravaging the brains of animals suffering from scrapie and mad cow disease, and of humans with Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, had been waged largely alone and in some cases in the face of strenuous disagreement. In this book, Prusiner tells the remarkable story of his discovery of prions -- infectious proteins that replicate and cause disease but surprisingly contain no genetic material -- and reveals how superb and meticulous science is actually practiced with talented teams of researchers who persevere. He recounts the frustrations and rewards of years of research and offers fascinating portraits of his peers as they raced to discover the causes of fatal brain diseases. Prusiner's hypothesis, once considered heresy, now stands as accepted science and the basis for developing diagnoses and eventual cures. He closes with a meditation on the legacy of his discovery: What will it take to cure Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, Lou Gehrig's and other devastating diseases of the brain?
Nobel Prize women in science : their lives, struggles, and momentous discoveries
