http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26368 religious perceptions
religious perceptions
The religions book
The secret of the totem : religion and society from McLennan to Freud
For a man whom history can never forget, Adolf Hitler remains a persistent mystery on one front--his religious faith. Atheists tend to insist Hitler was a devout Christian. Christians counter that he was an atheist. And still others suggest that he was a practicing member of the occult. None of these theories are true, says historian Richard Weikart. Delving more deeply into the question of Hitler's religious faith than any researcher to date, Weikart reveals the startling and fascinating truth about the most hated man of the 20th century: Adolf Hitler was a pantheist who believed nature was God. In Hitler's Religion, Weikart explains how the laws of nature became Hitler's only moral guide--how he became convinced he would serve God by annihilating supposedly "inferior" human beings and promoting the welfare and reproduction of the allegedly superior Aryans in accordance with racist forms of Darwinism prevalent at the time.
Rethinking the sacred : the notions of 'human body' and 'territory' in conceptualizing religion
Man, God and immortality : thoughts on human progress
Merit and the millennium : routine and crisis in the ritual lives of the Lahu people
The foundations of faith and morals : an anthropological analysis of primitive beliefs and conduct with special reference to the fundamental problems of religion and ethics, delivered before the University of Durham at Armstrong College, Newcastle-Upon-Tyne, February 1935
Place and spirit in Taiwan : Tudi Gong in the stories, strategies, and memories of everyday life
Does the sacred make a difference? : category formation in comparative religion
The notion of "sacred" in language, history, culture and cognition
Islamic spirituality and modern science : the scientific bases of Sufism
In the article the issue of sacrality is explored from the points of view of cultural anthropology and cognitive science of religion. Culture-specific contents of meaning bestowed on the notion of "sacred" are not approached as religious representations in which some theologically defined agent, metaphysical entity or otherworldly level of existence is believed to manifest itself to human beings. Instead, various attributions of sacrality are explored as representations of the general mental capacity of human beings to set apart places and sites in specific locations and points of terrain in local topography in order to mark ritual spaces and establish rules of conduct for their maintenance as well as for specific social valus and categorizations on which the inviolability of behavioral norms is based.
The sacred and the profane : the nature of religion
Charming beauties and frightful beasts : non-human animals in South Asian myth, ritual and folklore
Peoples and cultures of the Pacific : an anthropological reader
In this volume, thirty-seven first-rate evangelical scholars present a thorough study of biblical authority and a full range of issues connected to it. Recognizing that Scripture and its authority are now being both challenged and defended with renewed vigor, editor D.A. Carson assigned the topics that these select scholars address in the book. After an introduction by Carson to the many facets of the current discussion, the contributors present robust essays on relevant historical, biblical, theological, philosophical, epistemological, and comparative-religions topics. To conclude, Carson answers a number of frequently asked questions about the nature of Scripture, cross-referencing these FAQs to the preceding chapters. This comprehensive volume by a team of recognized experts will be the go-to reference on the nature and authority of the Bible for years to come.
Horses and the mystical path : the Celtic way of expanding the human soul
Religion and culture : an introduction to anthropology of religion
The natural history of the soul in ancient Mexico
Animals of the soul : sacred animals of the Oglala Sioux
Discourse and the social life of meaning
Disability in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam : Sacred texts, historical traditions, and social analysis
On the construction of history
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 5, 2, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
After Rorty : the possibilities for ethics and religious belief
The elementary forms of the religious life : a study in religious sociology
Hitler's religion : the twisted beliefs that drove the Third Reich
Sacred pain : hurting the body for the sake of the soul
The importance of religion : meaning and action in our strange world
This edited collection of essays critically examines how diverse religions of the world represent, understand, theologize, theorize and respond to disability and/or chronic illness. Contributors employ a wide variety of methodological approaches including ethnography, historical, cultural, or textual analysis, personal narrative, and theological/philosophical investigation.
A sociable god : toward a new understanding of religion
Goguryeo : in search of its culture and history
The concept of religion in current studies of Scandinavian pre-Christian religion
Tikopia ritual and belief
Nation and its territory as ritualized space : examining the concept of the sacred as a boundary marker in Finland
Ritual and belief in Morocco. Volume I
Theologies of liberation and reconstruction : essays in honour of professor J. N. K. Mugambi, Ph.D
Sacred
What is it that we call 'religion'? : analyzing the epistemological status of the sacred as a scholarly category in comparative religion
Seeking Mahādevī : constructing the indentities of the Hindu Great Goddess
Soul hunters : hunting, animism, and personhood among the Siberian Yukaghirs
Lay belief in Norse society, 1000-1350
Culture wars : state, religion and popular culture in Europe, 1400-1800
The malevolent eye : an essay on the evil eye, fertility and the concept of mana
The new Christianity : an anthology of the rise of modern religious thought
Man and woman : a divine invention
Searching for health in a world of dis-ease : affliction management among rural Hausa of the Marandi Valley (Republic of Niger). Volume 1
Symbolism, the sacred, and the arts
Anthropology and theology
Focuses on the complex and diversified nature of lay belief in medieval Norse society. This work suggests that laypeople had a firm belief in life after death - with all central rituals and beliefs seen as a means to this end.
A Borneo journey into death : Berawan eschatology from its rituals
Garnered sheaves : essays, addresses, and reviews
From primitives to Zen : a thematic sourcebook of the history of religions
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
The faith of William Shakespeare
The jaguar and the priest : an ethnography of Tzeltal souls
Conciliation of powers : the force of religion in society
Loci sacri : understanding sacred places
Gender, sexuality and the supranormal : Finnish oral-traditional sources
Shinto : the Kami way
"The Importance of Religion reveals the significance of religion in modern times, showing how it provides people with meaning to their lives and helps guide them in their everyday moral choices Provides readers with a new understanding of religion, demonstrating how in its actions, texts and world views religion is enduring and vividly engages with the mystery of the world Offers striking arguments about the relationship of religion to science, art and politics Engagingly written by a highly respected scholar of religion with an international reputation".
Transcending bodily and territorial boundaries : interpreting shamanism as a form of religion
Religion and human nature
Language, charisma, and creativity : the ritual life of a religious movement
My brother Esau is a hairy man : hair and identity in ancient Israel
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 2, Taboo and the perils of the soul
Toward a cognitive theory of the sacred : an ethnographic approach
"Betwixt and between" : theorising liminality and sacredness in Buile Suibhne
The book tries to demonstrate the scientific reality of Islamic spirituality and clarify the misunderstandings and confusions about Islamic spirituality on scientific grounds. Scientific orthodoxy refers to magnetic sensitivity in human beings, electromagnetic energies that permeate our atmosphere, the flow of positive and negative ions in the atmosphere affecting human brain activity, the function of the pineal gland and many other empirical sources of transcendent experience that are yet to be investigated. This magnetic energy basis of spiritual experience, which the scientific camp has been forced into revealing, has proved to be a welcome development of modern science from the point of view of Islamic spirituality.
The primal pentecostal imagination : variants, origins and importance
A theology of alterity : Levinas, Von Balthasar, and Trinitarian praxis
The enduring authority of the Christian scriptures
Aboriginal woman : sacred and profane
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 7, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Folk beliefs and shamanistic traditions in Siberia
Conceptions of the soul among North American Indians : a study in religious ethnology
The history and structure of Korean shamanism
The rivers north of the future : the testament of Ivan Illich
Introducing Daoism
"Just Wars, Holy Wars, and Jihads explores the development of ideas of morally justified or legitimate war in Western and Islamic civilizations. Historically, these ideas have been grouped under three labels: just war, holy war, and jihad. A large body of literature exists exploring the development of just war and holy war concepts in the West and of jihad in Islam. Yet, to date, no book has investigated in depth the historical interaction between Western notions of just or holy war and Muslim definitions of jihad. This book is a major contribution to the comparative study of the ethics of war and peace in the West and Islam. Its twenty chapters explore two broad questions: 1. What historical evidence exists that Christian and Jewish writers on just war and holy war and Muslim writers on jihad knew of the other tradition? ; 2. What is the evidence in treatises, chronicles, speeches, ballads, and other historical records, or in practice, that either tradition influenced the other?. The book surveys the period from the rise of Islam in the early seventh century to the present day. Part One surveys the impact of the early Islamic conquests upon Byzantine, Syriac, and Muslim thinking on justified war. Part Two probes developments during the Crusades. Part Three focuses on the early modern period in Europe and the Ottoman Empire, followed by analysis of the era of European imperialism in Part Four. Part Five brings the discussion into the present period, with chapters analyzing the impact of international law and terrorism on conceptions of just war and jihad."--Publisher's website.
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 7, 1, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
On Roman religion : lived religion and the individual in ancient Rome
Islam and democracy
The collected works of Edward Burnett Tylor. Vol. 4, Primitive culture : researches into the development of mythology, philosophy, religion, art, and custom. II
Modernity and its malcontents : ritual and power in postcolonial Africa
In follow-up to her acclaimed Privilege of Being a Woman, Dr. von Hildebrand expands the discussion to explore how the fullness of human nature is found in the perfect union between man and woman. God chose to create man doubly complex. He made man of both soul and body a spiritual reality and a material reality. To crown this complexity, He created them male and female. Dr. von Hildebrand elucidates the tragic separation that happened with original sin and the consequences of this brokenness in the world today: the distortion of the male and female genius, supernatural blindness, and the triumph of secularism. She explores how this brokenness can be healed by following God's Divine plan for man and woman. We see this first and foremost in our Blessed Mother, exemplar of the path to holiness. This is also seen in the characteristics of saintly male / female relationships between husbands and wives, fathers and daughters, mothers and sons, brothers and sisters, and holy friendships. It is only by coming to more fully understand the Divine plan for man and woman, and submitting ourselves to His plan, that true complementarity harmony of body and soul, male and female can be accomplished.
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 2, Taboo and the perils of the soul
The heathens : primitive man and his religions
The rise of the Goddess in the Hindu tradition
Singing to the Jinas : Jain laywomen, Maṇḍaḷ singing, and the negotiations of Jain devotion
Shifting authorities and new legitimacies
"In spite of the noble efforts of scientific reason to reveal everything to us, in many ways the world remains a mysterious place. For so many people, religion continues to represent a crucial guide to navigating through the strange world we all inhabit - yet never in history has religion been more misunderstood. The Importance of Religion illuminates the central importance of religion in modern times, revealing how it crucially provides people with meaning to their lives and guides them in their everyday moral choices. Renowned religion scholar Gavin Flood argues that modern religions do not just represent passive notions about the nature of reality, but are active and inspirational - they show us ways of living, dying, choosing a good life, and inhabiting the strange and mysterious world of the twenty-first century. In a wide-ranging, engaging and brilliant book, Gavin Flood discusses the nature and meaning of religion and spirituality; and religion's relationship with politics, science, evolutionary biology, human rights, culture, humanism, and more. The Importance of Religion offers rich insights into the myriad ways religion provides meaning to the lives of people and communities in the modern world".
The preadamite theory and the marriage of science and religion
The production and consumption of sacred substances in Irish funerary tradition
The quest : history and meaning in religion
"Strives to radically utilize Emmanuel Levinas's philosophical framework, bringing it into conversation with the theology of Hans Urs von Balthasar, to construct a post-ontotheological account of theology that unites theory and praxis. By allowing Levinas's Judaism to challenge von Balthasar's Catholicism, Glenn Morrison develops a perspective that is both theologically rich and philosophically provocative"--Provided by publisher.
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 5, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
Myth and religion in Mircea Eliade
Approaches to religion and mythology in Celtic studies
Secularism and freedom of conscience
Divinity and history : the religion of Herodotus
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 7, 2, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Sacrality and worldmaking : new categorial perspectives
Tales of the sacred and the supernatural
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 3, The dying god
Birds with human souls : a guide to bird symbolism
Just wars, holy wars, and jihads : Christian, Jewish, and Muslim encounters and exchanges
Developments in Polynesian ethnology
Man and the sacred
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Neimed : exploring social distinctions and sacredness in early Irish legal sources
Creation and humanity
This third volume of Veli-Matti Kärkkäinen's ambitious five volume theology project develops a Christian theology of creation and humanity (theological anthropology) in dialogue with the Christian tradition, with contemporary theology in all its global and contextual diversity, and with other major living faiths — Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, and Hinduism. In constructing his theology of creation and humanity, Kärkkäinen uniquely engages the natural sciences, including physical, cosmological, and neuroscientific theories. He devotes particular attention to the topics of divine action in a world subjected to scientific study, environmental pollution, human flourishing, and the theological implications of evolutionary theory — with regard to both cosmos and humanity.
Ethnophilosophical and ethnolinguistic perspectives on the Huron Indian soul
Space, body, and the notion of boundary : a category-theoretical approach to religion
Anasyrma in the Finnish tradition
A companion to the anthropology of religion
