http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26359 computer networks
computer networks
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Introduction to cryptology and PC security
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Students' level of interest and opinions on a possibility of acquiring a school provided personal laptop : Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
Web security : a whitehat perspective
Mathematical preliminaries for computer networking
Network magazine
Actual and Potential Pedagogical Use of Tablets in Schools
Social media in the middle of nowhere : NBE 2011 Conference
The systemic cognition of e-learning success in internationally operating organizations
Technologies to support learning, well-being, and communication
The essential CORBA : systems integration using distributed objects
Small world for dynamic wireless cyber-physical systems
Distributed systems and networks
Business trends in the digital era : evolution of theories and applications
Integrated network management, III : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/WG6.6 Third International Symposium on Integrated Network Management with participation of the IEEE Communications Society CNOM and with support from the Institute for Educational Services, San Francisco, California, USA, 18-23 April, 1993
Educational technology: opportunities and challenges
Proceedings of QoP'07, DRM'07, StorageSS'07, WPES'07, STC'07, WORM'07, CSAW'07, DIM'07, SWS'07 & FMSE'07 : CCS'07 co-located workshops : Oct. 29-Nov. 2, 2007, Alexandria & Fairfax, Virginia, USA
Change in the making : strategic and pedagogical aspects of technology integration in language teaching : towards multimodal language learning environments
Computer networking and guidance of home network security
"Security is an inherently temporal proposition. In the modern political philosophical tradition, security is an essential bulwark against the exigencies of an unknowable future. For Thomas Hobbes, whose Leviathan (1651) is a foundation of Western political theory, security is the antidote to a situation in which man, 'in the care of future time, hath his heart all day long, gnawed on by feare of death, poverty, or other calamity; and has no repose, nor pause of his anxiety, but in sleep' (Hobbes 1996: 76). Security arises as a central feature of the social contract between people and the state, in which the pursuit and practices of security are invoked to calm the jittery present by the imposition of order on times yet to come"--
Data and computer communications
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Online education using learning objects
Computer confluence : tomorrow's technology and you
"This book introduces nearly all aspects of web security. It reveals how hackers work and explains why companies of different scale should choose their own methodology of security. With in depth analysis of the reasons behind the choices, the book covers client script security, server applications security, and Internet company security operations. It also includes coverage of browser security, cross sites script attacks, click jacking, HTML5/PHP security, injection attacks, authentication, session management, access control, web frame security, DDOS, leaks, Internet transactions security, security development lifecycle, and security operations. "--
Protocols for high speed networks VI : IFIP TC6 WG6.1 & WG6.4/IEEE ComSoc TC on Gigabit Networking Sixth International Workshop on Protocols for High-Speed Networks (PfHSN '99), August 25-27, 1999, Salem, Massachusetts, USA
System Center 2012 configuration manager : unleashed
Networks and telecommunications : design and operation
Broadband communications, II : proceedings of the IFIP TC6 Second International Conference on Broadband Communications, Paris, France, 2-4 March 1994
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
An anomaly detection system for computer networks
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
Cryptography and network security : principles and practices
Protocol test systems, IV : proceedings of the IFIP TC6 Fourth International Workshop on Protocol Test Systems, organized by PTT Research, Leidschendam, The Netherlands, 15-17 October, 1991
Protocols for high speed networks V : TC6 WG6.1/6.4 Fifth International Workshop on Protocols for High-Speed Networks (PfHSN '96), 28-30 October 1996, Sophia Antipolis, France
Economics of information security and privacy III
Network and internet security : principles and practice
High speed networks and their performance : proceedings of the IFIP TC6 Task Force/WG6.4 Fifth International Conference on Data Communication Systems and their Performance, Raleigh, NC, USA, 26-28 October, 1993
Charting Teachers' Perspective on Utilizing Distance Learning in Higher Education
OSF DCE : guide to developing distributed applications
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
Foundations of modern networking : SDN, NFV, QoE, IoT, and Cloud
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
iConnected : use AirPlay, iCloud, apps, and more to bring your Apple devices together
Upper layer protocols, architectures and applications : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/WG6.5 International Conference on Upper Layer Protocols, Architectures and Applications, Vancouver, B.C., Canada, 27-29 May, 1992
Integrated e-learning : implications for pedagogy, technology and organization
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning
Multiwavelength optical networks : architectures, design, and control
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Proceedings of the 10th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS-2003), October 27-31, 2003, Washington, DC, USA
CCS' 09 : proceedings of 16th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security, November 9-13, 2009, Chicago, Illinois
Quality of machine translations by Google Translate, Microsoft Bing Translator and iTranslate4
Computer networks
Libraries, networks and OSI : a review with a report on North American developments
Foundations of computing
Educational cooperation and collaboration : ICT and international project work
Learning theory and online technologies
Protocols for high speed networks IV
Scalable parallel computing : technology, architecture, programming
6th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security, November 2-4, 1999 Kent Ridge Digital Labs, Singapore
"This book's purpose is to inform educators and instructional designers of issues and cultural misunderstandings that could hinder the effective transfer of knowledge when e-learning is exported to other cultures. Addressing these cultural challenges will enhance the effectiveness of e-learning, thereby supporting the societal benefits of increased access to education at a global level"--Provided by publisher.
This one handy book covers all the essentials you need to know about running a network. It explains how to set up and use a computer network, including installing network hardware, administration and security, TCP/IP, wireless networking, mobile networking, Windows Server 2012 reference, and managing Linux systems.
Nucleus model for designing social mindtools : woven stories
Proceedings of the 7th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security, CCS 2000, Athens, Greece, November 1-4, 2000
Evaluations of an experiental gaming model
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
Actual and potential pedagogical use of tablets in schools
Proceedings of the 8th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS-8), November 5-8, 2001, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA
Methods and systems for vision-based proactive applications
Virtually face to face : enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
Performance of distributed systems and integrated communication networks : proceedings of the IFIP WG 7.3 International Conference on the Performance of Distributed Systems and Integrated Communication Networks, Kyoto, Japan, 10-12 September 1991
Children's learning in a digital world
Dynamic Hydraulic Monitoring in District Metering Areas
This valuable handbook is a comprehensive compilation of state-of-art advances on security in computer networks. More than 40 internationally recognized authorities in the field of security and networks contribute articles in their areas of expertise. These international researchers and practitioners are from highly-respected universities, renowned research institutions and IT companies from all over the world. Each self-contained chapter covers one essential research topic on security in computer networks. All chapters contains a comprehensive overview, the latest pioneering work and, future research direction of a research topic.
Network computing
Local and metropolitan area networks
Flash Professional CS5 digital classroom
Learnability makes things click : a grounded theory approach to the software product evaluation
Currently e-learning is considered an essential part of the everyday learning processes for both teachers and students in higher education. However, the learning results of e-learning are under debate and there is a growing critique on the efficiency and actual results of e-learning. In this paper we present our on-going work for exploring higher education students and teachers recent perceptions of their e-learning experiences, the usage of e-learning technologies and developing the learning process. Two surveys were conducted in order to investigate and compare the perceived advantages, challenges and needs for support among the students and teachers in higher education.  According to the results the perceived advantages of e-learning for both teachers and students were fairly similar. Flexibility in use of time and place were found as the most important benefit of e-learning. Some teachers conceived that e-learning was more activating than traditional learning in terms of increasing presence and participation. However, the results indicate that some of the students were not convinced about the activating advantages of e-learning.   The main challenges in e-learning for both students and teachers dealt with technical issues, (i.e. non-functioning data connections and software) and teacher-student interaction. Both students and teachers also experienced problems in directing the learning situation (e.g. finding/raising motivation, taking possible learning hindrances into account). Teachers also highlighted the students¿ lack of commitment as a challenge in e-learning.  Based on the studies we suggest that in order to ensure the high-quality learning results in e-learning continuous and relevant training and peer support for educators and students are needed. Additionally it is important to enhance the user experience and the content and materials of the courses should be designed carefully. We also suggest that in e-learning the interaction between teachers and peer students should be improved.
High performance networking, V : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/WG6.4 Fifth International Conference on High Performance Networking, Grenoble, France, 27 June - 1 July, 1994
Broadband communications : proceedings of the IFIP TC6 Workshop on Broadband Communications, Estoril, Portugal, 20-22 January 1992
Comparison of higher education student and teacher perceptions of e-learning
Informal learning in digital era : social relationships, emotion and competencies
Peeking inside the cloud
Cyber security and the politics of time
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
"Preface In mid-2010, Zhang Chunyu asked me if I could write a book on cloud computing. While the concept of cloud computing is very popular, there is not enough written material on how to handle this. Though I have kept myself up to date with this technology, I declined Zhang's request as the prospects in the field were not clear and instead wrote this book on web security. My Road of Security My interest in security developed when I was a student, after I got a book on hacking with no ISBN from the black market. The book had a teaching course on coolfire, which intrigued me. Ever since, I have been hooked to hacking and have taken much interest in practicing the techniques covered in these types of books. In 2000, I joined Xi'an Jiaotong University. Fortunately for me, the computer room at the university was open even after school hours. Though the price of online browsing was high, I invested most of my living expenses in the computer room. In return, I was gaining more knowledge in this field. With the momentum gained at university, I soon got my first computer with the help of my parents. This only helped to increase my interest in the field. In a short while, I collaborated with my friends to set up a technical organization called ph4nt0m.org, named after my favorite comic character. Though the organization did not last long, it helped groom top talents through communication forums that it initiated. This was the proudest achievement in the 20 years of my life. Due to the openness of the Internet and the advances in technology, I have witnessed nearly all the developments in Internet security in the last decade. During the first five years, I witnessed the technology in penetrating tests, cache overflow, and web hacking; for the next five years"--
Networks : an introduction
Microsoft system center 2012 service manager cookbook
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
In recent years, technological advancements have enabled higher-learning institutions to offer millions of independent learners the opportunity to participate in open-access online courses. As this practice expands, drawing considerable media attention, questions continue to arise regarding pedagogical methodology and the long-term viability of open learning. Furthering Higher Education Possibilities through Massive Open Online Courses seeks to provide a space for discussion of MOOCs: what they mean for the learning process, how they are redefining the concept of a classroom, and what effects they may have on the role of teachers. Featuring emerging research on a variety of topics relating to distance education, informal learning, as well as educational costs and funding, this book is aimed at teachers, administrators, business professionals, and designers of both curricular resources and e-classroom technology.
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
This book introduces 10 mega business trends, ranging from big data to the O2O model. By mining and analyzing mountains of data, the author identifies these 10 emerging trends and goes to great lengths to explain and support his views with up-to-date cases. By incorporating the latest developments, this book allows readers to keep abreast of rapidly advancing digital technologies and business models. In this time of mass entrepreneurship and innovation, acquiring deep insights into business trends and grasping opportunities for innovation give readers (business executives in particular) and their companies a competitive advantage and the potential to become the next success story. The Chinese version of the book has become a hit, with some business schools using it as a textbook for their S&T Innovation and Business Trends programs. It also provides business executives with a practical guide for their investment and operation decisions.
Modelling and performance evaluation of ATM technology : proceedings of the IFIP TC6 Task Group/WG6.4 International Workshop on Performance of Communication Systems, Martinique, French Caribbean Island, January 25-27, 1993
5th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security, November 3-5, 1998, San Francisco, California
Surfing the net!
CCS'06 workshops : proceedings of the 13th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security workshops : DIM'06, DRM'06, FMSE'06, QoP'06, SASN'06, STC'06, StorageSS'06, VizSEC'06, WORM'06, WPES'06 : Oct. 30-Nov. 3, 2006, Alexandria, VA, USA
"How seemingly innocuous technologies are unsettling the balance of power by putting it in the hands of the masses--and what a world without "big" will mean for all of us. In The End of Big, Internet pioneer and Harvard Kennedy School lecturer Nicco Mele draws on nearly twenty years of experience to explore the consequences of revolutionary technology. Our ability to connect instantly, constantly, and globally is altering the exercise of power with dramatic speed. Governments, corporations, centers of knowledge, and expertise are eroding before the power of the individual. It can be good in some cases, but as Mele reveals, the promise of the Internet comes with a troubling downside. He asks: How does radical thinking underpin the design of everyday technology--and undermine power? How do we trust information when journalists are replaced by bloggers, phone videos, and tweets? Two-party government: will its collapse bring us qualified leaders, or demagogues and special-interest-backed politicians? Web-based micro-businesses can out-compete major corporations, but who enforces basic regulations--product safety, privacy protection, fraud, and tax collection? Currency, health and safety systems, rule of law: when these erode, are we better off? Unless we exercise deliberate moral choice over the design and use of technologies, Mele says, we doom ourselves to a future that tramples human values, renders social structures chaotic, and destroys rather than enhances freedom. Both hopeful and alarming, thought-provoking and passionately-argued, The End of Big is an important book about our present--and our future"--
The essential distributed objects survival guide
Campus futurus:perspectives on learning and technology
Online store based on Magento E-commerce
Emotional obstacles of e-learning
Computer and communications security : strategies for the 1990s
Formal description techniques, V : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/WG6.1 Fifth International Conference on Formal Description Techniques for Distributed Systems and Communications Protocols -FORTE '92, Perros-Guirec, France, 13-16 October 1992
Furthering higher education possibilities through massive open online courses
Flash 10 multiplayer game essentials : create exciting real-time multiplayer games using Flash
Teaching with technologies : the essential guide
Organizations in the network age
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
The human resources software handbook : evaluating technology solutions for your organization
Learning Slovak in an E-Learning Environment: A case study
Client/server data access with Java and XML
Security architecture for open distributed systems
Protection and security on the information superhighway
STUDENTS’ LEVEL OF INTEREST AND OPINIONS ON A POSSIBILITY OF ACQUIRING A SCHOOL PROVIDED PERSONAL LAPTOP. : Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Globalized e-learning cultural challenges
Communication networks for smart grids : making smart grid real
Computer and information security handbook
Wireless network site surveying and installation
Protocol specification, testing and verification, XIII : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/WG6.1 Thirteenth International Symposium on Protocol Specification, Testing and Verification, Liège, Belgium, 25-28 May, 1993
"The scientific study of networks, including computer networks, social networks, and biological networks, has received an enormous amount of interest in the last few years. The rise of the Internet and the wide availability of inexpensive computers have made it possible to gather and analyze network data on a large scale, and the development of a variety of new theoretical tools has allowed us to extract new knowledge from many different kinds of networks. The study of networks is broadly interdisciplinary and important developments have occurred in many fields, including mathematics, physics, computer and information sciences, biology, and the social sciences. This book brings together for the first time the most important breakthroughs in each of these fields and presents them in a coherent fashion, highlighting the strong interconnections between work in different areas. Subjects covered include the measurement and structure of networks in many branches of science, methods for analyzing network data, including methods developed in physics, statistics, and sociology, the fundamentals of graph theory, computer algorithms, and spectral methods, mathematical models of networks, including random graph models and generative models, and theories of dynamical processes taking place on networks"--
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
It security : the need for international cooperation : proceedings of the IFIP TC11 Eighth International Conference on Information Security, IFIP/Sec '92, Singapore, 27-29 May 1992
Scaling networks : companion guide
Information networks and data communication : proceedings of the IFIP TC6 International Conference on Information Networks and Data Communication, Funchal, Madeira Island, Portugal, 18-21 April, 1994
Net Smart : how to thrive online
Collaborative learning, reasoning, and technology
Computer games and team and individual learning
Information network and data communication, I : proceedings of the IFIP TC 6 International Conference on Information Network and Data Communication, Ronneby Brunn, Sweden, 11-14 May, 1986
Comp[at]ct - connecting Comenius schools
Networks in action : business choices and telecommunications decisions
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
Computer networks, architecture and applications : proceedings of the IFIP TC6 Working Conference on Computer Networks, Architecture and Applications, NETWORKS '92, Trivandrum, India, 28-29 October, 1992
Asynchronous design methodologies : proceedings of the IFIP WG 10.5 Working Conference on Asynchronous Design Methodologies, Manchester, UK, 31 March-2 April, 1993
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Open distributed processing : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/WG6.4 International Workshop on Open Distributed Processing, Berlin, Germany, 8-11 October 1991
The eye of minds
Writing for visual media
More Internet for dummies
Formal description techniques, VI : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/WG6.1 Sixth International Conference on Formal Description Techniques - FORTE '93, Boston, MA., 26-29 October, 1993
Information network and data communication, IV : proceedings of the IFIP TC6 International Conference on Information Network and Data Communication, IV, Espoo, Finland, 16-19 March, 1992
Adaptive meshes in computer graphics and model-based simulation
Learning & teaching with technology : principles and practices
The next level of research on electronic play : potential benefits and contextual influences for children and adolescents
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
The end of big : how the Internet makes David the new Goliath
Protocols for high-speed networks, III : proceedings of the IFIP WG6.1/WG6.4 Third International Workshop on Protocols for High-Speed Networks, Stockholm, Sweden, 13-15, May, 1992
Local area network applications : leveraging the LAN : proceedings of the IFIP TC8/WG8.4 Working Conference on the Open Systems Future: Leveraging the LAN, Perth, Western Australia, 29 August-2 September, 1993
Today, industries and consumer markets are increasingly using services exposed from wireless sensor and actuator networks. Such systems are here referred to as cyber-physical machine-to-machine systems. These systems rely on the capability to communicate, compute, monitor and control by using information. The motivation for the present research arises from problems detected in the remote interaction with embedded devices over dynamic wireless networks in such systems. The problems are caused by the heterogeneity of devices, networks and operating environments, mobility, dynamic presence, security demands of the owners and of use, multiple radios, unreliability, dynamic topologies, and changes happening in the system.The approach selected in this research to address these problems is based on the application of the small-world paradigm to cyber-physical systems. The small-world paradigm is based on the observation that people are often linked in a successful social communication chain by, on average, six intermediate steps. In the present study, it is assumed that the concept of small world can be expanded to also cover communication with wireless embedded devices in cyber-physical systems context. In addition, it is expected that creation of wireless short-cuts can, in accordance with the small-world paradigm, improve the scalability and efficiency of dynamic wireless networking.The main contributions of this research are the technical enablers referred to as dynamic communication spaces, dynamic M2M service spaces, configuration and remote use of services, communication overlay, access systems selection, integrated mobility, secure ad hoc networking, situated opportunistic communication, hierarchical networking for small-world networks, and short-cuts for network optimization. Each of the provided technical enablers contributes towards making remote interaction withembedded devices over dynamic wireless networks possible. The enablers have been evaluated as separate technical methods and means by means of experiments and/or simulations. On the basis of the analysis and synthesis, it was established that they work well as separate building blocks and that they can be combined to expand the concept of small world to also cover communication with embedded devices. Furthermore, it was established that creation of wireless short-cuts can, in accordance with the small-world concept, improve the scalability and efficiency of dynamic wireless networking. In addition, weak links were observed to be essential in the small-world neighbour discovery process. In sum, the evaluation results indicate that the provided enablers help the remote interaction with embedded devices and promote the application of the smallworld concept to dynamic wireless cyber-physical systems.
Integrated network management, IV : proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium on Integrated Network Management, 1995
E-learning activities are likely to grow significantly and the area has potential to generate more possibilities for both teachers and students especially in higher education. It creates alternative ways to partake, tutor and utilize new learning environment. In this paper we present our on-going work on exploring current usage and attitudes towards using eLearning technologies in teaching. The aim was to investigate advantages, challenges and needs for support among teachers in higher education. In our case, focus was to concentrate on distance learning more than e-learning in general.  The results show that the perceived advantages of distance learning were dominated by independence concerning of time, place, flexibility and individual options. Distance learning was seen flexible and enhancing of students' freedom of their own studies. More surprisingly distance learning was perceived more activating than traditional learning increasing presence, participation and both communal and individual learning. In addition the results revealed that there is emerging need for building deeper understanding of challenges faced by teachers utilizing distance learning. It is important to take into account that continuous and relevant training, peer support for educators are key factors in order to increase usage of eLearning methods. It requires also more straightforward tools and services to support learning gains and enhance usage of distance learning in higher education.
Implementing OSI networks
On data mining applications in mobile networking and network security
Practical open systems : a guide for managers
Principles of social media monitoring and analysis software
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
NetWORKing : connecting workers in and between organizations : proceedings of the IFIP WG9.1 Working Conference on NetWORKing, Vienna, Austria, 16-18 June, 1993
The executive's guide to enterprise social media strategy : how social networks are radically transforming your business
Hands-on information security lab manual
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
E-learning in the 21st century : a framework for research and practice
Protocol test systems, V : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/WG6.1 Fifth Working Conference on Protocol Test Systems, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, 28-30 September, 1992
Handbook of security and networks
Internet of things, smart spaces, and next generation networking : 12th international conference, NEW2AN 2012, and 5th Conference, ruSMART 2012, St. Petersburg, Russia, August 27-29, 2012 : proceedings
Networking all-in-one for dummies
Systems management server in UAS network
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning examines the challenges involved in the development of modern curriculum models, teaching strategies, and assessments in science education in order to prepare future students in the 21st century economies. This comprehensive collection of research brings together science educators, researchers and administrators interested in enhancing the teaching and learning of next generation science.
Educational technology : opportunities and challenges
The EHS European home systems network
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The Internet of Things : key applications and protocols
Protocol test systems, VI : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/WG6.1 Sixth International Workshop on Protocol Test Systems, Pau, France, 28-30 September, 1993
IPSec : the new security standard for the internet, intranets, and virtual private networks
"'Cyber security' is a recent addition to the global security agenda, concerned with protecting states and citizens from the misuse of computer networks for war, terrorism, economic espionage and criminal gain. Many argue that the ubiquity of computer networks calls for robust and pervasive countermeasures, not least governments concerned at their potential effects on national and economic security. Drawing on critical literature in international relations, security studies, political theory and social theory, this is the first book that describes how these visions of future cyber security are sustained in the communities that articulate them. Specifically, it shows that conceptions of time and temporality are foundational to the politics of cyber security. It explores how cyber security communities understand the past, present and future, thereby shaping cyber security as a political practice. Integrating a wide range of conceptual and empirical resources, this innovative book provides insight for scholars, practitioners and policymakers"--
Protocol specification, testing and verification, XII : proceedings of the IFIP TC6/WG6.1 Twelfth International Symposium on Protocol Specification, Testing and Verification, Lake Buena Vista, Florida, U.S.A., 22-25 June, 1992
The Workshop on the Economics of Information Security (WEIS) is the leading forum for interdisciplinary scholarship on information security, combining expertise from the fields of economics, social science, business, law, policy and computer science. Prior workshops have explored the role of incentives between attackers and defenders, identified market failures dogging Internet security, and assessed investments in cyber-defense. Current contributions build on past efforts using empirical and analytic tools to not only understand threats, but also strengthen security through novel evaluations of available solutions. Economics of Information Security and Privacy III addresses the following questions: how should information risk be modeled given the constraints of rare incidence and high interdependence; how do individuals' and organizations' perceptions of privacy and security color their decision making; how can we move towards a more secure information infrastructure and code base while accounting for the incentives of stakeholders?
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
Proceedings of the 9th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security : CCS 2002 : November 18-22, 2002, Washington, DC, USA
Delivering learning on the net : the why, what & how of online education
