http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26340 international crime
international crime
An introduction to transnational criminal law
Organised crime across the borders : preliminary results
Queen & country. [Vol 2] : Operation: Morningstar
Conflict in the former USSR
Criminal-states and criminal-soldiers
Pirate nests and the rise of the British Empire, 1570-1740
Globalization, global public 'bads', rising criminal activity and growth
The long shadow
The international
Transnational organized crime : A commentary on the UN convention and its protocols
Dead tomorrow
The history of organized crime : the true story and secrets of global gangland
A wanted man
Opium, empire and the global political economy : a study of the Asian opium trade 1750-1950
Mobile banditry : East and Central European itinerant criminal groups in the Netherlands
The dog who bit a policeman : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
The 14th colony
Blackhat
Crimes of the powerful : an introduction
An introduction to international criminal law and procedure
Meeting the challenge of crime in the global village : an assessment of the role and future of the United Nations commission on crime prevention and criminal justice
I am the market : how to smuggle cocaine by the ton and live happily
"By offering both a comprehensive update and new material reflecting the continuing development of the subject, this continues to be the leading textbook on international criminal law. Its experienced author team draws on its combined expertise as teachers, scholars and practitioners to offer an authoritative survey of the field. The third edition contains new material on the theory of international criminal law, the practice of international criminal tribunals, the developing case law on principles of liability and procedures and new practice on immunities. It offers valuable supporting online materials such as case studies, worked examples and study guides. Retaining its comprehensive coverage, clarity and critical analysis, it remains essential reading for all in the field"--Provided by publisher.
Globalization and borders : cultural, political and regional aspects of the Finnish and Russian borders
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Crime and criminal justice in Europe and North America 1986-1990
Profiles of criminal justice systems in Europe and North America
Maritime security : an introduction
Measuring human trafficking : complexities and pitfalls
Wayne Shelton. 3, The contract
Interdisciplinary researches concerning E.U. underground markets
Motor vehicle theft in Europe : international cooperation in the prevention and control of the theft of and illicit trafficking in motor vehicles
Queen & country. [Vol 1] : Operation: Broken ground
The doll : a novel
Sacred plunder : Venice and the aftermath of the Fourth Crusade
Global responses to maritime violence : cooperation and collective action
The black path
Carte blanche : a James Bond novel
As red as blood
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
The Guard
States and illegal practices
The Prometheus deception
Wayne Shelton. 1 : The mission
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
The secret of Chimneys
The pharaoh's secret
The final cut
Behind God's back
Crime trends and criminal justice operations at the regional and interregional levels : results of the third United Nations survey of crime trends, operations of criminal justice systems and crime prevention strategies
Insiders. Volume 3 : The Afgan trap
International terrorism and world security
Crimes of globalization
Wayne Shelton. 2 : The Betrayal
Carte blanche
"The international criminal courts and tribunals which deal with perpetrators of atrocities are an established part of the effort to bring an end to impunity for international crimes. This leading textbook gives an authoritative account of international criminal law, and focuses on what the student needs to know - the crimes that are dealt with by international courts and tribunals as well as the procedures that govern the investigation and prosecution of those crimes. The reader is guided through controversies with an accessible, yet sophisticated, approach. The four authors have rich experience as lawyers in this field, as teachers of the subject, and as negotiators at the establishment of the International Criminal Court (ICC). The book covers new developments in the case law and the practice and is essential reading for students and teachers of international criminal law and international relations. It is supplemented by a package of online resources (www.cambridge.org/law/cryer), which offers convenient access to primary sources, excerpts for supplementary reading, problems and questions for reflection and discussion, and materials for exercises and simulations. Robert Cryer is Professor of International and Criminal Law at the University of Birmingham. Hn Friman is is an Associate Judge of Appeals in Sweden and Deputy Director of the Division of Criminal Law at the Swedish Ministry of Justice. He is Visiting Professor at University College London. Darryl Robinson is a professor at Queen's University, Faculty of Law, Kingston, Canada. Elizabeth Wilmshurst is a senior fellow in international law at Chatham House and Visiting Professor at University College London"--Provided by publisher.
Insiders. Volume 2 : Missiles for Islamabad
A wanted man : a Jack Reacher novel
Behind god's back
The politics of heroin : CIA complicity in the global drug trade : Afghanistan, Southeast Asia, Central America, Colombia
Organised crime around the world
The bodyguard
Combating human trafficking : gaps in policy and law
Crime, corruption and instability : an exploratory report
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
The guard
Islamist terrorism in Europe : a history
International white collar crime : cases and materials
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Migrant trafficking and human smuggling in Europe : a review of the evidence with case studies from Hungary, Poland and Ukraine
The disruption of international organised crime : an analysis of legal and non-legal strategies
Insiders. Volume 4 : Takeover bid on the Kremlin
