http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2638 means of transportation
means of transportation
An illustrated history of seaplanes & flying boats
Modern transportation : selected readings
If my dog could drive
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 19.
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 18.
Meeting the growing demand for environmentally advanced traffc fuels
All aboard for the Bobo Road
Bond on Bond : the ultimate book on 50 years of Bond movies
Bond cars and vehicles
The world of automobiles 22.
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 17.
Contemporary design : date: 1900-today
Access by design
Things that go
The Sicilian "Carretto"
The collector's guide to transport toys : an international survey of tinplate and diecast commercial vehicles from 1900
The Usborne big book of big machines
Tiberius goes to London : a longer Tiberius tale
Absolutely best cross-sections book ever
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 15
We all go travelling by
Ready to use : Old-fashioned transportation cuts
The world of automobiles 21.
Daily spatial mobilities : physical and virtual
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 10.
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 17
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 10
Tough trucks
Great designs
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 10, Jar-Lin
Scale colour for modellers
Mighty machines
Spot a lot vehicle adventure - and count a little, too!
The big noisy book of things that go
101 amazing facts about ships and boats
If design award 2001 : product volume 3.
199 things that go
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 18, Si/Stan
New movement in cities
Star wars : the force awakens : incredible cross sections
Richard Scarry's hop aboard! Here we go!
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
The bus is for us!
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 18
On the road : growing up in eight journeys : my early years
Ancient Greek Technology : The inventions of the ancient Greeks
Big digger ABC : an awesome A to Z of vehicle verse
Lets talk about vehicles
Soviet and Russian ekranoplans
Automotive custom interiors
All change!
Land transport
100 inventions that made history : brilliant breakthroughs that shaped our world
Follows Huckle Cat through a busy day at school, as he learns the alphabet, enjoys the playground, and participates in show and tell.
All aboard the dinosaur express
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 16
Looking at carriages
Steam wagons in colour
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
What can you spot? : my first learning
Giant vehicles
On the move
My big truck book
Beyond flying : rethinking air travel in a globally connected world
Ageing of composites
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 13.
My first book of transport
Kids meet the tractors and trucks
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 13, Mosp/Oil a.
Automotive systems, sensors and signalling : selected papers from Autotech 95 7 - 9 Noverber 1995.
Controller Area Network (CAN) for Vehicle Applications : an SAE professional development e-seminar : handbook & educational support materials
Draw 50 vehicles : the step-by-step way to draw speedboats, spaceship, fire trucks, and many more..
TRANSPORT / VISUAL HISTORY ; PROJECT EDITOR STEPHEN SETFORD
Cars, trucks and things that go
Jack Tractor : Five stories from smallbills garage
Intelligent vehicles & transportation systems
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Advanced vehicle technology
Business mobility in Frederikshavn municipality : recommendations for a Green Fleet program
New Commuting Experience
Vehicles
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 16.
Kanawa land vehicles : wheels for the Possibility Wars
Sledges and wheeled vehicles : ethnological studies from the view-point of Sweden
How will you get there, Maisy?
20th century travel : 100 years of globe-trotting ads : 100 jahre reisewerbung100 ans de pubs de voyage : 100 jahre reisewerbung
Fuel cells for automotive applications
Transport on land and sea
See the vehicles of Star Wars: The Force Awakens in unparalleled detail with this newest addition to the Star Wars Incredible Cross-Sections series. Twelve breathtaking artworks bring the new craft to life, showing all of the weapons, engines, and technology, while engaging text explains each vehicle's back story and key features. – WorldCat.
Vehicle system dynamics
Integrated powertrains and their control
The golden years of British trams
Advanced microsystems for automotive applications 2000
The usborne big book of big machines
Blast off on a thrilling adventure through Thunderbirds comic history! Discover the iconic comic strips that captured the thrill and excitement of the cult TV series, read about the geniuses who created them, and look inside the spectacular Thunderbirds vehicles. With original comic artwork by leading British artists and a F.A.B. selection of Thunderbirds cross-sections, this exciting collection is perfect for Thunderbirds fans everywhere. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1...Thunderbirds are Go!
Richard Scarry's cars and trucks and things that go
Star wars : complete cross-sections
Things on wheels
Model railroad electronics : basic concepts to advanced projects
Bear on a bike
The moving metropolis : a history of London's transport since 1800
How to draw fast cars, monster trucks & fighter jets
Automotive networking
Usborne 1000 things that go
Early days on the road : an illustrated history 1819-1941
On the move : an encyclopedia of transport
Fizz the fire engine!
Brick wonders : ancient, natural & modern marvels in LEGO®
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 16, Ral/Rolla
Frank Reade : adventures in the age of invention
On the farm
The role of the chemist in automotive design
Brick vehicles : amazing air, land, and sea machines to build from LEGO®
The Complete encyclopedia of commercial vehicles
My first word book about things that go
Sentury II
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 15.
Brick wheels : amazing air, land & sea machines to build from LEGO®
Thunderbirds : the comic collection
A fictional biography of the inventing and exploring Reade family, who travel the world and seek adventure with their helicopter airships, submarines, and robots.
How to draw & fight zombies
The complete book of radio-controlled models : how to build and operate model boats, aircraft, cars and trucks
Buses, trolleys & trams
The fantastic cutaway book of speed
Richard Sapper
Conservation of leather in transport collections : papers given at a UKIC conference restoration 91, London in October 1991
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 14, 0il f/Pet
Beep Beep Brrrm! : George's noisy vehicle book
Accelerated test methods for ground and aerospace vehicle development / an SAE professional development e-seminar / Handbook & educational support materials
Old Macdonald's things that go
Thunderbirds : the comic collection. . volume 2
Commercial road vehicles
Alternators : Bosch tecnical instruction
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 17, Rolls/Sh
THE WORLD OF AUTOMOBILES 19
The Hamlyn colour encyclopedia of transport
BFF : Das Jahrbuch 2008 = The 2008 yearbook
Advanced control of aircraft, spacecraft and rockets
On the go
Jane's urban transport systems. 2007-2008
Passenger environment : a conference by the Railway Division of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers 23rd - 24th March 1972.
Matchbox toys 1948 to 1993 : [identification & value guide]
Richard Scarry's great big schoolhouse
My first trucks and diggers : let's get driving!
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 15, Peu/Rai
250 years of steam
Power Catamaran Design Study : eCat hybrid
