http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26330 macroeconomy
macroeconomy
Uncertainty, stability, cycles and chaos : essays on macroeconomic policies and fluctuations
The economics of public debt : proceedings of a Conference held by the International Economic Association at Stanford, California
The foundations of macroeconomic and monetary theory
Aging and the macroeconomy : long-term implications of an older population
Effects of macroeconomic news announcements on Finnish sector index returns
Examines the current financial crisis in an historical context, addressing the deficiencies of a free market and questioning the premise that markets can be left unregulated.
The economics of commercial property market
EMU, macroeconomics and children
Countercyclical macroprudential policy is to be strengthened in the euro area. The European Central Bank will be assuming new macroprudential powers, as single banking supervision commences in autumn 2014 and the countercyclical buffer requirement is due to be introduced in all euro area countries no later than the beginning of 2016. Even so, a significant part of euro area macroprudential policy will continue in the future to be the responsibility of national authorities. In the operating environment of the single monetary policy, euro area Member States will be able to support their own and the area's economic stability and to improve the financial system's resilience to crises through pursuing robust national macroprudential policies..
The relevance of accuracy for the impact of macroeconomic news on volality
Principles of macroeconomics
The impact of macroeconomic factors on hedge fund returns
Financial cycles, monetary policy and macroprudential policy in the euro area
Econometrics and stochastic control in macro-economic planning
Studies on the macroeconomics of monetary union
Thailand's macroeconomic miracle : stable adjustment and sustained growth
Hong Kong's economy : an introductory macroeconomic analysis
Macroeconomic patterns and stories
Economic consequences of Soviet disintegration
The global economics of forestry
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
Microfoundations reconsidered : the relationship of micro and macroeconomics in historical perspective
Fiscal policy in a two-sector model of a small open economy
NBER International Seminar on Macroeconomics 2005
Exposure of Finnish property returns to macroeconomic variables
Financial variables and economic activity in the Nordic countries
Handbook of macroeconomics. Vol. 1B [Elektronisk resurs]
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
Editor's summary (s. 1-5).
Money and totality : a macro-monetary interpretation of Marx's logic in capital and the end of the 'transformation problem'
Applications of dynamic game theory to macroeconomics
The British economy since 1700 : a macroeconomic perspective
What's wrong with Keynesian economic theory?
Fiscal policy, stabilization, and growth in developing countries
Macro-economic management and bureaucracy : the case of Botswana
Medium-term planning model for the Finnish economy (MEPLAMO)
Prices and quantities : a macroeconomic analysis
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
International macroeconomics : theory, policy and applications
Political control of the economy
The collected papers of Franco Modigliani. 1 : Essays in macroeconomics
Fostering economic policy coordination in Latin America : the REDIMA approach to escaping the prisoner's dilemma
An introduction to the theory of macro-economic policy
Advanced modern macroeconomics : analysis and application
Essays in economics : national and international
Macroeconomics : a European perspective
Macroeconomic analysis for small open economies
Macroeconomic studies of private consumption, government debt and real exchange rates
Essays in fiscal and monetary policy
Macroeconomics : from theory to practice
Macro-economics in question : the Keynesian-monetarist orthodoxies and the Kaleckian alternative
Financial markets and the macroeconomy : a Keynesian perspective
Papers in money, macroeconomics and finance : proceedings of the Money, Macroeconomics and Finance Research Group, 1992.
Oil price shocks and the macroeconomy in Finland
Macroeconomic policy in Britain 1974-87
A growing body of empirical evidence suggests that a positive technology shock leads to a temporary decline in employment. A two-country model is used to demonstrate that the open economy dimension can enhance the ability of sticky price models to account for the evidence. The reasoning is as follows. An improvement in technology appreciates the nominal exchange rate. Under producer-currency pricing, the exchange rate appreciation shifts global demand toward foreign goods away from domestic goods. This causes a temporary decline in domestic employment. If the expenditure-switching effect is sufficiently strong, a technology shock also has a negative effect on output in the short run.
Information and coordination : essays in macroeconomic theory
The international transmission of monetary policy in a dollar pricing model
The global economy : from meso to macroeconomics
Macroeconomic theory and policy
Output, inflation and growth : an introduction to macroeconomics
Challenge of Asian developing countries : issues and analyses
Global finance and the macroeconomy
Macroeconomics : an introduction to advanced methods
Promoting competition in Finnish grocery trade : case: Kaufland Stiftung & Co. KG
Economic analysis. 2, Macroeconomics
Rational expectations in a macromodel : an empirical study
Market behaviour and macroeconomic modelling
Cross-border mergers and acquisitions : UK dimensions
Technology shocks and employment in open economies
Handbook of European financial markets and institutions
Macroeconomics : models, debates and developments
Macroeconomic thinking and policymaking in post-war Japan and Finland : the role of Keynesian macroeconomics
Contemporary issues in economics : proceedings of the conference of the Association of University Teachers of Economics, Warwick, 1973
Relationship between stock return and macroeconomic variables in vietnamese stock market : an application of VAR and VECM
The collected writings of Paul Davidson. 2, Inflation, open economies and resources
The collected writings of Paul Davidson. 1, Money and employment
An empirical study for the relationship of chinese stock market and macroeconomic indicators
Economic Strategy for South Eastern Europe : Final Report of EWI Economic Task Force for South Eastern Europe
The impact of European macroeconomic news announcements on CIVETS stock markets
Themes in macroeconomic history : the UK economy, 1919-1939
An alternative macroeconomic theory : the Kaleckian model and post-Keynesian economics
Conclusion (s. 137-140).
J. M. Clark
European banking sector options' reaction to scheduled European macroeconomic news announcements and ECB Governing Council meetings
The structure of production
Macroeconomic theory
A macroeconomic perspective on education and inequality
Macroeconomic policy and economic interdependence
Monopolistic competition and macroeconomic theory
Current controversies in macroeconomics : an intermediate text
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Fiscal Policy Under a Currency Board Arrangement: Bulgaria`s Post-crisis Policy Dilemmas
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
Questioning financial governance from a feminist perspective
Macroeconomics for open economies
OECD economic surveys. Euro area
Technology shocks and employment in open economics
After Reagan : confronting the changed world economy
Macroeconomic modelling in a changing world : towards a common approach
Economic surveys and data analysis : CIRET conference proceedings, Paris 2000
The macroeconomics of HIV/AIDS
Advanced macroeconomics
Toward an evolutionary view of socio-economic systems
Handbook of macroeconomics. Vol. 1C [Elektronisk resurs]
Monetarism and macroeconomic policy
Macroeconomy and consumer sentiment : performance of the Finnish consumer barometer after ten years
"The United States is in the midst of a major demographic shift. In the coming decades, people aged 65 and over will make up an increasingly large percentage of the population: The ratio of people aged 65+ to people aged 20-64 will rise by 80%. This shift is happening for two reasons: people are living longer, and many couples are choosing to have fewer children and to have those children somewhat later in life. The resulting demographic shift will present the nation with economic challenges, both to absorb the costs and to leverage the benefits of an aging population. Aging and the Macroeconomy: Long-Term Implications of an Older Population presents the fundamental factors driving the aging of the U.S. population, as well as its societal implications and likely long-term macroeconomic effects in a global context. The report finds that, while population aging does not pose an insurmountable challenge to the nation, it is imperative that sensible policies are implemented soon to allow companies and households to respond. It offers four practical approaches for preparing resources to support the future consumption of households and for adapting to the new economic landscape"-- Publisher's summary.
Readings in macroeconomics
Oxford review of economic policy : spring 1992 : macroeconomics of transition in Eastern Europe
Regional integration from the macroeconomic perspective : the effects of EU enlargement on European business
Essays on the macroeconomic effects of taxation
Learning from the world : new ideas to redevelop America
The economy of East and West Germany : macroeconomic simulations until 2005
The impact of macroeconomic policies on the rural poor : analytical framework and indicators
The trouble with markets : saving capitalism from itself
Globalization, marginalization and development
Three studies on Finnish small firm behavior during the 90's
Modern money theory : a primer on macroeconomics for sovereign monetary
Structural change in macroeconomic models : theory and estimation
Lectures on macroeconomic planning. 2, Centralisation, decentralization, planning under uncertainty
Possibly the strangest phenomenon in all of economics is the absence of a long tradition of criticism focused on Keynesian economic theory. Keynesian demand management has been at the centre of some of the worst economic outcomes in history, from the great stagflation of the 1970s to the lost decade and more in Japan following the expenditure program of the 1990s. And once again, following the Global Financial Crisis, it is incontrovertible that no stimulus program in any part of the world has been a success, each one having been abandoned as conditions deteriorated under the weight of public.
Macroeconomic policies in the world economy
Handbook of macroeconomics. Vol. 1A [Elektronisk resurs]
Price-earnings ratio and influence factors : evidence from China
Causal relationship between macroeconomic variables and stock market prices in US
We provide a brief overview of recent developments in the Indian macroeconomy, including aspects of the real economy, price developments, and monetary and fiscal policies.The picture that emerges is one of a rapidly growing economy, supported by strong domestic demand and credit flows.The economic boom has dragged the current account into deficit, while output growth has broadened to encompass the industrial sector.Fiscal deficit ratios have recently declined due to a rapid increase in the level of GDP, but public sector imbalances remain high, constraining necessary investments in health, education, physical infrastructure and overall poverty reduction. Keywords: India, economic growth, monetary policy, fiscal policy .
On instrument costs in decentralized macroeconomic desicion making
Pensions : the problems of today and tomorrow
Business cycles and stock market's response to macroeconomic news announcements : evidence from the U.S. stock market 2002–2010
Questioning Financial Governance from a Feminist Perspective brings together feminist economists and feminist political economists from different countries located in North America and Europe to analyze the 'strategic silence' about gender in fiscal and monetary policy, and financial regulation. This silence reflects a set of assumptions that the key instruments of financial governance are gender-neutral. This often masks the ways in which financial governance operates to the disadvantage of women and reinforces gender inequality. This book examines both the transformations in the governance of finance that predate the financial crisis, as well as some dimension of the crisis itself. The transformations increasingly involved private as well as public forms of power, along with institutions of state and civil society, operating at the local, national, regional and global levels. An important aspect of these transformations has been the creation of policy rules (often enacted in laws) that limit the discretion of national policy makers with respect to fiscal, monetary, and financial sector policies. These policy rules tend to have inscribed in them a series of biases that have gender (as well as class and race-based) outcomes. The biases identified by the authors in the various chapters are the deflationary bias, male breadwinner bias, and commodification bias, adding two new biases: risk bias and creditor bias. The originality of the book is that its primary focus is on macroeconomic policies (fiscal and monetary) and financial governance from a feminist perspective with a focus on the gross domestic product and its fluctuations and growth, paid employment and inflation, the budget surplus/deficit, levels of government expenditure and tax revenue, and supply of money. The central findings are that the key instruments of financial governance are not gender neutral. Each chapter considers examples of financial governance, and how it relates to the gender order, including divisions of labour, and relations of power and privilege. This book is key reading for anyone studying feminist economics, and should also be of interest to those researching macroeconomics, political economics and women's studies.
Advanced macroeconomics : beyond IS/LM
Unemployment after Keynes : towards a new general theory
Long-range futures research : an application of complexity science
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Workbook for Methods of macroeconomic dynamics
Alternative theories of output, unemployment, and inflation in Germany 1960-1985
Investment : theories and analysis
On the use of two stage least squares with principal components : an experiment with a quarterly model
Financial opening : policy issues and experiences in developing countries
Bad luck or wrong policies? : external shocks, domestic adjustment, and the growth slowdown in Latin America and the Caribbean
The impact of U.S. macroeconomic news announcements on bond prices : evidence from U.S. bond markets
Twenty-first century macroeconomics : responding to the climate challenge
Macroeconomics : european edition
Keynesian economics : the permanent revolution
Do measurement errors in GDP announcements cause output fluctuations?
Lectures on macroeconomics
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
Economic aspects of North-South interaction : analytical macroeconomic issues
Introduction and summary (s. 11-16). - Introduction et résumé (s. 17-24).
Economic analysis. 1, Microeconomics
The British economy between the wars : a macroeconomic survey
Nonlinearities in exchange rate : evidence from smooth transition regression model
A critical essay on modern macroeconomic theory
Macroeconomic medium-term models in the Nordic countries
Offshoring in the global economy : microeconomic structure and macroeconomic implications
International macroeconomics : recent developments
Asset pricing for dynamic economies
Cross-border mergers and acquisitions (CBM&As) activity continues to excite interest among academics and practicing managers, and has become an important vehicle for firms' internationalization and corporate restructuring over the past three decades. Despite the huge volume of global CBM&A activity, however, there are few books that carefully explore the strategies, motives, and consequences of global mergers and acquisitions. This book discusses and synthesizes the theoretical literature on the motivation and performance of international merger activities. Focusing on the UK as a top acquiring country in the European Union, the authors explore the recent trends in cross-border mergers and acquisitions, motives for cross-border mergers and acquisitions, the mergers integration process, home and host countries' macroeconomic consequences on mergers and acquisitions, and shareholder's wealth effects on CBM&A.This book explores and sheds much-needed light on the UK CBM&A market, what drives it, and what lessons can be learned for other regions around the globe.
