http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26307 bible knowledge
bible knowledge
New testament theology in a secular world : a constructivist work in philosophical epistemology and Christian apologetics
A theology of word & spirit : authority & method in theology
Concise dictionary of the Bible / 2, J - Z
The Bible code
The oral gospel tradition
Dictionary of Bible themes
Abstract in english.
Behind the Gospels : understanding the oral tradition
The traditions about Jesus and his teaching circulated in oral form for many years, continuing to do so for decades following the writing of the New Testament Gospels. James Dunn is one of the major voices urging that more consideration needs to be given to the oral use and transmission of the Jesus tradition as a major factor in giving the Synoptic tradition its enduring character.
Jesus in memory : traditions in oral and scribal perspectives
Encyclopedia of the historical Jesus
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
Holy writ as oral lit : the Bible as folklore
Reception of the creation of humanity : transmission and interpretation of the creation traditions in late Second Temple Jewish literature
This thesis investigates the transmission processes of earlier traditions in Judaism during the late Second Temple period (c. 250 BCE-70 CE). In previous research transmission has been seen rather one-sidedly as a series of literary dependencies that have been investigated almost exclusively as textual changes. The current study will contribute to this broad discussion from the point of view of the changes observable in the late Second Temple literature depicting in various ways the creation of humanity traditions. In practice the thesis maps out, how Jewish sages answered the most fundamental questions of human existence, such as why do humans live and die, and how can we live in harmony with nature, each other, and God. The focus of the study is on the different strategies of interpreting and transmitting the creation of humanity traditions. This dissertation is the first comprehensive study on changes in the traditions concerning the creation of humanity and their interpretation in late Second Temple Jewish literature, and what can they reveal about the mechanics of the transmission processes. Much has already been written by scholars, especially during the recent decade, concerning the general way texts were formed and the intentional and accidental changes happening in them during a literary transmission processes, as well as, on specific aspects of the individual source texts used in the thesis. But thus far there have been no studies that would have incorporated the full source material available from the Second Temple period with so many texts from different genres and text corpora, and investigated them from the perspective of a particular biblical tradition. It is demonstrated that the two creation accounts attested in Genesis form the background and stepping stone for all the later interpretive textual sources analyzed in this study. These two creation accounts are treated in numerous different ways in texts from the late Second Temple period when the form and status of Genesis had not yet been fully fixed. Some texts focus merely on the two creation accounts of Genesis and read them as one narrative. Many select and emphasize more elements from either the first or the second creation account whereas others seem to aim to incorporate all the available material from a wider range of traditions. Finally, there are also some compositions that pick a theme or an image from the Genesis creation accounts, supplement it with material from elsewhere and build their own interpretation on the basis of all of these. This research shows that in order to draw a comprehensive picture of the reception and transmission processes of the creation of humanity, the investigation cannot just function between the different text forms and with questions and terminology strictly linked to such a framework. Therefore, such an exploration should rather also incorporate the recognition of the importance of scribes and the various strategies they used, as well as, a consideration of the paradigm shifts on the societal level, that sometimes surfaced on the textual level and that forced scribes to reinterpret texts and traditions in novel ways.
The practice of theology : a reader
The New international dictionary of New Testament theology. 3, Pri-Z
Toward a science of translating : with special reference to principles and procedures involved in Bible translating
Paul and Gnosis
Ancient Israel in Sinai : the evidence for the authenticity of the wilderness tradition
Biblejskij slovar' : ènciklopedičeskij slovar' = Bible dictionary : encyclopedic dictionary in Russian
Luke the priest : the authority of the author of the Third Gospel
The new Bible dictionary
A prelude to biblical folklore : underdogs and tricksters
Dictionary of the later New Testament & its developments
Performing the Gospel : orality, memory, and Mark
The unofficial Bible for minecrafters : stories from the Bible told block by block
The New international dictionary of New Testament theology. 1, A-F
Biblical concepts and our world
The reliability of the Gospel tradition
Story as history - history as story : the gospel tradition in the context of ancient oral history
Concise dictionary of the Bible / 1, A - I
iLumina : live the bible
Miracles : God, science, and psychology in the paranormal. Volume 1, Religious and spiritual events
Paul and Gnosis is a collection of cutting-edge essays that deal with a broad spectrum of ideas regarding Paul and knowledge. Topics include Paul and his use of "knowledge" words, Paul's knowledge of key ideas, and his relationship to Gnosticism.
Paradigms and practice in bible translating : a computer-assisted rhetorical analysis of three translations of the Greek new testament
Memory in the Bible and antiquity : the fifth Durham-Tübingen Research Symposium (Durham, September 2004
Pictorial Biblical encyclopedia : a visual guide to the Old and New Testaments
A new perspective on Jesus : what the quest for the historical Jesus missed
The New international dictionary of New Testament theology. 2, G-Pre
The nature of confession : evangelicals & postliberals in conversation
The New international dictionary of New Testament theology. 4, Indexes
Dictionary of Bible personal names
New international dictionary of New Testament theology and exegesis
