http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26338 after-use
after-use
Suopohjasta uutta voimaa = The after-use alternatives of postharvesting peat production sites
Water Efficiency Enhancement  : Water Efficiency Enhancement in Myyrmäki and Leppävaara Campuses
Speaking in tongues : language across contexts and users
Globalization of water : sharing the planet's freshwater resources
Green guide for artists : nontoxic recipes, green art ideas, and resources for the eco-concious artist
Effect of perioperative dexamethasone on surgical site healing in patients with facial fractures
The planet in 2050 : the Lund disourse of the future
Changing times : work and leisure in postindustrial society
A handbook of contact lens management
Low-cost living : live better, spend less
Texts and communities : soviet and post-soviet life in discourse and practice
The economical environmentalist : my attempt to live a low-carbon life and what it cost
Reducing your carbon emissions in an economic down-turn can be challenging, but saving the planet doesn't have to cost you more. Tough economic times need not relegate concerns for the planet to the back burner. The author is an environmental economist trying to live a low-carbon life in London. He worked for 15 years in the UK's Office of Climate Change, the Prime Minister's Strategy Unit and the Department of the Environment. So far so good. But he has kids. A family to visit in India. A hectic job. In distilling and building on his own experience of trying to live a low carbon life, he helps us navigate the choices that confront us all - families, singletons, pensioners - when making decisions about what to eat, what to buy, how to travel and how to keep warm in the era of climate change and economic turmoil. He works out the sums and lets us know which choices will make the biggest difference, and which are false savings.His book is an irreverent but seriously rigorous reference guide to low-cost, low-carbon living for everyone - in any location - in tough times. It's brimming with up-to-date information on current and future technologies, tips and ideas for every budget on how to spend the least for the biggest carbon reduction gain and insight from the experiences of people trying to live low-carbon lives.
