http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26365 conceptions of health
conceptions of health
Promoting health : a practical guide
Scholastic tradition and humanist innovation : the concept of neutrum in Renaissance medicine
Ageing, wellbeing and climate change in the arctic : an interdisciplinary analysis
"Disability and chronic illness represents a special kind of cultural diversity, the "other" to "normal" able-bodiedness. Most studies of disability consider disability in North American or European contexts; and studies of diversity in Japan consider ethnic and cultural diversity, but not the differences arising from disability. This book therefore breaks new ground, both for scholars of disability studies and for Japanese studies scholars. It charts the history and nature of disability in Japan, discusses policy and law relating to disability, examines caregiving and accessibility, and explores how disability is viewed in Japan"--
Prevention and management of hypertension : a study on knowledge and attitudes of women of childbearing age
A cultural history of food. Vol. 4, In the early modern age
Medical power and social knowledge
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Abstrackt: Concept of health experienced by nepalese nursing students.
Vulnerability and the art of protection : embodiment and health care in Moroccan households
Understanding consumer purchase and selection of organic foods : case: K-citymarket Oy Lahti Paavola
Understanding popular culture : Europe from the Middle Ages to the nineteenth century
A cultural history of food. Vol. 3, In the Renaissance
Crisis, health and medicine : a social critique
The transmission of health practices (c. 1500 to 2000)
Cultural diversity in health and illness
The gospel of germ : men, women, and the microbe in American life
Idioms of Sámi health and healing
Widening horizons : a phenomenographic study of student teachers' conceptions of health education and its teaching and learning
This definitive book was the first to address critical questions about women and mental health. In this new edition, Chesler addresses many of the most relevant issues to women and mental health today, including eating disorders, social acceptance of antidepressants, addictions, sexuality, postpartum depression, and more.
Towards spiritual health : an ethnographic research about the conceptions of spiritual health held by the Kendu hospital staff members, patients, and the inhabitants of the Kendu Bay village
Happiness : unlocking the mysteries of psychological wealth
Health psychology : biopsychosocial interactions
Patients and healers in the context of culture : an exploration of the borderland between anthropology, medicine, and psychiatry
Vision in sight : the relationships between knowledge, health beliefs and treatment outcomes : the case of amblyopia
Perceptions of health and utilization of health care services among adolescents of immigrant Ethiopian families living in Finland
Diabetes cognitions and social support in the management of diabetes : a cross-sectional study on social psychological determinants of health-related quality of life and self-care among adults with type 1 diabetes
Summary: The entirety of a population's health care: Self-care, utilization of official and unofficial health care services and their determinants in Finland.
Susto : a folk illness
Cultural diversity in health & illness
In this book, a team of international contributors examine bodies, leakage and boundaries, illuminating the contradictions and dilemmas in women's healthcare. Using the concept of pollution, this book highlights how women and health issues are categorised, and health workers and women are confined to roles and places defined as socially appropriate. The book explores in-depth current and historical practices, such as: childbirth and midwifery practice; policies and social practices around breastfeeding; gynaecological nursing, female incontinence and sexually transmitted infections; miscarriages and termination of pregnancy. Addressing things out of place, from the idea of 'dirty work' to feeling 'dirty', from diagnoses that disrupt our self-image to beliefs and practices which undermine health service provision, this book uses the contradictions in our thinking around pollution and power to stimulate thinking around women's health.
Functional foods in Finland : consumers' views, attitudes and willingness to use
The Sami - indigenous people of northernmost Europe - have relied on traditional healing methods over generations. This pioneering volume documents, in accessible language, local healing traditions and demonstrates the effectiveness of using the resources local communities can provide. This collection of essays by ten experts also records how ancient healing traditions and modern health-care systems have worked together, and sometimes competed, to provide solutions for local problems. Idioms of Sami Health and Healing is one of the first English-language studies of the traditional healing methods among the Sami, and offers valuable insight and academic context to those in the fields of anthropology, medical anthropology, transcultural psychiatry, and circumpolar studies. Idioms of Sami Health and Healing is the second volume in the Patterns of northern traditional healing series. Contributors: Kjell Birkely Andersen, Anne Karen Haetta, Mona Anita Kiil, Britt Kramvig, Trine Kvitberg, Stein R. Mathisen, Barbara Helen Miller, Marit Myrvoll, Randi Inger Johanne Nymo, Sigvald Persen.
Embodying health identities
Hygiene in the early modern medical tradition
Health promotion : models and values
Original research abstract in finnish.
What is wellbeing for the elderly?
The healing landscapes of Central and Southeastern Siberia
Time : the impact on body and soul : the XX Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Symposium, Hanasaari Congress Center, September 22-24, 2005
Consumers and the conceptual and practical appropriation of functional foods
The health of Canada's youth : views and behaviours of 11-, 13- and 15-year-olds from 11 countries
Contemporary theorists for medical sociology
Mortal coil : a short history of living longer
The birth of the clinic : an archeology of medical perception
The medieval health handbook : tacuinum sanitatis
Women and madness
Prevention of malaria in pregnancy in Malawi : encounters and non-encounters between global policies, national programmes and local realities
Abstract: Health resources and health threats of adolescents in a school community assessed by comprenhensive school seventh graders.
Theories of sickness and misfortune among the Hadandowa Beja of the Sudan : narratives as points of entry into Beja cultural knowledge
Towards bettering HIV/AIDS understandings : a phenomenographic-comparison of the conceptions of HIV-positive university students in Finland and Nigeria
Madness contested : power and practice
Self-rated health in old age : a follow-up study of changes and determinants
Social and behavioural  sciences for nurses : an integrated approach
Health as expanding consciousness
Promoting health in multicultural populations : a handbook for practitioners
Ethical issues in the teaching and learning of health topics in schools: the conceptions of teacher trainees
Abstract: Measuring a child's body and parenting : interpretations of a healthy child and "good" and "bad" parenthood in contemporary Finland.
A cultural history of food. Vol. 2, In the medieval age
History of madness
Transcultural health care : a culturally competent approach
Paleofantasy : what evolution really tells us about sex, diet, and how we live
Life control and perceived health
Hell in contemporary literature : Western descent narratives since 1945
Ethnographies of breastfeeding : cultural contexts and confrontations
Health education in the Finnish maternity health care system : evaluation of effectiveness
Breaking the silence : conceptions of adolescents on sexual health issues in modernising development society : the case of Nakamte High School, Ethiopia
Foundations for health promotion
For their own good : the transformation of English working-class health culture, 1880-1970
Exploring the dirty side of women's health
Cognitive systems and cultural models of illness : a study of two Mestizo peasant communities of the Peruvian Amazon
Culture and the senses : bodily ways of knowing in an African community
Once upon a virus : AIDS legends and vernacular risk perception
Health psychology : a textbook
The idea of disability in the eighteenth century
Abstract.
Health and illness : the lay perspective
Television and Fertility
"Disability and chronic illness represents a special kind of cultural diversity, the "other" to "normal" able-bodiedness. Most studies of disability consider disability in North American or European contexts; and studies of diversity in Japan consider ethnic and cultural diversity, but not the differences arising from disability. This book therefore breaks new ground, both for scholars of disability studies and for Japanese studies scholars. It charts the history and nature of disability in Japan, discusses policy and law relating to disability, examines caregiving and accessibility, and explores how disability is viewed in Japan. Throughout the book highlights the tension between individual responsibility and state intervention, the issues concerning how care for disability is paid for, and the special problem of how Japan is providing care for its large and increasing population of elderly people. "--
Abstract: Life control and health. A longitudinal study on Northern Finnish young men.
Disease, knowledge and society
Health, culture and delivering care : proceedings of the 5th annual conference of the Transcultural Nursing and Healthcare Association in partnership with the Foundation of Nursing Studies, London, March 2003.
Food unwrapped
Summary: The young person's health and suffering.
"We evolved to eat berries rather than bagels, to live in mud huts rather than condos, to sprint barefoot rather than play football - or did we? Are our bodies and brains truly at odds with modern life? Although it may seem as though we have barely had time to shed our hunter-gatherer legacy, biologist Marlene Zuk reveals that the story is not so simple. Popular theories about how our ancestors lived - and why we should emulate them - are often based on speculation, not scientific evidence. Armed with a razor-sharp wit and brilliant, eye-opening research, Zuk takes us to the cutting edge of biology to show that evolution can work much faster than was previously realized, meaning that we are not biologically the same as our caveman ancestors. Contrary to what the glossy magazines would have us believe, we do not enjoy potato chips because they crunch just like the insects our forebears snacked on. And women don't go into shoe-shopping frenzies because their prehistoric foremothers gathered resources for their clans. As Zuk compellingly argues, such beliefs incorrectly assume that we're stuck - finished evolving - and have been for tens of thousands of years. She draws on fascinating evidence that examines everything from adults' ability to drink milk to the texture of our ear wax to show that we've actually never stopped evolving. Our nostalgic visions of an ideal evolutionary past in which we ate, lived, and reproduced as we were 'meant to' fail to recognize that we were never perfectly suited to our environment. Evolution is about change, and every organism is full of trade-offs. From debunking the caveman diet to unraveling gender stereotypes, Zuk delivers an engrossing analysis of widespread paleofantasies and the scientific evidence that undermines them, all the while broadening our understanding of our origins and what they can really tell us about our present and our future." -- (W. W. Norton & Company)
A cultural history of food. vol. 1, In antiquity
From melancholia to prozac : a history of depression
Some notes on madness
Anthropology and public health : bridging differences in culture and society
The hermeneutics of medicine and the phenomenology of health : steps towards a philosophy of medical practice
Changing health behaviour : intervention and research with social cognition models
