http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2633 diseases
diseases
A short history of disease
Mobility, sitting posture and reaching movements in children with myelomeningocele
Molecular characterization of viruses causing the cassava brown streak disease epidemic in Eastern Africa
Disease management of fruits and vegetables. 1 : Fruit and vegetable diseases
DGGE analysis of probiotic-induced alteration in the canine faecal lactic acid bacteria microbiota
Summary: Feline injection site sarcoma.
Kuolemansyyt 2006 = Dödsorsaker 2006 = Causes of death 2006
Manual of canine and feline gastroenterology
M74 syndrome and thiamine in salmon broodfish and offspring
Lower limb atherosclerotic disease causes various deteriorations of patients' health-related quality of life
Roles of keratins in intestinal health and disease
Trauma and Orthopaedics at a Glance is an easy-to-read, highly visual guide to orthopaedics. It comprehensively covers relevant basic science and clinically-oriented anatomy of the musculoskeletal system, and the diagnosis and management of trauma, sports injuries, paediatric orthopaedics, degenerative disease, and musculoskeletal tumours. Although primarily aimed at junior doctors and senior medical students, it is also useful for physiotherapists and nurse practitioners.
A handbook of poultry and game bird diseases : strategic information in note form for veterinary students and others
Unravelling molecular and cellular disease mechanisms in Infantile Neuronal Ceroid Lipofuscinosis (INCL)
Summary: Elimination of Salmonella infection in cattle cold loose housing.
The white mountain
Basic pathology : an introduction to the mechanisms of disease
Crossed. Volume 4
The Plague Charmer
Viral hemorrhagic septicemia and freshwater fisheries : the state of the science
Abstract: Creating a website to promote physical activity in inflammatory bowel disease.
Marbles : Mania, depression, Michelangelo, + me : a graphic memoir
Smart but stuck : emotions in teens and adults with ADHD
Illness narratives : patients' online discussions about life after cancer
Kuolemansyyt 2005 = Dödsorsaker 2005 = Causes of death 2005.
The blazing star
Fatal flaws : how a misfolded protein baffled scientists and changed the way we look at the brain
Tropical disease research : progress 1999-2000 : fifteenth programme report
Superfoods super fast
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Oxford handbook of tropical medicine
Gastrointestinal disease
Reptile medicine and surgery
Crossed. Volume 3 : Psychopath
Contact and hybrid laser in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia : comparison with transurethral resection of prostate
Methodological aspects of use of infrared thermography in healthy individuals and patients with non-specific musculoskeletal disorders
Wound care in home care : Information booklet for Kotipeura
The China study : the most comprehensive study of nutrition ever conducted and the startling implications for diet, weight loss and long-term health
Bovine medicine : diseases and husbandry of cattle
Fine mapping of the congenital chloride diarrhea gene by linkage disequilibrium
Surveillance of BSE, a French experience : how to learn from positive and negative clinical suspects
Correlation between the clinical symptoms and the proportion of mitochondrial DNA carrying the 8993 point mutation in the NARP syndrome
Music therapy in Parkinson's disease
Red moon
Molecular interactions underlying neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses CLN1 and CLN5
The CIBA collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 3, A compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the digestive system : Pt. 2, Lower digestive tract
Self-assessment colour review of ornamental fish
The sensitive gut
Parkinson's disease and segmental coordination during modified figure of eight walking turning task
Drug management and parasite resistance in bovine trypanosomiasis in Africa
Vocal fold paralysis : a follow-up study
A history of the present illness
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations : Volume 3 : A compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the digestive system : Part ll : Lower digestive tract
Diseases of amphibians and reptiles
Membrane components of Treponema denticola trigger proteinase release from human polymorphonuclear leukocytes
Summary: Cold water disease in rainbow trout : case report and oxytetracycline residues after treatment.
Management of the wheezing toddler : diagnostic practices, therapy, and predictors of symptom persistence
Preterm birth and risk factors for chronic disease : Helsinki study of very low birth weight adults
Microbes and Man Research Programme 2003-2005 (MICMAN) : evaluation report
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
The strategy focuses on physical activity as a leading factor in health and well-being in the European Region, with particular attention to the burden of noncommunicable diseases associated with insufficient activity levels and sedentary behaviour. It aims to cover all forms of physical activity throughout the life-course.
You are the placebo : making your mind matter
The sugar detox plan : the essential 3-step plan for breaking your sugar habit
Cancer in Finland 2006 and 2007 : cancer statistics of the National Institute for Health and Welfare (THL)
Providing inexpensive drinking water treatment solutions for developing countries - a case study on Luanda, Angola
Veterinary nursing : formerly Jones's animal nursing
Progress in gastroenterology
Multiple sclerosis : progress and problems : a theme
Protein-losing enteropathy : how I approach..
An evaluation of a 2-km walking test in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)
Epidemiologic and humoral immunologic characteristics of respiratory disease in dairy heifers during the first three months of life
Infrared thermography in the evaluation of skin temperature : applications in musculoskeletal conditions
Asthma and oral health : a clinical and epidemiological study
Emergency procedures for the small animal veterinarian
Palmitate oxidation in muscle mitochondria of patients with the juveline form of neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis
Ranaviruses : detection, differentiation and host immune response
"A humorous book about history's worst plagues from the Antonine Plague, to leprosy, to polio and the heroes who fought them In 1518, in a small town in France, Frau Troffea began dancing and didn't stop. She danced herself to her death six days later, and soon thirty-four more villagers joined her. Then more. In a month more than 400 people had died from the mysterious dancing plague. In late-nineteenth-century England an eccentric gentleman founded the No Nose Club in his gracious townhome a social club for those who had lost their noses, and other body parts, to the plague of syphilis for which there was then no cure. And in turn-of-the-century New York, an Irish cook caused two lethal outbreaks of typhoid fever, a case that transformed her into the notorious Typhoid Mary and led to historic medical breakthroughs.  Throughout time, humans have been terrified and fascinated by the plagues they've suffered from. Get Well Soon delivers the gruesome, morbid details of some of the worst plagues in human history, as well as stories of the heroic figures who fought to ease their suffering. With her signature mix of in-depth research and upbeat storytelling, and not a little dark humor, Jennifer Wright explores history's most gripping and deadly outbreaks."--
Autosomal dominant progressive external ophthalmoplegia with multiple deletions of mtDNA : clinical, biochemical, and molecular genetic features of the 10q-linked disease
HLA antigens in ulcerative colitis and primary sclerosing cholangitis
Occupational ergonomics : work related musculoskeletal disorders of the upper limb and back
Journal of musculoskeletal pain
Ostrich diseases
CDNF and MANF in an experimental model of Parkinson's disease in rats
Textbook of respiratory disease in dogs and cats
How many colon cancer genes
Tropical disease research : progress 2001-2002 : sixteenth programme report
Between neuroradiology and neurophysiology : new insights in neural mechanisms
Ecology and genomics of Dickeya solani, a new soft rot bacterium infecting potatoes
Lay perspectives : "lay" and "expert" health knowledge : from hierarchy to equality
Small animal arthroscopy : challenging and usefull
Sunlight on the Mersey
Rabbits : health, husbandry and diseases
Pain management of a cancer patient in palliative care : a systematic review
Insulin resistance and laminitis in horses
Temple of the winds
Making sense of illness : science, society, and disease
Diagnosing your health symptoms for dummies
Feline medicine and therapeutics
The midwife of Hope River
Conversion
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Mutations in subunit 6 of the F1F0-ATP synthase cause two entirely different diseases
Get well soon : history's worst plagues and the heroes who fought them
Understanding pathophysiology
MRI evaluation of the brain in infantile neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis. Part two: MRI findings in 21 patients
Inheritance
Abstract in Chinese.
Tropical diseases : a practical guide for medical practitioners and students
Manual of psittacine birds
Kuolemansyyt 2004 = Dödsorsaker 2004 = Causes of death 2004.
Abstracts of papers presented at the Twenty-First Scandinavian Conference on Gastroenterology and the Twelth Scandinavian Meeting on Gastrointestinal Endoscopy : Turku, Finland, 2-4 June 1988
An Introduction to the principles of disease
Alexander's nursing practice
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
Infectious disease : a very short introduction
A field guide to joint disease in archaeology
Movement-associated proteins of potato virus A : attachment to virus particles and phosphorylation
Pandemic Iberia
Alzheimer's disease -related genes and pathways : special emphasis on seladin-1, δ-opioid receptor and BACE1
Manual of canine and feline nephrology and urology
Iodine brachytherapy for large uveal melanomas
International animal health code : mammals, birds and bees
Real-time PCR : a molecular approach to investigate the role of intestinal microbiota in the pathophysiology of irritable bowel syndrome
Brain on fire : my month of madness
Positional cloning of Mulibrey Nanism gene (MUL)
Dangerous grains : why gluten cereal grains may be hazardous to your health
1361. Porlock Weir, Exmoor. Thirteen years after the Great Pestilence, plague strikes England for the second time. Sara, a packhorse man's wife, remembers the horror all too well and fears for safety of her children. Only a dark-haired stranger offers help, but at a price that no one will pay... A human life.
We are our brains : from the womb to Alzheimer's
Reindeer parapoxvirus : molecular biology and detection
Avoid meeting Typhoid Mary!
Never bet against Occam : mast cell activation disease and the modern epidemics of chronic illness and medical complexity
Current veterinary therapy : food animal practice. Volume 2
hepatobiliary diseases
Diseases of muscle
Clinical textbook of dental hygiene and therapy
Wheezing requiring hospitalisation in infancy - outcome at early school age : viral aetiology of wheeze and predictive factors for outcome
Factors influencing the use of complementary and alternative medicine among cancer patients
Illness as metaphor
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
Acute respiratory health effects of particulate matter : effects of size, composition and sources
Handbook of small animal gastroenterology
Thyrotrophin in human serum : a methodological and clinical study in diseases of the thyroid gland
Diseases of small domestic rodents
Charcot-Marie-Tooth disorders
Tropical diseases and their simultaneous treatment worldwide
Physiotherapy for respiratory and cardiac problems : adults and paediatrics
Healing : a novel
Yksikammioisten sydänlasten motorisen kehityksen muutos neljän vuoden seuranta-aikana : changes in motor development during a four-year follow-up on children with univentricular heart defects
"From the physician behind the wildly popular website NutritionFacts.org, How Not to Die reveals the groundbreaking scientific evidence behind the only diet that can prevent and reverse many of the causes of disease-related death.The vast majority of premature deaths can be prevented through simple changes in diet and lifestyle. In How Not to Die, Dr. Michael Greger, the internationally-renowned nutrition expert, physician, and founder of NutritionFacts.org, examines the fifteen top causes of premature death in America heart disease, various cancers, diabetes, Parkinson's, high blood pressure, and more and explains how nutritional and lifestyle interventions can sometimes trump prescription pills and other pharmaceutical and surgical approaches, freeing us to live healthier lives. The simple truth is that most doctors are good at treating acute illnesses but bad at preventing chronic disease. The fifteen leading causes of death claim the lives of 1.6 million Americans annually. This doesn't have to be the case. By following Dr. Greger's advice, all of it backed up by strong scientific evidence, you will learn which foods to eat and which lifestyle changes to make to live longer. History of prostate cancer in your family? Put down that glass of milk and add flaxseed to your diet whenever you can. Have high blood pressure? Hibiscus tea can work better than a leading hypertensive drug-and without  the side effects. Fighting off liver disease? Drinking coffee can reduce liver inflammation. Battling breast cancer? Consuming soy is associated with prolonged survival. Worried about heart disease (the number 1 killer in the United States)? Switch to a whole-food, plant-based diet, which has been repeatedly shown not just to prevent the disease but often stop it in its tracks. In addition to showing what to eat to help treat the top fifteen causes of death, How Not to Die includes Dr. Greger's Daily Dozen a checklist of the twelve foods we should consume every day.
Nursing diagnosis handbook : a guide to planning care
Secret weapons : technology, science and the race to win World War II
Clinical relevance of perinatally acquired Ureaplasma urealyticum involvement in preterm infants
Crossed. Volume 2 : Family values
Veterinary management of tortoises and turtles
Prevention of Vesicovagina fistula : a literature review and experience from Zambia
Creating a website to promote physical activity in inflammatory bowel disease
Principles and practice of endocrinology and metabolism
International classification of functioning, disability and health : ICF
Distal physeal radius fracture in a colt
Lower limb atherosclerotic disease significantly impairs patients' health-related quality of life
Infectious Diseases of the Skin : Dirk M. Elston
Bats and viruses : from pathogen discovery to host genomics
Metabolic brain disease
Summary: Neck pain and fever in a dog - two case reports.
The CLN5 disease : protein maturation, trafficking and pathology
Genetic epidemiology of hereditary prostate cancer in Finland
Sweet tooth. [5] : Unnatural habitats
Detection, epidemiology and host spectrum of cowpox and Borna disease virus infections
Hints on the preservation of health in tropical Africa
Physical activity strategy for the WHO European Region 2016-2025
Why do I still have thyroid symptoms? when my lab tests are normal : a revolutionary breakthrough in understanding Hashimoto's disease and hypothyroidism
Maternal origin of nucleated erythrocytes in peripheral venous blood of pregnant women
The CIBA collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 3, A compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy of the digestive system : Pt. 1, Upper digestive tract
Self-assessment colour review of avian medicine
Living with the enemy : coping with the stress of chronic illness using CBT, mindfulness and acceptance
Clonal types of oral yeasts in relation to age, health, and geography
The use of the grounded theory methodology in developing the substantive theory of family survivorship
Control and eradication of viral diseases of ruminants
Animal diseases of the gastrointestinal tract and liver : an African perspective : proceedings of a seminar held at international livestock centre for Africa, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia 20-25 September 1993.
Abstracts of papers presented at the Twenty-Sixth Nordic Meeting on Gastroenterology and the Seventeenth Nordic Meeting on Endoscopy and the Fourth Nordic Meeting on Gastrointestinal Motility : Tampere, Finland, 26-29 May 1993
The ugly Renaissance
Summary: A survey on frequency and nature of seizures in Finnish Belgian Shepherd Dogs.
Crossed. Volume 1
A piece of the world : A Novel
Studies on the aetiology and pathogenesis of white spots in the liver of pigs
The Scandinavian diet : getting healthy with low carb
The emperor of all maladies
It's the mid-19th century and diseases are spreading fast on the Iberian peninsula. Your mission? As members of The Second Royal Philanthropic Expedition, you must research four deadly diseases: malaria, typhus cholera and yellow fever. From Barcelona to Lisboa, you will travel by carriage, boat, and train to help the Iberian populace. In addition to treating patients and sharing your research, you will develop railways and purify water to help you contain the spread of diseases.
Nuclear microscopy : development and applications in atherosclerosis, Parkinson's disease and matherials physics
Parasitism, reproduction and sexual selection of roach, Rutilus rutilus L
A practical right-sided incisional gastropexy technique for treatment or prevention of gastric dilatation volvulus
Nutrition in Finland
Transmission and host and mate location in the fish louse Argulus coregoni and its link with bacterial disease in fish
Current veterinary therapy : food animal practice. [volume 1]
Molecular and cellular mechanisms behind juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (JNCL, Batten disease)
A colour atlas of the foot in clinical diagnosis
Biomolecular screening for inhibitors of butyrylcholinesterase : identification and characterization using in vitro and in silico tools
DNA-based carrier screening in primary healthcare : screening for aspartylglucosaminuria mutations in maternity health offices
Current veterinary therapy : food animal practice 3
Work exposure and complaints in a sample of French and Norwegian forest machine operators : a comparative field study within the ErgoWood programme
Selected neurologic and muscular diseases
Crossed. Volume 5
Development of small molecule inhibitors for prolyl oligopeptidase
The practitioners guide to equine dermatology
Whilst the body has recently assumed greater sociological significance, there has been less engagement in social work and social care on the bodily experience of health, illness and disease. This innovative volume redresses the balance by exploring chronic illness and social work, through the specific lens of autoimmunity, engaging in wider debates around vulnerability, resistance and the lived experience of ongoing ill-health. Moving beyond existing conceptualisations of vulnerability as an issue of mental distress, ageing, child protection and poverty, Price and Walker demonstrate the role that society has to play in actively engaging the physical body, rather than working around and through it. The book focuses on auto-immune conditions such as lupus, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and scleroderma. Conditions like these allow for an exploration of the materiality of illness which exacerbates social and economic vulnerability and may precipitate personal and social crises, requiring a variety of interventions and support. The risks and challenges associated with chronic illness include disruptions to a sense of self and identity, altered relationships and the renegotiation of roles and responsibilities in a variety of relationships in addition to an economic impact, with the potential for disruption to employment status and financial insecurity. This text opens up a range of debates around some of the central concerns of the social work profession, including vulnerability, ill-health, and independence. It will be of interest to scholars and students of social work, nursing, disability studies, medicine and the social sciences.
Retrospective Study of Effects of Air Pollution on Human Health
Deadly diseases
Applied nutritional principles in health and disease
Orthopaedic and trauma nursing : an evidence-based approach to musculoskeletal care
Elias the cursed
ABC of sexually transmitted infections
Sweet tooth. [6] : Wild game
Current veterinary therapy : food animal practice 4
The Wahls protocol : how I beat progressive MS using Paleo principles and functional medicine
A mitochondrial mutation at nt 9101 in the ATP synthase 6 gene associated with deficient oxidative phosphorylation in a family with Leber hereditary optic neuroretinopathy : [letters to the editor]
Gastric schwannoma - a clinicopathological analysis of six cases
Ache and melancholy : co-occurence of musculoskeletal pain and depressive symptoms in Finland
Let them eat dirt : saving your child from an oversanitized world
Allergy :  an atlas of investigation and management
Summary: Pyothorax caused by Actinomyces sp. in a German shepherd - a case report.
Microbiologists Brett Finlay and Marie-Claire Arrieta explain how the trillions of microbes that live in and on our bodies influence childhood development; why an imbalance of those microbes can lead to obesity, diabetes, and asthma, among other chronic conditions; and what parents can do -- from conception on -- to positively affect their own behaviors and those of their children. They describe how natural childbirth, breastfeeding, and solid foods influence children’s microbiota. They also offer practical advice on matters such as whether to sterilize food implements for babies, the use of antibiotics, the safety of vaccines, and why having pets is a good idea.
Avian medicine : principles and applications
Trauma and Orthopaedics at a Glance
Thyroid disease : the facts
Junk DNA : a journey through the dark matter of the genome
Chronic illness, vulnerability, and social work : autoimmunity and the contemporary disease experience
Gastroenterology
Refugee health care : an essential medical guide
Blue pills : a positive love story
Dog owner's home veterinary handbook
Something understood : art therapy in cancer care
Health-related risk factors for falls among early post-menopausal women
Recurrent and chronic colic in horses : a review of clinical and diagnostic features and prospective case series
How not to die : discover the foods scientifically proven to prevent and reverse disease
Approximately 75% of emerging infectious diseases are zoonoses, and the rate of emergence of zoonotic diseases is on the rise. Bats are being increasingly recognised as an important reservoir of zoonotic viruses of different families, including SARS coronavirus, Nipah virus, Hendra virus and Ebola virus. Understanding bats' role in emerging zoonotic diseases is crucial to this rapidly expanding area of research. Bats and Viruses: A New Frontier of Emerging Infectious Diseases provides an updated overview of research focusing on bat biology and the role bats play as hosts of many major zoonotic viruses. The text covers bat biology, immunology, and genomics. Chapters also delve into the various major bat-borne virus families, including lyssaviruses, paramyxoviruses, coronaviruses, filoviruses and reoviruses, among others.
Health in Southern Finland : bioarchaeological analysis of 555 skeletons excavated from nine cemeteries (11th-19th century AD)
Sweet tooth. [4] : Endangered species
The significance of biochemical and histological functional diagnosis in diseases of the thyroid gland
