http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26366 health education skills
health education skills health competence
Health, welfare & practice: reflecting on roles & relationships
Managerial competencies and training needs in the Finnish and Estonian social and health care industries : The Health and Welfare Institutions Cooperation Network HEWENET -project
Understanding cultural identity in intervention and assessment
Cultural competence : a lifelong journey to cultural proficiency
Clinical supervision and well-being at work : a four-year follow-up study on female hospital nurses
The emergence of Finnish life sciences industries
Refugee and immigrant health : a handbook for health professionals
The process of cultural competence in the delivery of healthcare services : the journey continues
Health literacy as a learning outcome in schools
Abstract: Identification of occupational crisis on the basisof stressors, work-related causal explanations and emotions.
Patient seclusion and restraint practices in psychiatric hospitals : towards evidence based clinical nursing
Work among the elderly
Managerial competencies and training needs in the Finnish and Estonian social and health care industries
Guide of competence and knowledge management
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Nurses' experiences of multicultural clients in sexual and reproductive health care in Kokkola
Nursing interventions and clinical skills
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
Community oral health practice for the dental hygienist
Towards successful seniorityTM group method : trainer's manual
Constructing intercultural competence in Italian social service and healthcare organizations : pedagogical design, effectiveness research, and alternative visions for promoting ethnorelativism
Ethnicity and healthcare practice : a guide for the primary care team
Abstract: Work organization and well-being of employees in social- and health care services : the case of elderly home care.
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
A biblically based model of cultural competence in the delivery of healthcare services
Tailoring health communication : the perspective of information users' health information behaviour in relation to their physical health status
The experiences and perception of Somali clients and Finnish nurses in primary health care services
Cultural competence in caring for Muslim patients
For people who come from other countries to live in Finland, the impact of settlement and acculturation varies widely depending on their experience and situation. There are many determinants of health and well-being from outside of the health system. Finland is becoming more responsive to the needs of people from diverse backgrounds. This research explains in general the plight of the Kurdish women having immigrated into Finland. A woman's position in this society is slow to change. These women have experienced various factors in their everyday lives such as patriarchy, political issues, different environments, diff erent languages and cultures. In this research I have shown that those factors directly and indirectly infl uence the Kurdish woman in Finland's health situation. I have likewise proposed a project plan in order to solve these problems. The findings of this research study could be used for planning of the methods in the health promotion project, developing personal health promotion skills of the Central Council for Health Education and Promotion for Kurdish immigrant women..
Cultural competence in health promotion and experienced by the Kurdish women in Finland
Multicultural counseling competencies : assessment, education and training, and supervision
The process of cultural competence in the delivery of healthcare services : a culturally competent model of care
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
Social and caring professions in European welfare states : Policies, services and professional practices
The networks of learning in technological innovation : the emergence of collaboration across fields of expertise
Critical thinking skills for healthcare
Diversity and cultural competence in health care : a systems approach
Health literacy and school-based health education
Cultural awareness in nursing and health care : an introductory text
Health promotion in primary health care registered nurses' appointments
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Expectations and experiences of nursing care : a study of Nigerian communities in Helsinki region, Finland
Effects of Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series Standard and organizational learning on core competencies building
Intellectual capital and maintenance of work ability : the wellbeing perspective
Global health care : issues and policies
