http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26363 framed paintings and pictures
framed paintings and pictures
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Bradshaw's continental railway guide and general handbook : illustrated with local and other maps, special edition 3/6
Interaction design in the post-PC era : Using tablet devices
Solving challenging real-world scheduling problems
Actual and Potential Pedagogical Use of Tablets in Schools
Eurail and train travel guide to the world. 1998.
Ipad for photographers : a guide to managing, editing, and displaying photographs using your iPad
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
The fast forward MBA in project management
The Search Press Book of Traditional papercrafts : parchment craft, stencil embossing, paper pricking, quilling
The woodworker's manual : over 30 illustrated step-by-step projects
Movie & show hits
Learner-generated drawings in physics education
Windows 8 for tablets : plain and simple
iPad secrets : do what you never thought possible with your iPad
The guitarist's picture chord encyclopaedia
Photo art : 35 ways to use old and new photographs
Taking your iPad to the max : iOS 5 edition
Gothic painted altar frontals from the churhc of Tingelstad
iPad for seniors for dummies
The Botticelli secret
The pop songbook 2. 2
Additional insight into the performance of a new heuristic for solving spatially constrained forest planning problems
Sam teach yourself iPad 2 in ten minutes
Cross stitch : more than 30 classic projects
Clarification and comparison of cast in place and precast construction costs and schedules in Thailand using the BIM modeling
Android programming : pushing the limits
iPad in simple steps
Beginning iPadTM Application Development
Scheduling algorithms
European rail timetable. Summer 2010
Picture this!
Determining the most economical order interval
Search press book of traditional papercrafts
Packs six minibooks in one full-color guide: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps. Covers the newest iPad features, functions, and capabilities, including the stunning retina display, voice dictation, the enhanced iSight camera, HD video recording in full 1080p.
Broken sword 5 : the serpent's curse : PlayStation 4
This Bachelor's Thesis evaluates open source job scheduling frameworks for the Java programming language. The evaluation is based on selected business- and technical requirements which are used as the evaluation criteria. The evaluation process has three phases and the evaluation process was used with standard project methodology. This thesis contains the first two phases and the third phase is a separate empirical implementation and test of the selected Java job scheduling framework. There is separate documentation for the empirical part containing a technical description and a developer's guide. In the first phase, an initial coarse evaluation of the Java job scheduling frameworks is conducted to find the most suitable frameworks for the second phase evaluation. In the second phase, a more detailed evaluation of the Java job scheduling frameworks is conducted for those frameworks selected in the first phase. Based on the evaluation results of the different Java job scheduling frameworks an empirical test application is implemented, separately from this evaluation, with the job scheduling framework which best meets the evaluation criteria. The separate documents include an installation guide and a technical description.
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Decorative picture frames : stained glass pattern book
Viability of part cargoes in tramp shipping company's routing and scheduling decisions
Cross stitch
Smart teaching? : teachers' perspectives on interactive whiteboard technology in foreign language teaching
Samsung Galaxy tablet in easy steps : : for tab 2 and tab 3
Actual and potential pedagogical use of tablets in schools
iPad for dummies
The iPad & iPad Mini : pocket guide
The encyclopedia of picture chords for all guitarists
The portrait
Panel painting : technique and conservation of wood supports
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF PICTURE FRAMING TECHNIQUES
Pump schedule optimisation techniques for water distribution systems
IPad for the older and wiser : get up and running with your iPad or iPad mini
Teach yourself visually iPad
Ipad in education for dummies
Thomas Cook European timetable : railway and shipping services throughout Europe
Samsung Galaxy Tab for dummies
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Incredible iPad Apps for dummies
The pop songbook 1. 1
Windows 8 for tablets plain & simple
Android tablets for dummies
Construction productivity : a practical guide for building and electrical contractors
The woman on the stairs
CONSUMER BEHAVIOR IN THE TABLET COMPUTER MARKET IN MOSCOW
Brown's nautical almanac : daily tide tables for 2009
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
Leveraging social networking services on multipurpose public displays
The Step by step art of Christmas Crafts
Hits from musicals
Production planning and industrial scheduling : examples, case studies, and applications
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
Hand Embroidered Country Scenes
The handheld library : mobile technology and the librarian
The Spiral : the Heist of the Century
Evaluation of job scheduling frameworks for Java programming language
Brown's nautical almanac : daily tide tables for.... 2008
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
iPad for photographers
iPad all-in-one for dummies
Picture framing : a complete guide
The iPad project book : stuff you can do with your iPad
The picture framer's handbook
Teach yourself visually iPhoto for iPad
iPad & iPhone user : e-lehti
Plane trigonometry ; Logarithmic and trigonometric tables
New felt : using the felting needle
Attractive cross stitch designs
Testing user experience in tablet game graphics
Bradshaw's continental railway guide : 1853 railway handbook of Europe
