http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26331 spirit world
spirit world
The round house
Ancient Egyptian celestial healing : the source codes for high frequency
A tale of the light world : revealing a profound secret of the universe
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
Neverwhere
The key
The water is warm ... but can you be in too deep? Luca loves reggae, hates his parents' rum habit, and wishes his dad could get a proper job. He also loves Gaby (though he'd never admit it to her face) so upsetting her is enough to push him into a dark place. Retreating to the local beach, as he always does when he can't sleep, watching the waves gives his life some sort of rhythm. One night, as he lets the tide lull him, a group of figures emerge from the water and walk past him, unseeing. Spellbound by these impossible sea-men, Luca holds nightly vigils at the beach. Until one night the sailors beckon him to follow them back into the sea. For fans of Mark Haddon and Neil Gaiman, Luca, Son of the Morning is a haunting book about imagination, delusion and the grey places in between.
The screaming staircase
Let your spirit guides speak : a simple guide for a life of purpose, abundance and joy
Olivia Kidney stops for no one
A woman goes into a bakery to buy a strawberry cream tart. The place is immaculate but there is no one serving so she waits. Another customer comes in. The woman tells the new arrival that she is buying her son a treat for his birthday. Every year she buys him his favourite cake; even though he died in an accident when he was six years old. From this beginning Yoko Ogawa weaves a dark and beautiful narrative that pulls together a seemingly disconnected cast of characters. In the tradition of classical Japanese poetic collections, the stories in Revenge are linked through recurring images and motifs, as each story follows on from the one before while simultaneously introducing new characters and themes. Filled with breathtaking images, Ogawa provides us with a slice of life that is resplendent in its chaos, enthralling in its passion and chilling in its cruelty.
Oh great, now I can hear dead people
Nick, known as the dreaded "chocolate ogre," is trying to find all the children in Everlost and release them from the limbo they are in, while Mikey and Allie have joined a band of skinjackers and are putting themselves in danger by visiting the world of the living.
THE SPIRIT OF NATIVE AMERICA
When Nick and Allie are killed in a car crash, they end up in Everlost, or limbo for lost souls, where although Nick is satisfied, Allie will stop at nothing--even skinjacking--to break free.
Everfound
Fall of the multiverse
The angel whisperer : incredible stories of hope and love from the angels
The dark sacrament : true stories of modern-day demon possession and exorcism
Ghosts
Murdered : soul suspect : Xbox One
Education in the new age
Murdered : soul suspect : Xbox 360
The complete book of aquarian magic : a practical guide to the magical arts
The ascension mysteries : revealing the cosmic battle between good and evil
The way of the shaman
Wolf brother
Luka and the fire of life
Angels : how to see, hear and feel your angels
Ghastly business
In the limbo that's Everlost, Mary, Nick, Allie, and others face the decisions that will determine whether that place and the Earth itself will continue to exist, as well as where their own futures lie.
A funny thing happened on the way to heaven : (or, how I made peace with the paranormal and stigmatized zealots and cynics in the process)
Becoming Jinn
Soul survivor : the reincarnation of World War II fighter pilot
Southern gods
Bag of bones
The liminal people : a novel
Raid and the blackest sheep
Knife edge
Water acting as a border between the natural and supernatural worlds in the frontier zones of the early and high middle ages
Ghosts : a history of phantoms, ghouls & other spirits od the dead
Murdered : soul suspect : PS4
Merleau-Ponty, interiority and exteriority, psychic life, and the world
Ghost
The practical psychic self-defense handbook : a survival guide : combat psychic attacks, evil spirits & possession
The light between us : lessons from heaven that teach us to live better in the here and now
Spirits, mediums, and human worlds : the Amhara peasants of the North Ethiopian highlands and their traditions of knowledge
Apocalypse now now
The quest of the overself
Archivist Wasp : a novel
Luca, son of the morning
The undiscovered country : journeys among the dead
The secret of the blue glass
My friend in afterworld : experiences in the other reality
The multivalent concept of the imaginary is utilized to capture the presence and diffusion of religious references, symbols, worldviews, and narratives in various media and social spheres, including politics, economics, art, and popular culture. Used to describe the reception and transformation of religious references through time and cultures, imaginary can be defined as a shared pool of mental images and material products, of ideas, symbols, values, and practices that sustain meaning-making processes and cohesion within a collective. Situated at the intersection of sociological, political-philosophical, and cultural studies approaches to religion, this interdisciplinary study offers an intense exchange between theoretical discussions of religion in cultural imaginaries and richly researched empirical analysis.
A brief history of angels and demons
Signs of the Spirit : official report, seventh assembly, Canberra, Australia, 7-20 February 1991
The invisible
Infinite riches
Murdered : soul suspect : PlayStation 3
Archivist wasp : a novel
No dress rehearsal
Believing in belonging : belief and social identity in the modern world
The beginner's goodbye : a novel
Murdered : soul suspect : PS3
Cave and cosmos : shamanic encounters with another reality
Religion in cultural imaginary : explorations in visual and material practices
Pets are forever : amazing true stories of angelic animals
The wisdom of the overself
The skinjacker trilogy : everlost : everwild : everfound
The women in the walls
A postapocalyptic ghosthunter escapes her dire fate by joining the ghost of a supersoldier on his quest to the underworld.
