http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2632 colic
colic
Causes of chronic colic and weight loss
Detecting early kidney damage in horses with colic by measuring matrix metalloproteinase-9 and -2, other enzymes, urinary glucose and total proteins
Infant colic crying and gastrointestinal tract : causes, consequences and cure
The use of ultrasonography in the colicky foal
Family interaction and infant's crying : prospective studies of families with colicky and non-colicky infants
Silent nights : overcoming sleep problems in babies and children
Handbook of equine colic
A behavioral intervention for mothers of colicky infants
Markers of coeliac disease latency
Excessive crying and sleep in infancy : the assessment of sleep characteristics and the function of the autonomous nervous system in colicky infants
Crying and restlessness in babies : a parent's guide to natural sleeping
Absract.
Reflexology and infantile colic : a step-by-step guide for parents and nurses
Management of chronic colic and weight loss
Program and abstarcts
Evaluation of chronic colic and weight loss
Xylose absorption test in horses and its use in diagnostics of IBD
Clostridium difficile in horses
Background: Mothers caring for an infant with unexplained, excessive crying, or infant colic, can experience overwhelming stress. Colic affects approximately 10-20% of all healthy newborns and typically manifests in the post-partum period. It is the most common complaint of pediatric health care providers in the first three months of life. Currently, the literature lacks a clear and effective intervention to improve colic symptoms. Mothers must cope with the challenges of caring for a colicky infant until symptoms remit. Aims: The specific aim of this study is to assess the effectiveness of a behavioral intervention, The Happiest Baby on the Block, in reducing mother's stress and improving mother-to-infant bonding.^ Methods: A randomized controlled trial was conducted with initially thirteen mothers. Participants were randomized to a treatment (n=7) or control group (n=6); four from the control group were lost to attrition. Mother's stress level was measured using the Parenting Stress Index-Short Form, salivary cortisol and salivary amylase levels. Mother-to-infant bonding was measured using the Mother-to-Infant Bond Scale. Measurements were obtained at baseline and at about two weeks post-intervention.^ Results: A doubly multivariate analysis was used to compare the two groups across the two time periods. Although results revealed a reduction in mean stress and mother-to-infant bonding scores, statistical significance was not achieved (p=.133). ^ Conclusion: The behavioral intervention assessed in this study did not demonstrate statistical significance in reducing mother's stress levels or improving mother-to-infant bonding levels for mothers of colicky infants. A small sample size is a clear limitation and may have contributed to the non-significant findings. Further research is recommended with a large sample size and equal groups to validate findings.
