http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26387 kidney transplantation
kidney transplantation
Abstract. - Abstract in Finnish.
Anaesthesia of a kidney transplant patient : nursing recommendations
Economic evaluation of renal replacement therapies
Therapeutic strategies targeting vascular endothelial growth factors and early kidney allograft injury in the prevention of chronic rejection in the rat
Cognitive and behavioral outcome after solid organ transplantation in childhood
Kidney transplantation
Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin in kidney and liver transplantation
Abstract: Informed consent in medical research : kidney transplant patients fulfilment of autonomy, willingness to participate in a medical research and experiences from participation in a trial.
Survival of patients with type 1 diabetes on renal replacement therapy
Long-term outcome after pediatric renal transplantation : endocrinologic and metabolic effects
Current topics in transplantation
Biomarkers of chronic allograft injury in children after renal transplantation
Living kidney donation : a surgeon's opinion
Microvascular dysfunction in ischemia-reperfusion in cardiac and kidney alllografts
Updates in geriatric nephrology
Transplant patients undergoing nontransplant surgeries are increasingly common. In Finland, an anaesthesia nurse is responsible for the planning, preparation and monitoring of anaesthesia during surgery together with the anaesthetist. The purpose of the thesis was to examine the special considerations and recommendations in anaesthesia nursing of a kidney transplant patient. The thesis focused on the perioperative care of a kidney transplant patient, and a Finnish anaesthesia nurse's role in implementing it. The objective was to increase nurses' and nursing students' knowledge on kidney transplant patients' anaesthesia considerations.  Information was gathered by conducting a literature review. The core themes, kidney transplant patients and anaesthesia nursing, formed the basis for the literature search. Ten articles from reliable sources were selected and critically analysed. The results describe the advisable nursing interventions considering a kidney transplant patient's anaesthesia during surgery.  The results indicate that preparing a kidney transplant patient's anaesthesia requires careful consideration. A kidney transplant and the end-stage renal disease leading to it affect many aspects of perioperative care, such as medication, fluid therapy and the surgical position. Thus it is essential to comprehend a kidney transplant's effects on the patient and their anaesthesia. Further studies on different transplant patients' anaesthesia nursing would be beneficial in order to increase the safety of all transplant patients.
