http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26376 campus areas
campus areas
Plant layout and facility planning
Hirvi-korttelin suuri muodonmuutos = Universitetet växte i stadskärnan = Constructing the University in the heart of the city
Practical methods of user involvement in the service innovation process based on user motivation : conducted in conjunction with the FUAS "Virtual Campus" E-learning project
Campus guide : architecture, history and attractions at the University of Jyväskylä
Abstract.
Locked on
Foreign student’ involvement in the enhancement of operations at University of Applied Sciences : case: Niemi Campus
Cross-border partnerships in higher education : strategies and issues / edited by Robin Sakamoto and David W. Chapman
Oppiva kampus : How to co-create campus?
Planning the implementation of Moodle eLearning system in some African institutions
Using the unused : spaces for Aalto University's creative community
Dead or alive
Managing the university campus ; information to support real estate decisions
Grace : the possession
Tom Clancy's full force and effect
Creating multicultural change on campus
Campus 2015 : jury report
University campus management dynamics in spatial transformation : systemic facilitation of interdisciplinary learning communities
Ethnic and religious diversity in higher education in Ethiopia : the case of Bahir Dar University
Layout, or the physical organization of people, materials and machines within a workplace, is at the very heart of productivity. This book will enable creation of new productive layouts quickly and smoothly. Plant layout and facility planning are closely associated in industrial and commercial enterprises, and affect operating efficiency and productivity now and in the future. Layout chapters focus on product flow, space utilization, and functional relationships; facility planning chapters address strategy for and how to achieve relocation, growth, consolidation, site search, a campus. Chapters explain what and why, and list actions to create productive layouts quickly and smoothly within the physical constraints of the facility. They improve project management by highlighting which practices to utilize and which missteps to avoid, and extend the technical capabilities of your staff. Facility layouts and floor plans tend to be replaced infrequently, because a revision can be expensive and cause disruption as it is installed. Better get it right.
The Teeth of the tiger
Oppiva kampus : how to co-create campus?
The nine elements of a sustainable campus
The ghost apple : a novel
A comparative study on campus sustainability in higher education sector in Hong Kong and Finland
Subversives : the FBI's war on student radicals, and Reagan's rise to power
The physical university : contours of space and place in higher education
The Art of fielding
Tom Clancys support and defend
Tom Clancy Support and Defend : a Campus novel
Tom Clancy's support and defend
Undergraduate business and environmental science students' recycling behavior at an Appalachian University
What’s happened to the university? : a sociological exploration of its infantilisation
White death
