http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2639 change of career
change of career career change
Trans people and their occupational choices
The redundancy survival guide : assess your legal rights, explore career options and turn redundancy into opportunity
Ballet dancers in career transition : sixteen success stories / Nancy Upper ; foreword by Kevin McKenzie
Why do teachers leave the teaching profession? : can alternative certificate programs eliminate the U. S. teacher shortage issue?
Should I stay or should I go? Physical education teachers' career intentions
Pivot : the only move that matters is your next one
One person/multiple careers : the original guide to the Slash/Career
PE teachers' job satisfaction, turnover, and intention to stay or leave the profession
Young registered nurses' intent to leave the profession in Finland : a mixed-method study
Leap without a net : leaving a job with no plan B
The initiates : a comic artist and a wine artisan exchange jobs
Constructing new professional identities : career changers in teacher education
Examines "the Slash Effect" in which readers pursue multiple careers at the same time in order to extend their marketable talents, ensure additional income, find increasing fulfillment in the workplace, and escape job insecurity and boredom.
Pastors in transition : why clergy leave local church ministry
Whether they leave out of preference for another ministry or due to serious conflict, pastors who relinquish parish ministry face misunderstanding and even hostility. Pastors in Transition brings clarity to this little-examined aspect of the pastorate by examining the main reasons why pastors in five Protestant denominations have left parish ministry. The fruit of careful sociological research, Pastors in Transition presents the findings of the largest-ever study of recently ended ministries. More than 900 ex-ministers, representing the Assemblies of God, the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, the Presbyterian Church (USA), and the United Methodist Church, were surveyed or interviewed. Besides gathering facts and figures, the book contains personal stories, forthright opinions, and concrete recommendations from former pastors for strengthening parish ministry in the future.
Shifty McGifty and Slippery Sam
Working identity : unconventional strategies for reinventing your career
When God was a rabbit
The great mid-life career switch : 15 important tips to help you change careers at half-time
Career theory and practice : learning through case studies
"Jenny Blake, bestselling author of Life After College and former career development program manager at Google, shows how to move into your next career phase by leveraging what you already do well.  Now, more than ever, we need to navigate career changes deftly and frequently. The average employee tenure in America is just four or five years, and even those job roles often change dramatically within that time frame. Our economy demands that we create dynamic careers based on creativity, innovation, and serving others. Careers aren't linear, predictable ladders; they're fluid trajectories that are fluid and entrepreneurial. No matter your age, bank account balance, or seniority, you need to be able to pivot into your next opportunity so you don't get left behind. Drawing from her own experience and those of other successful pivoters, Jenny Blake has created a four-step process that can teach anyone how to: identify existing strengths, interests, and experiences; find new opportunities and identify skills to develop without falling prey to paralysis by analysis; launch successfully in a new direction, while staying primed for the next move. This book is for anyone without an answer to the question, 'what's next?'. Whether you've hit a plateau in your perfect-on-paper job, you're considering taking on a new role in your current job, or you want to move to a new company or industry, one thing remains clear: career success depends on pivoting to Plan B (or C or D)"--
The complete career makeover
A one-page tool to reinvent yourself and your careerThe global bestseller Business Model Generation introduced a unique visual way to summarize and creatively brainstorm any business or product idea on a single sheet of paper. Business Model You uses the same powerful one-page tool to teach readers how to draw "personal business models," which reveal new ways their skills can be adapted to the changing needs of the marketplace to reveal new, more satisfying, career and life possibilities. Produced by the same team that created Business Model Generation, this book is based on the Business Model.
Business model you : a one-page method for reinventing your career
