http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26315 challenge (questioning)
challenge (questioning)
In his doctoral research Tero Nauha develops models for thinking and practice where artistic research and practice become critical tools against the presumed immanence of capitalism. The research consists of three artistic works which create a critical inquiry on the biopolitical management of subjectivity. It produces a critical argument counter to the philosophical assertions of schizoanalysis being one of the first inquiries in artistic research where the post-structural theory of Gilles Deleuze and Félix Guattari is set in the context of immaterial labour and political theory of the post-industrial capitalism.
Three dimensional creativity : three navigations to extend our thoughts
Proteinaholic : how our obsession with meat is killing us and what we can do about it
On literary worlds
"The rise of corporatism in the North American University was charted by Bill Readings in the mid nineteen-nineties book The University in Ruins. The intervening years have seen the corporate university grow and extend to the point where its evolution into a large business corporation is seemingly complete. This book examines the factors contributing to the transformation of the university from a site of culture and knowledge to what might be termed an 'information factory', and explores strategies for how, in Readings' words, members of the academic community might continue to 'dwell in the ruins of the university' in a productive and authentic way. Drawing on the work of critics and philosophers such as, amongst others, Barthes, Derrida, Lyotard and Deleuze, The University in Dissent suggests that this can only be achieved subversively through the development of a community of philosophers who are prepared to challenge and critique the mission statement of the 'university of excellence' from within, focusing on how scholarly and academic writing will develop in this new era Summarising, contextualising and extending previous understandings of the rise of corporatism and the subsequent demise of the traditional aims and values of the university, Rolfe assesses the situation in contemporary UK and international settings. He recognises that change is at the core of current university education and explores some of the challenges and consequences of this shift in the academic world, showing how academics can work with, and against, change. This timely and thought provoking book is a must read for all academics at University level, as well as education policy makers"-- Provided by publisher.
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
The ministry of thin : how the pursuit of perfection got out of control
Schizoproduction : artistic research and performance in the context of immanent capitalism
Making thinking visible  : how to promote engagement, understanding, and independence for all learners
Inquiry-guided learning : new directions for teaching and learning
Jennifer Johnson is sick of being married
""NO! NO! NO! NO!" yelled one artist to another as he viewed what the other had painted during the day. "You do not understand! This is not what we are trying to do!" "It is you who do not understand!" the other replied. "This is what we talked about this morning!" "This is exactly what we are trying to achieve!" Such heated discussions were common between two of the greatest painters of the early 20th Century. They had an intense creative collaboration filled with conflict. They dressed alike, in mechanics' clothes, and jokingly compared themselves to the Wright brothers (Orville and Wilbur). From about 1908 to 1912, they saw each other almost every day, talked constantly about the revolutionary new style they were developing, and painted as similarly as possible. Many of their respective works from those years were indistinguishable. In many cases, only art experts could or can distinguish between a painting by one or the other. They were deeply committed to their goal of creating a new style. Usually, they would meet for breakfast to discuss what they planned to paint during the d"--
"Why do people make decisions based on their own perspective without considering alternative points of view? Do differences of opinion enhance or obstruct critical thinking? Is it wise to seek out people who disagree with you and listen to their objections to your conclusions? Focusing on the theory, research, and application of constructive controversy, this book analyses the nature of disagreement among members of decision-making groups, project teams, academic study groups, and other groups that are involved in solving problems. Johnson demonstrates that this theory is one of the most effective methods of enhancing creativity and innovation, decision making, teaching, and political discourse. The book includes entertaining and intriguing examples of how constructive controversy has been used in a variety of historical periods to advance creativity, achieve innovations, and guide democracies. It will be welcomed by students in the fields of social psychology, management/business studies, education, and communication studies"--
Disagreement and skepticism
The art of thinking clearly
Unbrandable : how to succeed in the new brand space
A practical guide to critical thinking : deciding what to do and believe
Constructive controversy : theory, research, practice
Killing us softly : the sense and nonsense of alternative medicine
First person action research : living life as inquiry
Why I am not a Muslim
The meat fix : how a lifetime of healthy eating nearly killed me
Think : why you should question everything
For the love of God, Marie!
"Disruptive Tourism and its Untidy Guests" envisions alternative arrangements of social life by welcoming 'the untidy guest' to discourses, theories and philosophies of tourism. Written by an author collective with backgrounds in philosophy, sociology, tourism, hospitality and development studies, the book transfers the focus of tourism theories away from managing sustainability and toward alternative -- disruptive -- ontologies and epistemologies for future tourist hospitalities and mobilities. The co-authors 'mess around' with tourism studies by invoking the radical potentialities of 'untidiness'. Tourism and the host-guest relations it entails are explored by means of deliberately untidy concepts: camping, parasites, silence, unlearning and serendipities. Instead of trying to manage or tidy up tourist situations and encounters, Disruptive Tourism and its Untidy Guests embraces the messiness of human relations and argues for more creative, embodied and ethical ontologies of tourism, hospitality and mobility.
The university in dissent : scholarship in the corporate university
Values and stances towards expert knowledge
This accessible and introductory guide to critical thinking will help you think like a scientist, learn to question everything, and understand how your own brain can trip you up. This fresh and exciting approach to science, skepticism, and critical thinking will enlighten and inspire readers of all ages. With a mix of wit and wisdom, it challenges everyone to think like a scientist, embrace the skeptical life, and improve their critical thinking skills
We are bombarded with more information each day than our brains can process, especially in election season. It's raining bad data, half-truths, and even outright lies. Daniel J. Levitin shows how to recognize misleading announcements, statistics, graphs, and written reports revealing the ways lying weasels can use them. This book outlines recommendations for critical thinking practices that meet the challenges of the digital age's misinformation, demonstrating the role of science in information literacy while explaining the importance of skeptical reasoning in making decisions based on online information.
Sarasa's plan to attract King Ukon's magistrate away from her allies pays off, but not without a price. She finds herself questioning her identity as the dawn of a critical battle approaches / WorldCat.
Disruptive tourism and its untidy guests : alternative ontologies for future hospitalities
A field guide to lies and statistics : a neuroscientist on how to make sense of a complex world
After buddhism : rethinking the dharma for a secular age
