http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26367 text comprehension
text comprehension
Perspective effects on text comprehension : evidence from recall, eyetracking and think-alouds
Interviews : an introduction to qualitative research interviewing
Bloom leads readers through the labyrinthine paths which link the writers and critics who have informed and inspired him for so many years.
Reading comprehension instruction 1783-1987 : a review of trends and research
The read-in : thirteen units in situational reading comprehension
Children's reading comprehension and assessment
Lessons in comprehension : explicit instruction in the reading workshop
The anatomy of influence : literature as a way of life
Semantic mapping : classroom applications
Inferences and text comprehension
Learning in multiple contexts : papers and posters presented at the First Joensuu Symposium on Learning and Instruction
Understanding reader's understanding : theory and practice
With the development of new information and communication technologies, new concepts of extending the concept of literacy have emerged, such as media literacy, computer literacy, and information literacy. This paper addresses literary literacy as a form of extended literacies. The notion of literary here comprehends widely various fields of literature, with artistic literature as one, although in a sense paradigmatic, instance. The aspects of reading and literacy emphasized in this paper will have particular educational significance in contexts of general school education. Hermeneutics is a classical discipline of how we should read. It emphasizes aspects of appropriative, or Bildung-oriented, reading that we can oppose to the instrumental use of what one reads. Within hermeneutics, and particularly the sociological studies of literature, the paper also finds foundations for critical reading. There would be, however, a tension between the fundamentally hermeneutical appropriative literacy and critical questioning, and the notion of literary literacy should contain a dialect between them. The paper emphasizes the significance of literary literacy, since there is a danger that it disappears behind more instrumentally emphasized notions of literacy. Similarly, there is a risk that the everyday plausibility of the demand of being critical suffocates the appropriative aspects of literacy and reading.
Text and thinking : on some roles of thinking in text interpretation
Learning to read and write
Children's comprehension of text : research into practice
Missing the meaning : the development and use of print and nonprint text materials in diverse school settings
Reading
Models of understanding text
Lukutaidon uudet ulottuvuudet = New dimensions of reading
English reading comprehension : natural sciences. 1, Biology
English reading comprehension : natural sciences. 2, Mathematics, physics
Culture and text = Kultura i tekst
I see what you mean : assessing readability for specific target groups
English reading comprehension : natural sciences. 3, Geography, geology : teacher's book
The moomins in the world - learning with text
Thinking forwards and backwards : matamemory and metacomprehension abilities and strategies in text processing
North star : focus on reading and writing. Advanced
Intermediate English reading and comprehension
Tilanteesta toiseen : a Finnish course
Finnish summary.
Abstraction and authority in textbooks : the textual paths towards specialized language
Development of reading skills in the Finnish comprehensive school
Later language development : school-age children, adolescents, and young adults
Reading comprehension assessment : cognitive basis
Mind mapping for dummies
Bibliography of text accessibility
Academic and professional English : reading, writing and spoken communication
A reader perspective into text accessibility
The psychology of science text comprehension
Narrative comprehension : a discourse perspective
Text authenticity in international reading literacy assessment : focusing on PISA 2000
North star : reading and writing. High intermediate
English reading comprehension : natural sciences. 3, Geography, geology
Tekstinymmärtäminen : tekstinymmärtämisen tasosta suomalaisessa peruskoulussa = The level of reading comprehension in the Finnish comprehensive school
Testing the ability of prospective university students to analyse language material
Doing critical literacy : texts and activities for students and teachers
Files and folders
Literacies, hermeneutics, and literature
Summary.
How to read texts : a student guide to critical approaches and skills
North star : focus on reading and writing. High Intermediate
English reading comprehension : social and behavioural sciences. Section 1, Texts [1-10) + Structures
Reading interactive fiction : effects on prior knowledge on text processing
Psychology of reading
InterViews : learning the craft of qualitative research interviewing
Reexamining reading diagnosis : new trends and procedures
Sequantility and iconomism in operating instructions
Strategies that work : teaching comprehension for understanding and engagement
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : atext analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
Principles of accessibility and design in English texts : research in progress 2
English reading comprehension : preparatory course
English reading comprehension : affixes
Advanced English comprehension
Eye movements during reading and discourse processing
English reading comprehension : natural sciences. 1, Ecology
Northstar : focus on reading and writing, intermediate
Study skills handbook : a guide for all teachers
Englanninkielisen tieteellisen tekstin ymmärtämisen opetuskokeilu : ensimmäinen kokeiluvaihe = English language teaching experiment in the comprehension of scientific text : stage 1
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : a text analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
English reading comprehension : humanities. [4], Wordlists
