http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26360 testing methods
testing methods
Conservation of cultural heritage, Test methods : measurement of water absorption by pipe method
Behavioral, social, and emotional assessment of children and adolescents
Embedded mixed-signal testing on board and system level
The economics of automatic testing
Measurement and automated test systems
Product design and engineering : formulation of gels and pastes
The goal of this thesis was to develop a test method to determine the barrier properties of polymer substrates for Picodeon Ltd Oy. Picodeon had earlier made tests at 3rd party laboratories to determine barrier properties; the in-house test was developed to accelerate the development work of barrier films. The oil penetration test followed the guidelines of ASTM F119 – 82 standard. In this project the goal was to find the right test parameters for tensioned TPU membrane and to develop the analysis of the results. The gas penetration test was designed to be a fast way to determine the barrier properties of polymer samples and to show improvements on the coating related to porous structure. In this method helium gas was used and detector was Agilent G3388A leak detector. For oil penetration test the right parameters were found and a picture analysis method was developed where the mean gray value of spots from TLC plate was measured. With mean gray value method we were able to follow the progress of penetration through polymer. A specification for oil penetration test was done (Appendix 1). Gas penetration test with Agilent detector was abandoned after first set of tests because the detectors quantitative values and the lack of sensitivity. A new setup for gas penetration was acquired but time ran out to do any testing with the new setup.
Building a successful board-test strategy
Entry-level free commercial databases : a usability study : covering Oracle G10 Express Edition, DB2 Express-C 9.7.2 edition and SQL Server 2008 R2 Express Edition
Mechanical testing and analysis of polymer fence post spike
Lessons learned in software testing : a context-driven approach
Development of high-throughput yeast-cell-based bioreporter assays for specific monitoring of bisphenol A and chemical testing of endocrine disrupting compounds
Nordtest method. NT acou
Psychological testing : a practical approach to design and evaluation
Bad Pharma : how drug companies mislead doctors and harm patients
Development of characterization methods for antennas and quasi-optics
Essential chemistry for formulators of semi-solid and liquid dosages
Functional biodiversity in soils : development and applicability of an enzyme activity pattern measurement method
Terahertz time-domain study on selected parameters of pharmaceutical tablets using effective medium approximations
Constructing skilled images
Software testing and test management with test database tool
Testing applications on the web : test planning for Internet-based systems
Conservation of cultural property, Test methods : determination of static contact angle
Developing a physiotherapeutic testing battery for dogs with stifle dysfunction
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
The ability to structure acoustic material as a measure of musical aptitude. 3, Theoretical refinements
Software verification and validation : a practioner's guide
Measurement concepts in physical education and exercise science
Testing IT : an off-the-shelf software testing process
"Professional testing of software is an essential task that requires a profound knowledge of testing techniques. The International Software Testing Qualifications Board (ISTQB) has developed a universally accepted, international qualification scheme aimed at software and system testing professionals, and has created the Syllabi and Tests for the "Certified Tester." Today about 300,000 people have taken the ISTQB certification exams. The authors of Software Testing Foundations, 4th Edition, are among the creators of the Certified Tester Syllabus and are currently active in the ISTQB. This thoroughly revised and updated fourth edition covers the "Foundations Level" (entry level) and teaches the most important methods of software testing. It is designed for self-study and provides the information necessary to pass the Certified Tester-Foundations Level exam, version 2011, as defined by the ISTQB. Also in this new edition, technical terms have been precisely stated according to the recently revised and updated ISTQB glossary. Topics covered: Fundamentals of Testing Testing and the Software Lifecycle Static and Dynamic Testing Techniques Test Management Test Tools Also mentioned are some updates to the syllabus that are due in 2015"--
The global testing culture : shaping education policy, perceptions and pratice
In this thesis some theory of Usability is first explained to give a context to the readers about the tests that took place afterwards. Far from being a complete study of Usability, the work focus on some general components of Usability for then going to explain the principles of Usability Testing that were used in the test, specifically the Cognitive Walkthrough and Heuristic Evaluation methods. The readers, now armed with this knowledge of usability, can understand and appreciate better the test plans for the Usability Testing that took place on 16th of December 2010 at Haaga-Helia UAS. Two tests were conducted: a Cognitive Walkthrough and an Heuristic Evaluation of 3 commercial DBMS products and the support web sites linked to them. The tests were quite succesful and produced copious amount of data that was used to generate some reccomendations about the products. The recommendations are too extensive to reproduce here, but each of the products had its strong and weak points, some more than others. Beside a series of recommendations, there is also a series of feedback received during the test and the experiences of the test moderator that are reproduced in the text to help future students in preparing and conducting better tests. Once again, listing all the findings would not fit in this abstract, but the hope here is that they will help quite much any student or researcher going this same route.
Development and evaluation of accelerated environmental test methods for products with high reliability requirements
Assessment of Learners with Dyslexic-Type Difficulties
Development of agile software production to the organisation
A handbook for sensory and consumer-driven new product development : innovate technologies for the food and beverage industry
Studies of working memory in interrupted human-computer interaction
Test Tool Development Of Secure Real-Time Transport Protocol : With analysis of media signaling methods
Use of test forms of control for the final evaluation of the knowledge and abilities related to teaching methods acquired by the bachelors of russian as a forgein langusge speciality (in Lithaunia and Russia) : summary of the doctoral dissertation : social sciences, educational sciences (07 S)
Bad pharma : how medicine is broken, and how we can fix it
Fault-finding in computers and digital circuits
Machine center geometry measurement.
Prototyping new interaction style : a case study in designing deformable mobile devices
Electronic testing and fault diagnosis
A computer-aided technique for testing cognitive functions : validated on a sample of Danes 30 to 60 years of age
Hard coal and coke : determation of ash fusibility = Houille et coke - détermination de la fusibilité des cendres
Behavior of martensitic wear resistant steels in abrasion and impact wear testing conditions
Software testing foundations : a study guide for the certified tester exam : foundation level, ISTQB compliant
Conservation of cultural property, Test methods : determination of water absorption by capillarity
Tests & measurement for people who (think they) hate tests & measurement
Information technology  - open system interconnection - conformance testing methodology and framework : Part 3 : the tree and tabular combined notation (TTCN)
Proteus : a cruise design tool for the future
Comfort properties of textiles
Nordtest method. NT poly
Applied psychometry
Quantifying the user experience : practical statistics for user research
The ability to structure acoustic material as a measure of musical aptitude. 2, Test construction and results
Summary.
Testing in software development
Galanin : basic research discoveries and therapeutic implications
Test and desing strategies for successful testing of SMT high-density PCBs
Testing computer software
It is fair to say that Agile development is today's major trend. It is used more or less in every company if the company is involved in mobile software industry. Agile development is also widely used in other embedded software development. It is recognized to be a very effective and efficient way of development. However, there are many issues which are needed to be considered and taken into account when transferring to this process model. Especially the transferring period can be very difficult and have a long lasting effect to a company. The aim of this Master's thesis was to study more deeply this subject and find a different way to conquer the challenges what comes to this subject. There are so many positive experiences from this, but normally some of the negative sides have been left out. I have experienced a transfer in my own career and I saw really close what kind of things are usually left out and not told. The second aim of this thesis was to investigate how well Agile methods suit in embedded software development. Agile works well what comes just to software projects, but when talking about embedded development, the process is not always so easy. Embedded devices vary for example from small music players to big and complex medical devices. This thesis will concentrate only on small portable devices, since my experience comes from that field. I used mainly my own experiences and situations I have met to find a suitable process. In theory parts I used different publications from the Internet and books to back up my knowledge. I managed to present basic practices and processes from different methodologies that I discovered as good in embedded development. Next steps would be to test these different processes in practice. Since there are many different kinds of embedded systems out there, every modified process has to be first tested in a real life before it can be decided whether can it be taken in to use or not.
Relationships between physical measurements and user evaluation of image quality in medical radiology : a review
Digital systems testing and testable design
Expecting better : why the conventional pregnancy wisdom is wrong and what you really need to know
Nordtest method. NT fire
This comprehensive guide enables teachers to understand a range of approaches to the assessment of children with dyslexic-type difficulties. Linking theory, research and practice, practitioners will gain critical knowledge of procedures to analyse, interpret and use in appropriate assessments which will facilitate setting targets for teaching. The book covers: - how to use both informal and formal assessment procedures - frameworks for evaluating published and teacher-made assessments - the professional development needs of any teacher involved in assessment Ideal for those training to be specialist teachers of learners with dyslexia, this text is equally useful to all teachers and SENCOS (Special Educational Needs Co-ordinators) and complements the authors' book Teaching Literacy to Learners with Dyslexia to provide comprehensive guidance for assessing and teaching learners with dyslexic-type difficulties. Sylvia Phillips is an experienced Special Educational Needs educator, and currently leads Glyndwr University's specialist course for teachers of learners with dyslexia.
Evaluation of entomopathogenic nematode strains for control of Delia radicum, Tipula paludosa and T. Oleracea
Methods for assessing degrading effects of UV radiation on materials
Educational research, methodology, and measurement : an international handbook
Design of experiments for engineers and scientists
Test tool development of Secure Real-time Transport Protocol : with analysis of media signaling methods
Entry-Level free Commercial databases: A Usability Study
Communicative language testing
Agile development and testing in embedded systems
Testing statistical hypotheses
Conservation of cultural property, Test methods : colour measurement of surfaces
Man-computer interface 1988b
Prediction of material properties based on non-destructive Barkhausen noise measurement
Conservation of cultural property, Test methods : determination of water vapour permeability (DP)
Nordtest method. NT build
"Doctors and patients need good scientific evidence to make informed decisions. But instead, companies run bad trials on their own drugs, which distort and exaggerate the benefits by design. When these trials produce unflattering results, the data is simply buried. All of this is perfectly legal. In fact, even government regulators withhold vitally important data from the people who need it most. Doctors and patient groups have stood by too, and failed to protect us. Instead, they take money and favours, in a world so fractured that medics and nurses are now educated by the drugs industry. Patients are harmed in huge numbers. Ben Goldacre is Britain's finest writer on the science behind medicine, and 'Bad Pharma' is a clear and witty attack, showing exactly how the science has been distorted, how our systems have been broken, and how easy it would be to fix them." -- (Fourth Estate)
Electronics for the (gamma,egamma) -experiment
Optical coherence tomography as a characterization method in printed electronics
Testing of VoIP security problems is essential to enterprises providing real-time data and services. The critical infrastructure can be compromised and data to be regularly exposed. This information may be used by malicious hackers for illegal purposes. At the same time consumers are connecting their smartphones and other personal devices to the network. The business with private and secured data is becoming more and more important in our everyday life. The major security threat for enterprises today is discovering existing unknown vulnerabilities from used software. Unknown vulnerabilities may cause a lot of serious problems, attacks utilizing security holes may continue undetected (while customer safety is compromised) and the repair process tends to be slow once an attack is detected. Additionally, during maintenance there is downtime when customer services are not accessible. Naturally, all downtime is damaging company reputation and eventually affecting to company profits. Security related bugs are likely to exist in platforms when facing with new technologies which are complex to implement and when software versions are often a released detriment of testing. Also, an increasing number of vulnerabilities have not been published but instead those may end to be used and shared within underground hacker communities. Companies and enterprises need to find preventive actions to protect their products and services because it takes too much time to wait fixed software releases from vendors. In this thesis work the protocol model from a Secure Real-time Transport Protocol (SRTP) is implemented using the Codenomicon Test Tool platform. The product can send valid and anomalous data transmissions to the test application over the Internet. This is technique (or testing method) called fuzzing or fuzz testing. Software robustness can be verified and unknown or zero-day vulnerabilities may be found with fuzzing. RTP data is typically audio, video or other streaming content. RTP data (or media stream) is usually transferred and embedded within another protocol. The SRTP Test Suite can utilize other Codenomicon test tools to do media signaling negotiation with the test targets in a way which is secure when it comes to cryptography. Thus, the result of the connection parameters may be used to get connected with a wider variety of test targets and send an SRTP fuzzing data stream to these applications.
"Testing IT provides a complete, off-the-shelf software testing process framework for any testing practitioner who is looking to research, implement, roll out, adopt, and maintain a software testing process. It covers all aspects of testing for software developed or modified in-house, modified or extended legacy systems, and software developed by a third party. Software professionals can customize the framework to match the testing requirements of any organization, and six real-world testing case studies are provided to show how other organizations have done this. Packed with a series of real-world case studies, the book also provides a comprehensive set of downloadable testing document templates, proformas, and checklists to support the process of customizing. This new edition demonstrates the role and use of agile testing best practices and includes a specific agile case study"--Provided by publisher.
Barrier test metrology development for flexible polymer substrate
A comparison study of usability testing methods : laboratory versus field
Cybersecurity : managing systems, conducting testing, and investigating intrusions
Induction of oxidative stress by the herbicides atrazine and isoproturon on cultured fish cells
Comparison of functional test methods between two product families
Leakage and permeability control in dentistry : the key for success
