http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2630 teaching and instruction
teaching and instruction teaching instruction
Reconceptualising agency and childhood : new perspectives in childhood studies
Teaching literature overseas : language-based approaches
How we teach English vocabulary inside the classroom : teacher perspectives and vocabulary from the outside
A teacher's guide to science and the historic environment
Towards active and working life orientated learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
Teaching reading as a thinking process
Second language learning and language teaching
The context of language teaching
Instructor's guide  : - synchronized skating school
Knowing jazz : community, pedagogy, and canon in the information age
New understandings of teacher's work : emotions and educational change
Dialogue with Bakhtin on second and foreign language learning : new perspectives
Educational psychology
Teaching tips : a guidebook for the beginning college teacher
Eight myths of student disengagement : creating classrooms of deep learning
Papers from the 26th Communication Skills Workshop : Identity Explored: Language Centre, Language Professional, Language Teacher, Language Learner
The teaching of rural studies
CLIL/EMILE - the European dimension : actions, trends and foresight potential
Modern dance : techniques and teaching
This volume considers the future of science learning - what is being learned and how it is being learned - in formal and informal contexts for science education. To do this, the book explores major contemporary shifts in the forms of science that could or should be learned in the next 20 years, what forms of learning of that science should occur, and how that learning happens, including from the perspective of learners. In particular, this volume addresses shifts in the forms of science that are researched and taught post-school - emerging sciences, new sciences that are new integrations, "futures science", and increases in the complexity and multidisciplinarity of science, including a multidisciplinarity that embraces ways of knowing beyond science. A central aspect of this in terms of the future of learning science is the urgent need to engage students, including their non-cognitive, affective dimensions, both for an educated citizenry and for a productive response to the ubiquitous concerns about future demand for science-based professionals. Another central issue is the actual impact of ICT on science learning and teaching, including shifts in how students use mobile technology to learn science.
Language practices in primary schools [in Nairobi] : the teachers' perspectives
Methodological advances in research on emotion and education
Priorities in teacher education : the 7 key elements of pre-service preparation
Educational innovation in Kazakhstan : the case of Bolashak Finland
The learning process and programmed instruction
More flexible ways of using concept maps in classrooms : notes for teachers
Comparison of higher education student and teacher perceptions of e-learning
Developing health and social care professionals' competencies by using blened-learning methods
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
Studies of mathematics in teaching of science in Göteborg : paper presented at the Joint ICMI/ICPE/CTS/UNESCO/IDM-conference on 'Cooperation between Science Teachers and Mathematics Teachers', September 17-23, 1978, Institut für Didaktik der Mathematik, Bielefeld, FRG
Student and Teacher Perceptions on Learning Languages through  Web Conferencing : Focus on Adobe Connect Breakout Rooms
The Musical Experience : Rethinking Music Teaching and Learning
Computers in education : legal liabilities and ethical issues concerning their use and misuse
Proceedings of the Seminar on Programmed Learning : the University of Kentucky Twentieth Foreign Language Conference, Lexington, Kentucky, April 29, 1967
Speech activities in the high school : a non-competitive approach
Quality issues in ICT-based higher education
This volume offers comprehensive 'state-of-the-art' overviews of educational policies concerning the teaching of English in a large number of Asian countries. Each contribution is written by a leading expert and gives a clear assessment of current policies and future trends. Starting with a description of the English education policies in the respective countries, the contributors then delve into the 'nuts and bolts' of the English education policies and how they play out in practice in the education system, in schools, in the curriculum, and in teaching. Topics covered include the balance between the acquisition of English and the national language, political, cultural, economic and technical factors that strengthen or weaken the learning of English.
Development of the positional playing skills in different gamesituation roles in ice hockey
In the name of cultural sensitivity : a view on Sami language teaching
Complete guide to sport education
The effect of computer-assisted letter-sound correspondence training on learning to read in Zambia
A language teacher's guide
Teaching and assessing historical understanding
Serbian students' attitudes towards mathematics and mathematical education : Tempus Attitude Survey (TAS) 2013-2014 report
Creative Arts Tanzania : A Development Plan for Art in Tanzania's Music and Creative Arts Sector
Current research on mathematics and science education : proceedings of the XXI Annual Symposium of the Finnish Association of Mathematics and Science Education Research
Essential baby sign language : the most important 75 signs you can teach your baby
New developments in economic education
Viewpoints on geography teaching : the Charney Manor conference papers, 1990
Language teaching in the twentyfirst century : problems and prospects
Teachers in inclusive classrooms in China : their views on systemic challenges and opportunities
Software goes to school : teaching for understanding with new technologies
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
The Future in Learning Science 2015 : what's in it for the learner
Understanding communication theory : a beginner's guide
Mathematics in primary education : learning of mathematics by young children
The nature of EFL conversation in classroom and net-based learning environment
Re-thinking Sámi education
WebALT 2006 Proceedings : first WebALT conference and exhibition : January 5-6, 2006 Technical University of Eindhoven, Netherlands
Lahti UAS ICT Projects 2015
Two offprints on pre-school research
Curricula : proceedings of the teachers' training seminars 1983 and 1984.
Approaches to teaching
Video tutorial making as a business : video tutorials through the lens of photography
Research on preparing inservice teachers to work effectively with emergent bilinguals
Koulutuksen laatupalaute FUAS-ammattikorkeakouluissa = Quality feedback on education at FUAS institutions
Stories lives tell : narrative and dialogue in education
Teaching local history
As teachers around the world deal with the challenges of inclusive education, they must endeavour to find effective ways of enhancing their classroom teaching methods. What Really Works in Special and Inclusive Education presents special educational needs teachers with a range of evidence-based strategies they can immediately put into practice in their classrooms. This unique book will be invaluable to any teacher in the field with neither the time nor the inclination to engage with theory-heavy research, but with a desire to ensure that their teaching strategies are up-to-the-minute and proven to be the most effective best practices. Each of the 26 strategies that this book comprises has a substantial research base, a strong theoretical rationale and clear guidelines on their implementation, as well as cautionary advice where necessary. In this new second edition, David Mitchell, a leading writer in special and inclusive education, continues to break new ground with revised and updated strategies based on evidence from the most recent studies in the field. From the myriad of related research available, only those studies with genuine potential for improving the practices of teachers and schools have been included, with the aim of facilitating practitioners in providing high-quality learning and social outcomes for all. Updates to this new edition include: An even wider international focus, including evidence drawn from the Far East New chapters on Response to Intervention, School-wide strategies, and the Finnish Education System A new companion website, with extra case studies and links to further reading, journal articles and video For anyone with a vocational or academic interest in evidence-based special educational needs teaching strategies – whether student or qualified classroom teacher, teacher trainer, educational psychologist, special needs coordinator, consultant or researcher – this book will be essential reading.
Aspects of learning foreign languages and WITH foreign languages : language immersion and CLIL
The Process of learning
Teaching children music in the elementary school
The Routledge companion to international management education
Teaching languages to adults
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
Reconstructing teaching : standards, performance and accountability
Teaching about evolution and the nature of science
Trade schools, universities, and programs for international students have begun to experiment with Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) as a viable pedagogy for instruction, as the pedagogy of CLIL increasingly gains recognition as a practical form of language and content education in Europe and beyond, and its application in instructional settings becomes more diverse. Corresponding with CLIL's growth, this book focuses on foreign language use during peer interactions in a new CLIL setting. It particularly concentrates on how to conduct research when the focus is on learner interactions. The theoretical background, research methods, and research instruments are explained in a brief and understandable manner. This book is intended for those interested in CLIL and peer interactions and includes a framework and ideas for investigating new CLIL contexts in a practical manner allowing undergraduate and graduate students to conduct their own research in these settings.
Teaching dance skills : a motor learning and development approach
Art education in a postmodern world : collected essays
Comparative education : the construction of a field
The Routledge encyclopedia of research methods in applied linguistics
The complete guide to lesson planning and preparation
Toledo guiding principles on teaching about religions and beliefs in public schools
Design pedagogy : developments in art and design education
Project managing e-learning : a handbook for successful design, delivery and management
Adventure education : an introduction
Countdown to poetry writing : step by step approach to writing techniques for 7-12 years
Current state of research on mathematical beliefs XVIII : proceedings of the MAVI-18 Conference, September 12-15, 2012
Mathematics education and language diversity : the 21st ICMI study
After having been teaching online using Adobe Connect web conferencing system since 2008, it was  time to stop and reflect upon its advantages and disadvantages. The purpose of this research paper is  to study the possibilities and challenges of online language teaching by focusing on the breakout room  feature of the Adobe Connect system. The aim is to investigate how the function supports or  challenges language learning from the students' and the teacher's viewpoint. In addition, the purpose  is to compare to what extent their experiences coincide. In this study the data consists of my own  observations as a language teacher using Adobe Connect breakout rooms. The data on students'  experiences was collected by conducting a survey in the virtual learning environment Optima. The equestionnaire  was replied by 29 students of business and business information systems using the  blended learning method at Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The students were inquired about  how well the breakout function serves language learning purposes in general and on the specific  lesson when the survey was carried out. Moreover, some technical background information was  collected on the hardware and software used. The survey and the teacher's observations indicated  that the breakout function succeeds in supporting the interactive nature of language learning. Most of  the challenges discovered were related to technology
Mentoring in nursing and healthcare : a practical approach
Lean Pedagogy : Using Lean Thinking to Improve Student Results and Optimiza Classroom Costs
Making multimedia in the classroom : a teachers' guide
Japanese in-service teachers' attitudes towards inclusive education and self-efficacy for inclusive practices
Bilingual education : an international sociological perspective
Making music : creative ideas for instrumental teachers
Evidence-based practice in educating deaf and hard-of-hearing students
The IEA study of science. 1, Science education and curricula in twenty-three countries
EFL teachers talking about their use of computers at work : a discourse-analytic study
How much culture is enough? : Inuit teachers' perceptions on the state of Inuit culture in Nunavik classrooms
Some real pictures from the classroom-based research in physics teaching at Göteborg : paper prepared for the Cognitive Development Research Seminar, Science and Mathematics Education ... the University of Leeds, 17-22 September 1979
This volume presents different conceptual and theoretical frameworks as well as research methods that have helped educational researchers to study emotions. It includes innovative approaches that push the methodological boundaries that have served educational researchers until now and proposes new ways of researching emotions in educational contexts. In particular, this edited volume provides a historical frame for studying emotions. It connects theoretical/epistemological views with choice of research methods and describes specific methods helpful in doing research on emotions as they are grounded in different theoretical and disciplinary traditions such as psychology, philosophy, sociology, history, political science, cultural studies, and feminist studies. Finally, it appreciates the contextual and international dimensions of studying emotions in education and contributes to ongoing debates about the implications of our methodological choices for understanding emotion in education. This combination of variety, timeliness, potential for transformation of the field, and uniqueness make this a very valuable resource to introduce new scholars in the field alongside established scholars.
Vocabulary instruction : research to practice
The effect of using computer literate game in the teaching of reading literacy skills in Zambia
Developments in geography teaching
The emergence over the last 10 years of the analytic concept, 'Translanguaging', has had a forceful impact on the field of Applied Linguistics. This book addresses how it has contributed to our understandings of language, bilingualism and education. Ofelia Garcia and Li Wei trace the development of the theory of Translanguaging and consider its relationship with traditional theories and models of language and bilingualism. Based on practices by students and teachers in a variety of educational contexts, this book describes how Translanguaging is used by bilingual learners to learn and by teachers to teach. Ultimately, the book affirms the transformative nature of Translanguaging; it involves the act of languaging between and beyond systems that have previously been described as separate, and in so doing, new meanings emerge and new understandings are generated, transforming not only semiotic systems and speaker subjectivities, but also social structures.
Teaching students to read
First steps in geometry
Modern trends in education
Promotion of learner autonomy in the EFL classroom : the students' view
Theoria et praxis
English teaching in Finnish upper secondary schools : students' and teachers' perceptions
Peer interactions in new content and language integrated settings
Professional Piano Teaching : A Comprehensive Piano Pedagogy Textbook. Volume 2. Intermediate–Advanced Levels
The facilitators' handbook
Journal of environmental education
Music and learner autonomy in the EFL classroom
When writers read
Rethinking engineering education : the CDIO approach
Teaching languages : a way and ways
A choreographer's handbook
An English language club on global education for 6th graders : a teacher's handbook
Teaching all the children to read : concentrated language encounter techniques
Kodály today : a cognitive approach to elementary music education
Everything baby sign language book : get an early start communicating with your baby!
Handbook of design research methods in education : innovations in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics learning and teaching
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
Co-operative learning : the social and intellectual outcomes of learning in groups
Language teaching tomorrow : the journal of higher education language teaching and learning
An excellent introduction to methodology in history which will be read with advantage by historians at any stage of their development. History Can easily be handled by the general reader wanting to know what is happening to history today. British Book News This classic introduction to the study of history invites the reader to stand back and consider some of its most fundamental questions - What is the point of studying history? How do we know about the past? Does an objective historical truth exist and can we ever access it? In answering these central questions, John Tosh argues that, despite the impression of fragmentation created by postmodernism in recent years, history is a coherent discipline which still bears the imprint of its nineteenth-century origins. Consistently clear-sighted, he provides a lively and compelling guide to a complex and sometimes controversial subject, while making his readers vividly aware of just how far our historical knowledge is conditioned by the character of the sources and the methods of the historians who work on them. The fifth edition has been revised and updated throughout, with the addition of new sections on: * Global history * Comparative history * Postcolonialism * Women's and gender history * Oral history and memory Lucid and engaging, this new edition retains all the user-friendly features that have helped to make this book a favourite with both students and lecturers, including marginal glosses, illustrations, suggested further reading and boxed guides to key events and people.
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
Change in the making : strategic and pedagogical aspects of technology integration in language teaching : towards multimodal language learning environments
Sound
Teaching machines and programmed instruction : an introduction
The teaching of science in primary schools
A teacher's guide to maths and the historic environment
Teaching in life sciences : current practices and development : reports from University pedagogy courses at Viikki Campus
Who needs languages? : micro and macro perspectives into language education policies : International Conference & 28th Summer School of Applied Language Studies, June 7-10, 2010, University of Jyväskylä, Finland
Kodály in the First Grade Classroom : Developing the Creative Brain in the 21st Century
This book is a remarkable feat of scholarship - so remarkable in fact that I put it in the same league as the great classics of the field that had so much to do with setting the direction of 'Comparative Education'. Indeed, this volume goes further than earlier classics to reveal, through textual analysis and interviews with key figures, how the epistemological foundations of the field and crucial professional developments combined to, as the title indicates, construct Comparative Education. Manzon's work is indispensable - a word I do not use lightly - for scholars who seek a genuine grasp of the field: how it was formed and by whom, its major theoreticians, its professional foundations, and so on. Clearly too, this book marks the rise of a young star, Maria Manzon, who shows promise of joining the ranks of our field's most illustrious thinkers.
Trumpet lessons with David Hickman : volume IV : technique: articulation and finger dexterity
21st century education : a reference handbook. Volume 1
Skills in history. Book 1, Changes
The art of teaching music
The pursuit of literacy : early reading and writing
Instructional design in the real world : a view from the trenches
Theory and research in teaching
Handbook of research on cross-cultural approaches to language and literacy development
Science in the early years : building firm foundations from birth to five
The Sir Winston method. The five secrets of speaking the language of leadership
Solutions for singers : tools for performers and teachers
Inclusionary practices in a Finnish pre-primary school context
Second Language Learning and Language Teaching provides an introduction to the application of second language acquisition research to language teaching. Assuming no previous background in second language acquisition or language teaching methods, this text starts by introducing readers to the basic issues of second language acquisition research. It then examines how people learn particular aspects of the second language, such as grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation and the writing system, and at the strategies they adopt in their learning and the differences between individuals. Final chapters look at second language learning in a broader context - the goals of language teaching and how teaching methods relate to SLA research. This newly updated fifth edition builds on the comprehensive scope of earlier editions while also addressing more recent developments in the field, particularly multilingual approaches to language teaching.
This book presents chapters by many eminent researchers and interventionists, all of whom address the development of deaf and hard-of-hearing children in the context of family and school. A variety of disciplines and perspectives are provided in order to capture the complexity of factors affecting development of these children in their diverse environments. Consistent with current theory and educational practice, the book focuses most strongly on the interaction of family and child strengths and needs and the role of educational and other interventionists in supporting family and child growth. This work, and the authors represented in it, have been influenced by the seminal work of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans, whose work continues to apply a multidisciplinary, developmental approach to understanding the development of deaf children. The book differs from other collections in the degree to which the chapters share ecological and developmental theoretical bases. A synthesis of information is provided in section introductions and in an afterword provided by Dr. Meadow-Orlans. The book reflects emerging research practice in the field by representing both qualitative and quantitative approaches. e chapters in the book may surprise readers in that they present a more positive view of family and child functioning than has historically been the case in this field. This is consistent with emerging data from deaf and hard of hearing children who have benefitted from early identification and intervention. In addition, it represents an emerging recognition of strengths shown by the children and by their deaf and hearing parents. The book moves from consideration of child and family to a focus on the role and effects of school environments on development. Issues of culture and expectations pervade the chapters in this section of the book, which includes chapters addressing effects of school placement options, positive effects of learning about deaf culture and history, effects of changing educational practice in developing nations, and the need for increased knowledge about ways to meet individual needs of the diverse group of deaf and hard of hearing students. Thus, the book gives the reader a coherent view of current knowledge and issues in research and intervention for deaf and hard of hearing children and their families.
The double perspective : language, literacy, and social relations
Social media in the middle of nowhere : NBE 2011 Conference
Testing English : formative and summative approaches to English assessment
Teaching mathematics and art
Second language demotivation : factors that discourage pupils from learning the English language
Developing the musician : contemporary perspectives on teaching and learning
Language teaching in the new education
Babylonia-Tandem > language paradise? : Praxishilfe zur rezeptiven Mehrsprachigkeit
Literature instruction : a focus on student response
A teacher's guide to using industrial sites
Towards excellence in teaching : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes in the University of Helsinki
Developing the capable practitioner : professional capability through higher education
The Thirteenth Edition of Educational Psychology continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, and assessment. Theory and practice are considered together, showing how information and ideas drawn from educational psychology research can be applied to solve the everyday problems of teaching. The text reflects the field as it offers unique and crucial knowledge to any who dare to teach, and to all who love to learn.
Changing roles of the teacher in inter-institutional networks of schools
This paper highlights findings of a survey conducted with the Kativik School Board, Canada, to gain insight into the perceptions of Inuit teachers concerning how Inuit culture is taught in the classroom. While findings indicate that teachers are integrating Inuit culture to varying degrees, roughly half of respondents suggest that not enough Inuit culture is being taught. Responses additionally suggest that attempts to articulate culture in schools should consider teachers' access to cultural knowledge, the creation of effective learning spaces, and the inclusion of community Elders.
Kitchen - a fascinating classroom : home economics as contextualized content for CLIL class, a material package
The study of families and educators who successfully sustain children's linguistic resources is a novelty in current educational research, where focus has largely been on the development of students' English language skills. In this book, Alison L. Bailey and Anna V. Osipova provide a systematic examination of the beliefs and practices of parents and educators who share the common goal of improving educational and social outcomes for multilingual children. Giving voice to parents and educators, they explore the strategies being devised to foster multilingualism and support its development both at home and in the classroom. This book presents new research findings and combines these with compelling firsthand accounts of the successes and concerns of both families and educators, making its content pertinent to a wide audience of researchers and a range of higher education courses.
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
Translanguaging : language, bilingualism and education
Preparing objectives for programmed instruction
The linguistic special features of the Sami education
Reflective learning in blended process : becoming an adult educator
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Teaching and change
Engaging in mathematics in the classroom : symbols and experiences
Current Trends in Translation Teaching and Learning E
Radiation protection education in the use  of mobile C-arm for the nurses
Building and study of a small scale micro-grid : The use of PV panels as an alternate energy source
Portfolios in the writing classroom : an introduction
Motivational strategies as perceived and implemented by future L2 teachers : a comparison of two groups of Finnish university students
CLIL teachers as materials designers
Currently e-learning is considered an essential part of the everyday learning processes for both teachers and students in higher education. However, the learning results of e-learning are under debate and there is a growing critique on the efficiency and actual results of e-learning. In this paper we present our on-going work for exploring higher education students and teachers recent perceptions of their e-learning experiences, the usage of e-learning technologies and developing the learning process. Two surveys were conducted in order to investigate and compare the perceived advantages, challenges and needs for support among the students and teachers in higher education.  According to the results the perceived advantages of e-learning for both teachers and students were fairly similar. Flexibility in use of time and place were found as the most important benefit of e-learning. Some teachers conceived that e-learning was more activating than traditional learning in terms of increasing presence and participation. However, the results indicate that some of the students were not convinced about the activating advantages of e-learning.   The main challenges in e-learning for both students and teachers dealt with technical issues, (i.e. non-functioning data connections and software) and teacher-student interaction. Both students and teachers also experienced problems in directing the learning situation (e.g. finding/raising motivation, taking possible learning hindrances into account). Teachers also highlighted the students¿ lack of commitment as a challenge in e-learning.  Based on the studies we suggest that in order to ensure the high-quality learning results in e-learning continuous and relevant training and peer support for educators and students are needed. Additionally it is important to enhance the user experience and the content and materials of the courses should be designed carefully. We also suggest that in e-learning the interaction between teachers and peer students should be improved.
Teaching history for the common good
Talk with your kids : conversations about ethics — honesty, friendship, sensitivity, fairness, dedication, individuality — and 103 other things that really matter
Learner-generated drawings in physics education
Stating behavioral objectives for classroom instruction
A guide to teaching practice
Within educational research that seeks to understand the quality and effectiveness of teachers and school, the role emotions play in educational change and school improvement has become a subject of increasing importance. In this book, scholars from around the world explore the connections between teaching, teacher education, teacher emotions, educational change and school leadership. (For this text, "teacher" encompasses pre-service teachers, in-service teachers and headteachers, or principals). New Understandings of Teacher's Work: Emotions and Educational Change is divided into four themes: educational change; teachers and teaching; teacher education; and emotions in leadership. The chapters address the key basic and substantive issues relative to the central emotional themes of the following: teachers' lives and careers in teaching; the role emotions play in teachers' work; lives and leadership roles in the context of educational reform; the working conditions; the context-specific dynamics of reform work; school/teacher cultures; individual biographies that affect teachers' emotional well-being; and the implications for the management and leadership of educational change, and for development, of teacher education.
What really works in special and inclusive education : using evidence-based teaching strategies
Delivering learning on the net : the why, what & how of online education
The nature of teacher discourse during practical work in lower secondary physics education
Children's multilingual development and education : fostering linguistic resources in home and school contexts
In other words : a coursebook on translation
"Yesterday I met the biggest ice cream and drinked the biggest coke of my life" : are there differences in the competence of English grammar between CLIL students and non-CLIL students?
Public education in an integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay?
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
Humour in EFL classrooms : a comparative case study between elementary and secondary school lessons
Consultation on alternative approaches for the education of the deaf : final report
Real science, real decisions : a collection of thinking activities from The Science Teacher
Pupils' mental models of a pulley in balance, and how the models are changed by successive pulley demonstrations
The DIESeLL disseminator : English, Français, Deutsch
Change in the making : pedagogical and strategic challenges of technology integration in the emerging language teaching cultures
A teacher's guide to cognitive tasks for preschool
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
The pedagogical development of an international teacher in the cultural context of Finnish CLIL home economics
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
Yours truly : annual bulletin for the members of  Suomen englanninopettajat ry, Engelsklärarna i Finland rf, The Association of Teachers of English in Finland
History through role play
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
This title considers why summative assessment in English is difficult and explores viewing it as an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. "Testing English" considers why English is such a difficult subject to assess summatively and takes the view that English is an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. Bethan Marshall examines the nature of the subject, the battlegrounds of examinations over the last 100 years and considers some of the solutions that have been put in place to overcome the problem both in the UK and abroad. "Testing English" looks at the way English lends itself to formative assessment in that it actively encourages dialogue with the pupils in the absence of 'right answers'. It explores the complex relationship between formative and summative assessment and considers the relationship in the light of the introduction of Assessing Pupil's Progress (APP). It is an essential reading for postgraduate students and researchers looking at the complexities involved in assessing English.
Personalising education : from research to policy and practice
Perception of Flipped Classrooms by the Teachers of TAMK
Abstract: Finnish Air Force cadets in network : experience in use of online learning environment in basic studies of mathematics.
Directing reading maturity as a cognitive process
Spinning e-pedagogical nets : pedagogical development and experiments in higher education
Keeping you in my (wide) mind
Teaching grammar : form, function and technique
Critical thinking skills for dummies
Adult education and the pursuit of wisdom
Taloni huojuu vielä pahasti : metaphorical expressions used by university students about themselves as learners of English and about their teachers
Interactive Exhibitions : The Use of Interactivity in Educational Exhibitions
How porcupines make love III : readers, texts, cultures in the response-based literature classroom
Game sense : pedagogy for performance, participation and enjoyment
A teacher's guide to design & technology and the historic environment
Crises and scandals in the world of international management have brought a new spotlight onto how the subject is taught, studied and understood. There has been a plethora of literature on international management, but a lack of focus on how international management education (IME) can be shaped to respond to existing and future global business challenges. The Routledge Companion to International Management Education gathers together contributors from academia, industry and university administration involved in IME, to: introduce the domain of IME; describe the emerging state in new geographical areas; discuss the major issues and debates revolving around IME; explore the linkage of technology and international management, and shed light on the future of IME. The diverse background of the contributors provides a global perspective that challenges the dominant Anglo-American view, with up-to-date specific insights originating from their indigenous view points, which has often been neglected and inadequately covered. The volume answers important questions, such as: Do we need a vision in IME? What is the current state of IME? How has IME grown in emerging market segments? What roles does technology play in its recent development? The volume provides thought-provoking reading for educators, administrators, policy makers, human resources professionals and researchers. It will also give future international management students a glimpse of IME from a global inside-out perspective.
Perspectives on practice and meaning in mathematics and science classrooms
Gitarrenmusik : für Anfänger = Guitar music : for beginners = Gitármuzsika : kezdók számára
Facilitators' and students' conceptions of teaching and learning in simulation-based learning environment
Gifted and talented children 4-11 : understanding and supporting their development
Patient simulation on first year nursing degree students
A treatise on the fundamental principles of violin playing
Computers in the schools : a guide for planning
Predictors of Dutch and Finnish children's satisfaction with schooling
The pursuit of history : aims, methods and new directions in the study of modern history
Aspects of modern language teaching in Europe
Geographical education in secondary schools
Sámi education in Finland
In the age of digital music it seems striking that so many of us still want to produce music concretely with our bodies, through the movement of our limbs, lungs and fingers, in contact with those materials and objects which are capable of producing sounds. The huge sales figures of musical instruments in the global market, and the amount of time and effort people of all ages invest in mastering the tools of music, make it clear that playing musical instruments is an important phenomenon in human life. By combining the findings made in music psychology and performative ethnomusicology, Marko Aho shows how playing a musical instrument, and the pleasure musicians get from it, emerges from an intimate dialogue between the personally felt body and the sounding instrument. An introduction to the general aspects of the tactile resources of musical instruments, musical style and the musician is followed by an analysis of the learning process of the regional kantele style of the Perho river valley in Finnish Central Ostrobothnia.
Intercultural competence : a new challenge for language teachers and trainers in Europe. Vol. 1, The secondary school
The teaching of mathematics in secondary schools : comparative study : Afghanistan, Australia, Belgium, Bulgaria, Byelorussia ... : XIXth International Conference on Public Education
Analyzing influences : research on decision making and the music education curriculum
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
Exploring models and modelling in science and technology education : contributions from the MISTRE Group
Content and Language Integrated Learning in practice : comparison of three cases
By regarding children as actors and conducting empirical research on children's agency, Childhood Studies have gained significant influence on a wide range of different academic disciplines. This has made agency one of the key concepts of Childhood Studies, with articles on the subject featured in handbooks and encyclopaedias. Reconceptualising Agency and Childhood is the first collection devoted to the central concept of agency in Childhood Studies. With contributions from experts in the field, the chapters cover theoretical, practical, historical, transnational and institutional dimensions of agency, rekindling discussion and introducing fundamental and contemporary sociological perspectives to the field of research. Particular attention is paid to connecting agency in the social sciences with Childhood Studies, considering both the theoretical foundations and the practice of research into agency. Empirical case studies are also explored, which focus upon child protection, schools and childcare at a variety of institutions worldwide. This book is an essential reference for students and scholars of Childhood Studies, and is also relevant to Sociology, Social Work, Education, Early Childhood Education and Care (ECEC) and Geography.
History through drama : a teacher's guide
"These guidelines were developed by the ODIHR Advisory Council of Experts on Freedom of Religion or Belief in co-operation with education experts. Aimed at both legislators and schools, they offer guidance on preparing curricula for teaching about religions and beliefs, preferred procedures for assuring fairness in the development of curricula, and standards for how they could be implemented."
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Research skills for management studies
Current research on instruction
Pedagogical cases in physical education and youth sport
The consumer in public services : choice, values and difference
Teaching movement & dance : a sequential approach to rhythmic movement
The elements of teaching
Concept and practices of lifelong learning
English language education policy in Asia
The deaf child in the family and at school : essays in honor of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans
When dead tongues speak : teaching beginning Greek and Latin
Ipad in education for dummies
Alpha to omega : the A - Z of teaching reading, writing and spelling
Innovation in geographical education
The IEA study of science. 3, Changes in science education and achievement: 1970 to 1984
Design and technology : key stage two : Scottish levels C-E
Scripted lessons in Papua New Guinea : an investigation into the impact of training on elementary teachers? ability to use them
Mine Your Own Business : Improving English Language Skills for Mining Engineering Education at Lapland UAS
Teacher education and inclusion in Ghana : pre-service teachers' preparedness for creating an inclusive classroom
A research approach into science education at Göteborg : Paper presented at the Joint ICMI/ICPE/CTS/UNESCO/IDM-conference on Cooperation between Science Teachers and Mathematics Teachers', September 17-23, 1978, Institut für Didaktik der Mathematik, Bielefeld, FRG
Advances in multilevel modeling for educational research
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Proceedings of ED-MEDIA 93 - World Conference on Educational Multimedia and Hypermedia, Orlando, Florida, USA, June 23-26, 1993
Between 1990 and 2010, the English language learner (ELL) population in U.S. schools grew by 80 percent. While the highest concentration of English language learners, now more commonly referred to as emergent bilinguals (EBLs) remains in the traditional immigrant destination states of California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, and New Jersey, in all 50 states there are growing numbers of emergent bilinguals. Interest in these learners has encouraged research and publications, but most of this research has centered on the students themselves and the politics surrounding their education. Publications featuring the research of teacher educators preparing teachers to work with EBLs in schools are much needed. Teacher educators must know how to help inservice teachers provide effective instruction to the increasing number of linguistically diverse students in the schools.
Your Move : a New Approach to the Study of Movement and Dance : Teacher's Guide
History at home
Grammar teaching methods in EFL lessons : factors to consider when making instructional decisions
Basic school teachers' attitudes towards inclusive education in Ghana
LUMAT-B : international journal on math, science and technology education
"Media are your windows to the world" : teachers' perspectives on the use of media and ICT in foreign language teaching
The tangible in music : the tactile learning of a musical instrument
This innovative book illustrates ways to put economics in the best context for it to be most effectively taught to and understood by under- and post-graduate students. It provides teachers of economics with various techniques to engage and retain the interest of students, while challenging them to apply knowledge and methodological tools to a range of economic problems. The expert contributors provide fascinating insights and ideas to both improve the quality of teaching economics and deepen students' understanding of economic reasoning and problem solving.
Blackboard for dummies
A comparative analysis on Finnish and Korean high school English textbooks in the perspective of communicative language teaching
Teaching techniques and insights for instrumental music educators
Classroom application of using visual stimuli in teaching and learning dynamics and pitch
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
With rapid technological and cultural advancements, the 21st century has witnessed the wide scale development of transnationalist economies, which has led to the concurrent evolution of language and literacy studies, expanding cross-cultural approaches to literacy and communication. Current language education applies new technologies and multiple modes of text to a diverse range of cultural contexts, enhancing the classroom experience for multi-lingual learners. The Handbook of Research on Cross-Cultural Approaches to Language and Literacy Development provides an authoritative exploration of cross-cultural approaches to language learning through extensive research that illuminates the theoretical frameworks behind multicultural pedagogy and its myriad applications for a globalized society. With its comprehensive coverage of transnational case studies, trends in literacy teaching, and emerging instructive technologies, this handbook is an essential reference source for K-20 educators, administrators in school districts, English as a Second Language (ESL) teachers, and researchers in the field of Second Language Acquisition (SLA). This diverse publication features comprehensive and accessible articles on the latest instructional pedagogies and strategies, current empirical research on cross-cultural language development, and the unique challenges faced by teachers, researchers, and policymakers who promote cross-cultural perspectives.
