http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26389 drug addiction
drug addiction
Addiction and life course
Key concepts in substance misuse
The central problem in the study of addiction is to explain why people repeatedly behave in ways they know are bad for them. For much of the previous century and until the present day, the majority of scientific and medical attempts to solve this problem were couched in terms of involuntary behaviour; if people behave in ways they do not want, then this must be because the behaviour is beyond their control and outside the realm of choice. An opposing tradition, which finds current support among scientists and scholars as well as members of the general public, is that so-called addictive behavior reflects an ordinary choice just like any other and that the concept of addiction is a myth. The editors and authors of this book tend to take neither view. There has been an increasing recognition in recent literature on addiction that restricting possible conceptions of it to either of these extreme positions is unhelpful and is retarding progress on understanding the nature of addiction and what could be done about it.This book contains a range of views from philosophy, neuroscience, psychiatry, psychology and the law on what exactly this middle ground between free choice and no choice consists of and what its implications are for theory, practice and policy on addiction. The result amounts to a profound change in our thinking on addiction and how its devastating consequences can be ameliorated. Addiction and Choice is a thought provoking new volume for all those with an interest in this global issue.
Substance use disorders in adolescence : comorbidity, temporality of onset and socio-demographic background : a study of adolescent psychiatric inpatients in Northern Finland
General report of activities ..
Clinical topics in addiction
Candy
Blinding light
How to quit without feeling s**t
A primer of drug action : a concise, nontechnical guide to the actions, uses, and side effects of psychoactive drugs
Running man : how running saved me from addiction and transformed my life
Making my body a safe place to stay : a psychotherapeutically oriented approach to vibroacoustic therapy in drug rehabilitation
Written in America while Trocchi was working on a scow on the Hudson River, "Cain's Book" is an extraordinary autobiographical account about a junky's life, and an honest, raunchy, eye-opening trip through hell. Probably the most famous novel about drug addiction and the hazards and excitements of an addict's life after "Naked Lunch", this modern classic - which was prosecuted in Britain for obscenity in 1965 - still shocks in its frankness and is sadly relevant to this day.
Neurobiological mechanisms of drugs of abuse : cocaine, ibogaine, and substituted amphetamines
Relapse prevention : maintenance strategies in the treatment of addictive behaviors
Margins of prevention : on older adolescents' positive and negative beliefs about illicit drug use
In a book sure to inspire controversy, Gene Heyman argues that conventional wisdom about addiction - that it is a disease, a compulsion beyond conscious control - is wrong. Drawing on psychiatric epidemiology, addicts' autobiographies, treatment studies, and advances in behavioral economics, Heyman makes a powerful case that addiction is voluntary. He shows that drug use, like all choices, is influenced by preferences and goals. But just as there are successful dieters, there are successful ex-addicts. In fact, addiction is the psychiatric disorder with the highest rate of recovery. But what ends an addiction? At the heart of Heyman's analysis is a startling view of choice and motivation that applies to all choices, not just the choice to use drugs. The conditions that promote quitting a drug addiction include new information, cultural values, and, of course, the costs and benefits of further drug use. Most of us avoid becoming drug dependent, not because we are especially rational, but because we loathe the idea of being an addict. Heyman's analysis of well-established but frequently ignored research leads to unexpected insights into how we make choices - from obesity to McMansionization - all rooted in our deep-seated tendency to consume too much of whatever we like best. As wealth increases and technology advances, the dilemma posed by addictive drugs spreads to new products. However, this remarkable and radical book points to a solution. If drug addicts typically beat addiction, then non-addicts can learn to control their natural tendency to take too much.
Drug abuse in adults - supporting the physical functional capacity.
Flashback
Addictions and problem drug use : issues in behaviour, policy and practice
Living with drugs
The mammoth book of sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll
Tokyo ghost. Volume two, Come join us
Practical skills and clinical management of alcoholism & drug addiction
Annual report on the state of the drugs problem in the European Union
Women and substance use
Role of brain dopamine in psychomotor stimulation induced by morphine and cocaine in alcohol-preferring and alcohol-avoiding rats
Hellfire : a novel
Pleasure : how our brains make junk food, exercise, marijuana, generosity, and gambling feel so good
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
Delicious foods : a novel
Junky : the definitive text of 'Junk'
Cain's book
Beautiful boy : a father's journey through his son's meth addiction
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
Why stop now
Addiction and choice : rethinking the relationship
Report on the drug situation in the candidate CEEs ; European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction
A house of knives
Drugstore cowboy
Parenting and substance abuse : developmental approaches to intervention
Stages and pathways of drug involvement : examining the Gateway Hypothesis
Wishful drinking
Healing the addicted brain : the revolutionary, science-based alcoholism and addiction recovery program
Shooting up : a history of dugs and war
GDNF/RET signalling in regulation of brain dopaminergic systems : significance for drug addiction
Alice Cooper, golf monster : how a wild rock 'n' roll life led to a serious golf addiction
Born to be blue
In a small New England town over half a century ago, a boy is playing with his new toy soldiers in the dirt in front of his house when a shadow falls over him. He looks up to see a striking man, the new minister, Jamie learns later, who with his beautiful wife, will transform the church and the town. The men and boys are a bit in love with Mrs. Jacobs; the women and girls, with the Reverend Jacobs - including Jamie's sisters and mother. Then tragedy strikes, and this charismatic preacher curses God, and is banished from the shocked town. Jamie has demons of his own. Wed to his guitar from age 13, he plays in bands across the country, running from his own family tragedies, losing one job after another when his addictions get the better of him. Decades later, sober and living a decent life, he and Reverend Charles Jacobs meet again in a pact beyond even the Devil's devising, and the many terrifying meanings of Revival are revealed
Drug-induced synaptic plasticity in addiction : the mesolimbic dopamine pathway and benzodiazepines
Legal highs : inside secrets of the world's newest and deadliest drugs
Theory of addiction
Prescriptions in telepsychiatry
Urban districts and drug scenes : a comparative study on nuisance caused by 'open' drug scenes in major European cities
Addiction : a disorder of choice
Evaluating drug prevention in the European Union : papers arising from the First European Conference on the Evaluation of Drug Prevention held in Lisbon, Portugal, 12-14 March 1997
Euro-Ibero American Seminar : Cooperation on Drugs and Drug Addiction Policies : conference proceedings
The biology of desire : why addiction is not a disease
Reconsidering medication-assisted drug  treatment
Addictions
The Social psychology of drug abuse
Addiction and self-control : perspectives from philosophy, psychology, and neuroscience
Addiction trajectories
Thirty-fifth report
A history of drugs : drugs and freedom in the liberal age
A list of things that didn't kill me
The biological basis of cocaine addiction
Lunch with Lenin and other stories
Geography and drug addiction
Determinants of individual vulnerability to heroin addiction : a psychosocial study
After a decade-long addiction to crack cocaine and alcohol, Charlie Engle hit rock bottom after a near-fatal six-day binge ended in a hail of bullets. Then he found running, and it has helped keep him sober, focused and alive. He began to take on the most extreme endurance races, such as the 155-mile Gobi March, and developed a reputation as an inspirational speaker. However, after he made the documentary Running the Sahara, narrated by Matt Damon, which followed him on a 4500-mile crossing of the desert and helped raise $6 million, he was sent to prison after failing to complete his mortgage application properly. It was while he was in jail that he became known as 'The Running Man' as he pounded the prison yard, and soon his fellow inmates were joining him, finding new hope through running. Now, in his brilliantly written and powerful account, Engle tells the story of his life and how running has brought him so much pleasure and peace. Like such classics as Born to Runor Running with the Kenyans, this is a book that anyone who has ever found solace in the freedom of running will enjoy.
Drugs 2.0 : the web revolution that's changing how the world gets high
Evaluation: a key tool for improving drug prevention : papers from the second European conference on the evaluation of drug prevention, 'Evaluation: a key tool for improving drug prevention', held in Strasbourg, France, from 2 to 4 December 1999
Substance use disorders in adolescence: comorbidity, temporality of onset and socio-demographic background:
a study of adolescent psychiatric inpatients in Northern Finland
Point of no return : Dope Sick Love and Reindeerspotting as documentaries of addiction
Elizabeth Ettorre offers a clear account of women and substance use in a field which has been resistant to a woman-oriented perspective. The authors of most "addiction studies" view women as stigmatized and marginalized. Ettorre strongly counters this perspective. She focuses specifically on women's use of alcohol, prescribed drugs (specifically minor tranquilizers), heroin, tobacco, and food. Using the term "substance use" rather than "abuse" throughout the text, she directly challenges ideas regarding women in the field of addiction. More significantly. Ettorre deliberately puts forward a feminist perspective rooted in the identity and consciousness of women substance users. In order to expose the major misconception held by both clinicians and researchers in the field - that women substance abusers are a homogeneous group - Ettorre provides separate analyses of the different substances used and abused by women. She emphasizes the types of feminist strategies to use which will mobilize women in the substance abuse field. These strategies, she argues, must become increasingly visible if changes are to occur. Women need to build an alternative creative response which challenges the pervasive dogmatism in the substance abuse field. Ettorre's book will generate interest in an avowedly collective, feminist approach.
Trainspotting & Headstate
Drink, drugs and dependence : from science to clinical practice
Guidelines for collecting data on retail drug prices in Europe : issues and challenges
Guts: the endless follies and tiny triumphs of a giant disaster
Report on the drug situation in the candidate CEECs : 2002
The year of our war
Inventing the addict : drugs, race, and sexuality in nineteenth-century British and American literature
The therapeutic community : theory, model, and method
Guidelines for the evaluation of drug prevention : a manual for programme-planners and evaluators
Requiem for a dream
High price : a neuroscientist's journey of self-discovery that challenges everything you know about drugs and society
Empire and dissent : the United States and Latin America
Introduction to chemical dependency counseling
Who says I'm an addict? : a book for anyone who is partial to food, sex, booze or drugs
Annual report 2003 : the state of the drugs problem in the acceding and candidate countries to the European Union
Drugs in American society
Glutamatergic modulation of cue-induced drug-seeking behavior in the rat
Contingency management for substance abuse treatment : a guide to implementing this evidence-based practice
Narcisa : our lady of ashes : a novel
In the realm of hungry ghosts : close encounters with addiction
Early motherhood at risk : mothers with substance depency
