http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26393 music technology
music technology
Using technology to unlock musical creativity
Dirty little secrets of the record business : why so much music you hear sucks
Acoustics and psychoacoustics
The music industry is going through a period of immense change brought about in part by the digital revolution. What is the role of music in the age of computers and the Internet? How has the music industry been transformed by the economic and technological upheavals of recent years, and how is it likely to change in the future? This thoroughly revised and updated new edition provides an international overview of the music industry and its future prospects in the world of global entertainment. Patrik Wikström illuminates the workings of the music industry, and captures the dynamics at work in the production of musical culture between the transnational media conglomerates, the independent music companies and the public. New to this second edition are expanded sections on the structure of the music industry, online business models and the links between social media and music. Engaging and comprehensive, The Music Industry will be a must-read for students and scholars of media and communication studies, cultural studies, popular music, sociology and economics.
How music works
Rock formation : popular music and the technology of sound recording
The Cambridge history of world music
Interactive performance systems : experimenting with human musical interaction
Music, technology and education : critical perspectives
The new soundtrack. Volume 4, issue 2, 2014, [Perspectives on sound design]
Capturing sound : how technology has changed music
The studio business book : a guide to professional recording studio business and management
Teaching music with technology
Music technology
Illustrated compendium of musical technology
Modern live sound : a hands-on, step-by-step guide to mixing for today's sound systems
The Studio Musician's jargonbuster : Glossary of music technology and recording
The composer's handbook. 2
Composing for moving pictures : the essential guide
The music industry, as with most other media forms, is in the middle of a period of enormous transformation. Digital technologies have empowered producers and consumers of music - traditional ways of making and distributing music are under threat as musicians and their audiences embrace new opportunities, many of which bypass the incumbent middlemen. Whilst it is clear that the music industry is thriving, the traditional recording industry, dominated by a handful of multinational corporations is struggling to stay relevant. The changes are so dramatic that the term "Music 2.0" has become commonly used to delineate old and new business models and approaches. But the demise of the traditional music industry is overstating things - the reality is that (whilst their profits may be diminishing) they still dominate a multi-billion dollar marketplace and exercise unprecedented control over the star-making process. And, of course, they have the resources to be able to reinvent themselves. The actual future of music is a complex and contested one. This book aims to unpack that complexity, map the changes and explain the causes and motivations surrounding an industry undergoing change. It explores the world of popular music from three distinct perspectives. Firstly, it examines the new opportunities available to consumers of music - interrogating how the lines between production and consumption are blurring, creating fans who do much more than just listen to music. Secondly, it draws on interviews with a diverse range of musicians explaining their place in the brave new world and trying to articulate their newly defined roles. Finally, it examines the industry itself, and unpack the responses to current challenges from new and old players alike.
Musicians and computers
Music learning today : digital pedagogy for creating, performing, and responding to music
Making music for games
Embodied music cognition and mediation technology
Mixing for computer musicians
Alan Parsons' art & science of sound recording : the book
The Routledge companion to music, technology, and education
European perspectives on music education. 1, New media in the classroom
Music technology workbook : key concepts and practical projects
Technology integration in the elementary music classroom
The recording engineer's handbook
The speed of sound : breaking the barrier between music and technology
Teaching music through composition : a curriculum using technology
The history of music production
Live sound reinforcement : a comprehensive guide to p.a. and music reinforcement systems and technology
Beyond 2.0 : the future of music
The use of technology in music and education can no longer be described as a recent development. Music learners actively engage with technology in their music making, regardless of the opportunities afforded to them in formal settings. This volume draws together critical perspectives in three overarching areas in which technology is used to support music education: music production; game technology; musical creation, experience and understanding. The fourteen chapters reflect the emerging field of the study of technology in music from a pedagogical perspective. Contributions come not only from music pedagogues but also from musicologists, composers and performers working at the forefront of the domain. The authors examine pedagogical practice in the recording studio, how game technology relates to musical creation and expression, the use of technology to create and assess musical compositions, and how technology can foster learning within the field of Special Educational Needs (SEN). In addition, the use of technology in musical performance is examined, with a particular focus on the current trends and the ways it might be reshaped for use within performance practice.
The music industry : music in the cloud
Sound unbound : sampling digital music and culture
Design process of AirLoop-pedal : experimenting with standard guitar pedals
The Oxford handbook of music education. Volume 2
The sound reinforcement handbook
Playback : from the Victrola to MP3, 100 years of music, machines, and money
This study investigates the idea and practice of liveness in modern music. Understanding what makes music live in an ever-changing musical and technological terrain is one of the more complex and timely challenges facing scholars of current music, where liveness is typically understood to represent performance and to stand in opposition to recording, amplification, and other methods of electronically mediating music. The book argues that liveness itself emerges from dynamic tensions inherent in mediated musical contexts - tensions between music as an acoustic human utterance, and musical sound as something produced or altered by machines. Sanden analyzes liveness in mediatized music (music for which electronic mediation plays an intrinsically defining role), exploring the role this concept plays in defining musical meaning. In discussions of music from both popular and classical traditions, Sanden demonstrates how liveness is performed by acts of human expression in productive tension with the electronic machines involved in making this music, whether on stage or on recording. Liveness is not a fixed ontological state that exists in the absence of electronic mediation, but rather a dynamically performed assertion of human presence within a technological network of communication. This book provides new insights into how the ideas of performance and liveness continue to permeate the perception and reception of even highly mediatized music within a society so deeply invested, on every level, with the use of electronic technologies.
Complete audio mastering : practical techniques
Information retrieval for music and motion
The drum programming handbook : the complete guide to creating great rhythm tracks
Avid Pro Tools basics
Consuming music together : social and collaborative aspects of music consumption technologies
Music theory for computer musicians
Special issue : perspectives on the arts and technology
The sound on sound book of recording & production techniques : for the recording musician
Practical recording : 5 : surround sound
Art and technology
Technology strategies for music education
Max/MSP/Jitter for music : a practical guide to developing interactive music systems for education and more
Hip-hop DJs and the evolution of technology : cultural exchange, innovation, and democratization
Composers and the computer
The Oxford handbook of music education. Volume 1
"There is a rapidly emerging and developing area of music therapy practice that uses electronic music technologies in a range of therapeutic and clinical settings to help clients with complex needs. This edited volume explains cutting edge technologies and how to apply these tools in practice. With contributions from leading experts in the field, the book takes the reader through the equipment that is available including computer-based software; electronic devices which produce musical sounds with minimal movement or skill; assistive devices such as switches and sensors; and recording and listening equipment. Clinical case studies are then offered that show these technologies being used successfully with a broad range of child and adult populations, including those with visual impairments, autism spectrum disorders, medical needs, physical challenges, and mental health issues, and within a variety of settings, including a neonatal intensive care unit, schools, hospital environments, and palliative care settings. The final section looks toward the future and examines philosophical and theoretical perspectives on the use of technology and its relationship to aesthetics, gender and identity. This book will be a key resource for all music therapists, special needs educators, and professionals from the field of assistive technology, as well as allied health professionals such as occupational therapists and speech and language therapists." -- Publisher's description.
This book illustrates how interactive music can be used for valorizing cultural heritage, content and archives not currently distributed due to lack of safety, suitable coding, or conversion technologies. It explains new methods of promoting music for entertainment, teaching, commercial and non-commercial purposes, and provides new services for those connected via PCs, mobile devices, whether sighted or print-impaired.
Infinite music : imagining the next millennium of human music-making
Material culture and electronic sound
Home recording studio : build it like the pros
Music technology and education : amplifying musicality
Sound ideas : music, machines, and experience
Piano & keyboard all-in-one for dummies
The impact of technology in music
It has never been easier or more fun for students to compose, improvise, arrange, and produce music and music-related projects than with today's technology. Written in a practical, accessible manner, Using technology to unlock musical creativity offers both a framework for and practical tips on the technology tools best suited for encouraging students' authentic musical creativity.
Keyboard for dummies [Nuottijulkaisu]
Music production : recording : a guide for producers, engineers and musicians
The Cambridge companion to electronic music
Sound FX : unlocking the creative potential of recording studio effects
Macworld music and & sound bible
The use of ICT and music technology in Finnish music education
The 9th International Conference of Students of Systematic Musicology (SysMus16), Jyväskylän yliopisto, June 8-10 2016 : programme, abstracts & proceedings
The invisible art of film music : a comprehensive history
Sound synthesis and sampling
Liveness in modern music : musicians, technology, and the perception of performance
Science and music : the impact of music : Leopoldina Symposium, Halle (Saale), May 13 to 15, 2004
Technology in today's music classroom : active music making with tablets, projectors, computers and interactive whiteboards
Synthesizing : a blue ocean
Computational thinking in sound : teaching the art and science of music and technology
Interactive multimedia music technologies
Music education with digital technology
Power tools for Cubase 7 : master Steinberg's powerful multi-platform audio production software
Music technology in therapeutic and health settings
Theory and practice of technology-based music instruction
Experiencing music technology : software, data and hardware
The Cambridge companion to recorded music
The Oxford handbook of computer music
Modern recording techniques
Companion to contemporary musical thought. Volume 1
Keyboard for dummies
This book provides an introduction to a programming language that can be used to write custom software for musical interaction. Through step-by-step instructions illustrated with numerous examples of working systems, the book discusses ways to interact with software beyond the mouse and keyboard through use of camera tracking, pitch tracking, video game controllers, sensors, mobile devices, and more.
PC music : the easy guide
This handbook provides a cross-section of the most field-defining topics and debates in the field of computer music today. From music cognition to pedagogy, it situates computer music in the broad context of its creation and performance across the full range of issues that crop up in discourse in the field.
Absolute music, mechanical reproduction
Music technology reference book
Technology has revolutionised contemporary society, particularly in the field of music production and consumption. Powerful and flexible computer-centred composing and recording methods continue to evolve, whilst the ways in which we access and listen to music through streaming libraries, digital downloads and iPods have completely changed our engagement with, and perception of, the medium of music. Although music educators in some countries have been cautious in their responses to these innovations, it is now clear that new media have had a significant influence upon music learning and teaching in schools and colleges. European Perspectives on Music Education, Volume 1, presents teachers, students, researchers, and all those who are interested in music education with an overview of the position and role of new media in music education in Europe. Contributions from Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, England, Finland, Germany, Italy, Lithuania, Norway, Poland, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and The Netherlands offer contemporary national perspectives on music teaching in schools.
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
The digital musician
