http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2635 natural geography
natural geography
Scientific principles for physical geographers
Trends in geography : an introductory survey
Human geography
Mapping aboveground biomass of trees outside forests in the Taita Hills, Kenya, using airborne laser scanning and individual tree detection
Face of North America : the natural history of a continent
The dictionary of physical geography
Physical geography
Fundamentals of geomorphology
Africa
Local and regional scale determinants of biodiversity patterns in boreal agricultural landscapes
Monitoring indigenous tropical montane forest in the Taita Hills using airborne digital cammera imagery
A regional geography of the United States and Canada : toward a sustainable future
Basic geography
Physical geography : a shared future with human geography?
Exercises in physical geography
Fundamentals of soil science and soil geography
Kenya, a natural outlook : geo-environmental resources and hazards
The physical geography of Africa
Late Svecofennian leucogranites of southern Finland : chronicles of an orogenic collapse
The interrelationship between tourism and the environment in the Caribbean
Mediterranean ecogeography
Wastewater treatment wetlands in Estonia: efficiency and landscape analysis
The geomorphology of Güímar Valley
Enhancing local livelihoods in Taita Hills, Kenya : indigenous tree species as part of farmers' livelihoods and environmental rehabilitation
Asia : a natural history
Modelling ecological values in heterogenous and dynamic landscapes with geospatial data
Physical elements of geography
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Land cover change in the Taita Hills, Kenya, applying multitemporal satellite images
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Upland Britain : a natural history
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
The encyclopedia of Malaysia. Plants
Paleobotanical and lithological changes in two lakes in Thailand : implications for hydrological changes and landscape management
The Penguin dictionary of physical geography
Evolutionary biogeography : an integrative approach with case studies
Trichoptera in Finnish biogeographical provinces
Changing the nature of physical geography
Application of magnetic biomonitoring in air pollution research : spatio-temporal properties of magnetic particle matter
The Earth and its story
Landscape and memory
The Usborne encyclopedia of planet earth
Geosystems : an introduction to physical geography
Fluvial processes and their future magnitudes : combined field observation and simulation approaches
The ecology and morphology of the coral genus Agaricia on the reefs of Curacao
Permafrost : a guide to frozen ground in transition
Reprint from the Dept. of Physical Geography
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
Interpretation of windflow characteristics from eolian landforms
Australia : a timeless grandeur
Tibet : a land of ancient dreams and modern realities
Principles of physical geography
The children's atlas of natural wonders
Environmental systems : an introductory text
Science, philosophy and physical geography
Regional geography of the United states and Canada
Local and micro climatological studies with emphasis on temperature variations and road slipperiness
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Discovering physical geography
Rugged landscape : the geology of central New Zealand including Wellington, Wairarapa, Manawatu and the Marlborough Sounds
Urban climate in relation to land use, planning and comfort
Patterned ground in the Kilpisjärvi district, Northwestern Finnish Lapland - with an approach to a division of the periglacial morphology of Northern Finland
Rural food system change in Tanzania during the Post-Ujamaa era : a case study from Western Bagamoyo district
Active sulphide mine tailings impoundments as sources of contaminated drainage : controlling factors, methods of characterisation and geochemical constraints for mitigation
Physical geography : a human perspective
"Arbogast's Discovering Physical Geography, 3rd Edition provides a comprehensive suite of animations, simulations, and interactivities that help readers comprehend important Earth processes and provide an easy-to-use solution to course needs. The Third Edition continues to place great emphasis on how relevant physically geography is to each reader's life. With an enhanced focus on the interconnections between humans and their environment, this text includes increased coverage of population growth and its impact on the environment. Updated case studies are included, as well as new sections dealing with human interactions with solar energy, wind power, soils, and petroleum. This text is welcoming, taking readers on a tour of "discovery", and delivers content that is sound and based on the most current scientific research"--
Natural geography
Basics of environmental science
Simulated and observed change of precipitation and temperature in Europe with focus on the Greater Baltic Area
The physical geography of China. 1
Observations on environmental change in South Africa
Rivers
Distribution, morphology and structure of sea ice pressure ridges in the Baltic Sea
Planet earth : its physical systems through geologic time
Detection of Glacier Facies and Parameters Using Aerial False Colour Digital Camera Data
A natural history of Ireland
The isolation of Kruunuvuorenlampi, southern Finland, and implications for Holocene shore displacement models of the Finnish south coast
Visualizing physical geography
The physical geography of China. 2
Introducing physical geography
Agro-climatic atlas of Europe
Earth science : a holistic approach
Soils of the world II : soil geography
The European Union and assembling biofuel development : topological investigations concerning the associations between law, policy and space
The age of planetary space : on Heidegger, being, and metaphysics of globalization
Earth science and the natural heritage: : interactions and integrated management
Physical geography of Asiatic Russia
Fundamentals of physical geography
Australia and the Pacific Islands : a natural history
Lanslide suspectibilty mapping of Tagaytay City and vicinity, Philippines, using semi-quantitative and quantitative GIS methodologies
Earth science
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Man's physical world
Evolving polycentricities : the development of urban spatial structure in Finnish urban regions
Studies on tropical palaeo-variation in Climate and Cosmic Ray Influx : geochemical data from stalagmites collected in Tanzania and northern south Africa
Introduction to physical geography
An introduction to physical geography and the environment
Multimedia discovery series
Geomorphology of desert environments
A treatise on limnology. Vol. 1, Geography, physics, and chemistry
Drilled well yield and hydraulic properties in the Precambrian crystalline bedrock of Central Finland
The physical geography of North America
Physical aspects of natural catastrophes
Physical geography in diagrams
The physical geography of Southeast Asia
Approaches, methods and technologies for EIA
The earth sciences
Estimation of areal precipitation for hydrological modelling in Sweden
Islands
Land-Ocean Systems in the Siberian Arctic : Dynamics and History
Fluvio-morphological processes of meander bends : combining conventional field measurements, close-range remote sensing and computational modelling
Community inhabitants' values and benefits in dynamic tropical forest landscapes : participation and spatial analysis in landscape knowledge integration
Dictionary of the earth
Geochemistry and petrology of the ferropicrite dikes and associated rocks of Vestfjella, western Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
Natural and human environment of Poland : a geographical overview
The God delusion
Paleomagnetism : magnetic domains to geologic terranes
The sage handbook of biogeography
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
A short history of nearly everything
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Remote sensing for three-dimensional modelling of hydromorphology
Physical geography : a systems approach
Walking the world's natural wonders / [34 walking routes]
Journey to Mauritius
Biogeography and vegetation zones
Regional development zones in spatial development in Finland : governing spatial development through new territorial frames
Analysing habitat pattern and location of semi-natural grasslands using Landsat TM images and GIS : a case study in an agricultural landscape in SW Finland
