http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2637 transport equipment
transport equipment transportation equipment
The ultimate book of cross-sections
The expressmen
New security measures for our customers in the Baltic Traffic
Richard Scarry's trucks
Energy, transport, & the environment : addressing the sustainable mobility paradigm
Strategic sea lift capacity in the common European security and defence policy
Opportunities for cost reductions by the use of intermodal transports : intermodal production as an alternative for pure road production
Green logistics : improving the environmental sustainability of logistics
Transport and tourism
Techvilla news
Cost-efficiency of intermodal container supply chain for forest chips
A survey of the combined carrier fleet and its trade
Repeat order for car carrier shipsets
Richard Scarry's hop aboard! Here we go!
Commercial road vehicles
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
This final thesis solves the challenges and problems of the transportation process with special needs. The experience is ammonium sulphate transportation process by Kuljetusliike Kalevi Huhtala Oy. The process needs modified transportation equipment. I approached this problem by my own experience of the process. I also interviewed Kalevi and Kati Huhtala. The ammonium sulphates special needs in transportation process can be seen from the safety data sheet.  All the results could not be seen in the beginning of the process. Some of the problems came up later, when the situation was optimal. The problems differ between transportation processes. It is important to find out the problems soon after the problem existence. The quicker the reaction for the problem is, smaller damages to the process are caused.
Motion planning of a walking platform designed to locomote on natural terrain
Getting there together : 150 years of VR
Finnish Railway Statistics
Challenges in transportation process with special needs : case: Kuljetusliike Kalevi Huhtala Oy
Jeep goes to war
In a global economy, no nation is self-sufficient. Few nations would be able to maintain their current or even adequate standard of living without international trade. The growing world trade has had a drastic effect on road transportation.  Road transportation has been growing steadily every year and along with it production costs have increased. Therefore demand for alternative transportation methods has risen. This bachelor  ́s thesis researches intermodal transportation as a cost-effective alternative for road transportation. Intermodal transportation is seen as a growing field in the land transportation industry. Traditionally, intermodal transportation has been seen as a complex and slow alternative. To challenge this argument, the study also focuses on the production capabilities of intermodal transportation. In the industry lowered production costs have always been the key factor, however environmentally sound transportation methods are becoming a trend and intermodal transportation is seen as the solution. The focus of this thesis is on a specific intermodal trade lane of Schenker AG, one of the leading logistics companies in the world. Schenker already has road transportation business in the trade lane running from Central Europe to Northern Spain, thus the current road volumes in the trade lane are known. This research presents how much the gross profit margin would increase in the trade lane  and what kind of savings would be made with the use of intermodal transportation. Results show that intermodal transportation is a viable alternative for pure road transportation. It is not only a more cost-effective way of producing, but also allegations of slow production times are denied.
Reallocating local transport bus fleet for competitive tendering contracts : case: Koiviston Auto Corporation
