http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26375 library history
library history
Books and libraries in the Baltic Sea Region from the 16th to the 18th century = Bücher und Bibliotheken im Ostseeraum vom 16. bis zum 18. Jahrhundert
Journal of Roman studies
The historical register : an impartial relation of all transactions, both civil and military, foreign and domestic with a chronological diary
The Library of Alexandria : centre of learning in the ancient world
Biblioteca apostolica vaticana : libri e luoghi all'inizio del terzo millennio = Vatican library : books and places at the beginning of the third millennium
Library : an unquiet history
The history of the library in Western civilization. 6, The index and bibliography
Finnish public libraries in the 20th century
National library of Russia
The Anglo-Saxon library
History of books and the imperial libraries of Iran
London magazine, or, Gentlemans monthly intelligencer
Educating the profession : 40 years of the IFLA Section on Education and Training
Marsh's library - a mirror on the world : law, learning and libraries, 1650-1750
International who's who
"...The written word is the most patient missionary ..." : Catholic literature and Catholic public libraries in Denmark from the Reformation to Vatican II, 1536-1962
Leuven in books, books in Leuven : the oldest university of the Low Countries and its Library
How to build a digital library
History division paper
The story of libraries : from the invention of writing to the computer age
Literacy skills as local intangible capital : the history of a rural lending library c. 1860 - 1920
"This fascinating tale of the rise and fall of mini-computer-based integrated library systems (ILS) offers both an explanation of the technical workings--still being used daily--and a historical investigation"--Provided by publisher.
Public libraries in Great Britain before 1850.
Biblioteka našeg doba : članci, studije, intervjui = Library of our age : articles, studies and interviews
The library beyond the book
The library : an illustrated history
Summary in English (s. 257-268).
International dictionary of library histories
The history of the University Library at Turku. I, 1640-1722
Restoring order : the Ecole des chartes and the organization of archives and libraries in France, 1820-1870
Smith College studies in history
The reach of print : making, selling and using books
Libraries and founders of libraries
The order of books : readers, authors, and libraries in Europe between the fourteenth and eighteenth centuries
Library of the dead
National libraries of the world : their history, administration and public services
In Jennifer Summit's account, libraries are more than inert storehouses of written tradition, they are volatile spaces that actively shaped the meanings and uses of books, reading and the past. Considering the period between 1431 and 1631, she revises the history of the modern library by focusing on its origins in medieval England.
The circulation of books was the motor of classical civilization. But books were both expensive and rare, and so libraries - private and public, royal and civic - played key roles in articulating intellectual life. This collection, written by an international team of scholars, presents a fundamental reassessment of how ancient libraries came into being, how they were organized, and how they were used. Drawing on papyrology and archaeology, and on accounts written by those who read and wrote in them, it presents new research on reading cultures, on book collecting, and on the origins of monumental library buildings. Many of the traditional stories told about ancient libraries are challenged. Few were really enormous, none were designed as research centres, and occasional conflagrations do not explain the loss of most ancient texts. But the central place of libraries in Greco-Roman culture emerges more clearly than ever.
The history of the library in Western civilization. Vol. 1, From Minos to Cleopatra
What happened to the ancient Library of Alexandria?
The history of the library in Western civilization. 3, From Constantine the Great to Cardinal Bessarion : imperial, monastic, school and private libraries in the byzantine world
Gatekeepers of knowledge : a consideration of the library, the book and the scholar in the Western world
Subject collections in European libraries : a directory and bibliographical guide = Spécialités des bibliothèques européennes : guide par matière et répertoire bibliographique = Sondersammlungen europäischer Bibliotheken : Sachführer und bibliographisches Verzeichnis
History of libraries in the western world
The community library: a chapter in English social history
The library as place : history, community, and culture
Russian libraries in transition : an anthology of Glasnost literature
A history of the British Museum library, 1753-1973
Benjamin Franklin and eighteenth-century American libraries
Summary: Levas Vladimirovas on book and libraries.
Penny rate : aspects of British public library history 1850-1950
Form and meaning in the history of the book : selected essays
"Despite dire predictions in the late twentieth century that public libraries would not survive the turn of the millennium, their numbers have only increased. Two of three Americans frequent a public library at least once a year, and nearly that many are registered borrowers. Although library authorities have argued that the public library functions primarily as a civic institution necessary for maintaining democracy, generations of library patrons tell a different story. In Part of Our Lives, Wayne A. Wiegand delves into the heart of why Americans love their libraries. The book traces the history of the public library, featuring records and testimonies from as early as 1850. Rather than analyzing the words of library founders and managers, Wiegand listens to the voices of everyday patrons who cherished libraries. Drawing on newspaper articles, memoirs, and biographies, Part of Our Lives paints a clear and engaging picture of Americans who value libraries not only as civic institutions, but also as social spaces for promoting and maintaining community. Whether as a public space, a place for accessing information, or a home for reading material that helps patrons make sense of the world around them, the public library has a rich history of meaning for millions of Americans. From colonial times through the recent technological revolution, libraries have continuously adapted to better serve the needs of their communities. Wiegand goes on to demonstrate that, although cultural authorities (including some librarians) have often disparaged reading books considered not "serious" the commonplace reading materials users obtained from public libraries have had a transformative effect for many, including people like Ronald Reagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Oprah Winfrey. A bold challenge to conventional thinking about the American public library, Part of Our Lives is an insightful look into one of America's most beloved cultural institutions"--
Portals to the past and to the future : libraries in Germany
The National Library of Uganda : its inception, challenges and prospects, 1997-2007
Throughout its history, the western library has played a significant role in bringing the book into the hands of western scholars. This title analyses that history: examining constructs of librarianship, publishing, and scholarship within that history as gate keeping access to knowledge.
Documenting the early modern book world : inventories and catalogues in manuscript and print
Great Britain. House of commons. Journal
Libraries and society in Shanghai 1840-1949
Exploring the Bancroft Library : the centennial guide to its extraordinary history, spectacular special collections, research pleasures, its amazing future & how it all works
Literacy Skills as Local Intangible Capital : The History of a Rural Lending Library c. 1860–1920
Parents of invention : the development of library automation systems in the late 20th century
Part of our lives : a people's history of the American public library
Trinity College Library Dublin : a history
The 20th-century libraries in the Baltic Sea region
Library world records
The memory of mankind : the story of libraries since the dawn of history
Moscow weekly news
Good book, good library, good reading : studies in the history of the book, libraries and reading from the network Hibolire and its friends
The history of the library in Western civilization. 5, The renaissance : from Petrarch to Michelangelo
The history and cultural heritage of Chinese calligraphy, printing and library work
Historical dictionary of librarianship
Nicodemus Tessin the Younger : sources, works, collections : catalogue des livres, estampes et desseins du cabinet des beaux arts, et des sciences appartenant du Baron Tessin, Stockholm 1712
Education and learning in the Netherlands, 1400-1600 : essays in honour of Hilde de Ridder-Symoens
Kyujanggak and the cultural history of books
Libraries through the ages
Libricide : the regime-sponsored destruction of books and libraries in the twentieth century
Books on fire : the destruction of libraries throughout history
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
The library at night
Encyclopedia of library history
Library history
Great Britain : Pampflet collection conteining materials on Africa. Central Africa, Gold Coast, Nigeria, Rhodesia, United West Africa, West Africa
"Part of Our Lives challenges the conventional idea that public libraries are valuable mostly because they are essential to democracy. Instead, this book uses the voices of generations of public library users to argue that Americans have loved their libraries for the useful information they make accessible; the public spaces they provide; and the commonplace reading materials they supply that help users make sense of the world around them"--
The Babylonian and oriental record
Foundations of the Public Library : the origins of the public library movement in New England 1629-1855
Transforming the Bodleian
The Imperial Library in southern Sung China, 1127-1279 : a study of the organization and operation of the scholarly agencies of the central government
The Jagellonian university library in Cracow
The history of the library in Western civilization. 4, From Cassiodorus to Furnival : classical and christian letters, schools and libraries in the monasteries and universities, western book centres
A history of the principles of librarianship
Books, maps, and politics : a cultural history of the Library of Congress, 1783-1861
The history of the University Library at Turku. II, 1722-1772
The library of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR
A history of libraries in the Western world
Oe-Gyujanggak doseo, mueosi munje inga? = The Oe-Kyujanggak books: what are the problems?
The meaning of the library : a cultural history
A nation of readers : the lending library in Georgian England
Library history research in America : essays commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of the Library History Round Table, American Library Association
The autobiography of Sir Thomas Bodley
The idea of the library in the ancient world
Kyujanggak : rediscovering its history and culture
The library of the Badia Fiesolana : intellectual history and education under the Medici (1462-1494)
Memory's library : medieval books in early modern England
Handbuch der Orientalistik. 5. Abt., Japan, 7. Bd. : The book in Japan : a cultural history from the beginnings to the nineteenth century
"This is the first comprehensive, scholarly history of Trinity College Library Dublin. It covers the whole 400 years of the Library's development, from its foundation by James Ussher in the seventeenth century to the electronic revolution of the twenty-first century. Particular attention is given to the buildings and the politics involved in obtaining funding for them, as well as to the acquisition of the great treasures, such as the Book of Kells and the libraries of Ussher, Claudius Gilbert and Hendrik Fagel. An important aspect is the comprehensive coverage of legal deposit from the beginning of the nineteenth century, viewed for the first time from the Irish perspective. The book also draws parallels with the development of other libraries in Dublin and those of the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and features throughout the individuals who influenced the Library's development - librarians, politicians, readers, book-collectors and book-thieves"--
Libraries in the ancient world
The history of the library in Western civilization. 2, From Cicero to Hadrian : the Roman world from the beginnings of Latin literature to the monumental and private libraries of the Empire
Hidden treasure : the National Library of Medicine
The national museum library : a guidebook
Bibliothek als Archiv
