http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26302 Punic wars
Punic wars
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
Unplanned wars : the origins of the First and Second Punic Wars
The Punic wars
China : five thousand years of history and civilization
Children of the jacaranda tree
Hannibal's war : a military history of the second Punic war
Hannibal : great general of the ancient world
Hannibal : clouds of war
Hannibal : enemy of Rome
Building the wooden fighting ship
Hannibal : the military biography of Rome's greatest enemy
Hannibal's war : a military history of the Second Punic War
The fall of Carthage : the Punic wars 265-146 BC
Hannibal is acknowledged as one of history's greatest generals, and his crossing of the Alps - complete with elephants - to make war against Rome on its home soil is legendary. But even Hannibal met his match in Scipio, and ultimately Carthage was defeated by the rising power of Rome. In Hannibal's War, J. F. Lazenby provides the first scholarly account in English since 1886 solely devoted to the Second Punic War, which some have called the first "world war" for mastery of the Mediterranean world. By closely examining the accounts of Livy and Polybius, supplemented with the fruits of modern research, Lazenby provides a detailed military history of the entire war as it was fought in Italy, Spain, Greece, and North Africa. This edition includes a new preface covering recent research on Hannibal's war against Rome.
The Roman Hannibal : remembering the enemy in Silius Italicus' Punica
Hannibal's war
A Companion to the Punic Wars offers a comprehensive new survey of the three wars fought between Rome and Carthage between 264 and 146 BC.
A critical history of early Rome : from prehistory to the first Punic war
Livy on the Hannibalic War
A companion to the Punic Wars
The garden of evening mists
Stockholm papers in history and philosophy of technology
The devil's garden
Mastering the West : Rome and Carthage at war
Hannibal's legacy. Volume II : Rome and her neighbours after Hannibal's exit: the Hannibalic war's effects on Roman life
Hannibal's legacy. Volume I : Rome and her neighbours before Hannibal's entry: the Hannibalic war's effects on Roman life
Silius Italicus' 'Punica', the longest surviving epic in Latin literature, has seen a resurgence of interest among scholars in recent years. A celebration of Rome's triumph over Hannibal and Carthage during the Second Punic War, Silius' poem presents a plethora of familiar names to its readers: Fabius Maximus, Claudius Marcellus, Scipio Africanus, and, of course, Rome's ultimate enemy - Hannibal. Where most recent scholariship on the 'Punica' has focused its attention on the problematic portrayal of Scipio Africanus as a hero for Rome, this book shifts the focus to Carthage and offers a new reading of Hannibal's place in Silius' epic, and in Rome's literary culture at large. Celebrated and demonished in equal measure, Hannibal became something of an anti-hero for Rome: a man who acquired mythic status and was condemned by Rome's authors for his supposed greed and cruelty, yet admired for his military acumen. 'The Roman Hannibal' provides, for the first time, a comprehensive overview of this multi-faceted Hannibal as he appears in the 'Punica' and suggests that Silius' portrayal of him can be read as the culmination of Rome's centuries-long engagement with the Carthaginian in its literature. Through detailed consideration of internal focalisation, Silius' Hannibal is revealed to be a man striving to create an eternal legacy, becoming the Hannibal whom a Roman, and a modern reader, would recognise. The works of Polybius, Livy, Virgil, and the post-Virgilian epicists all have a bit-part in this book, which aims to show that Silius Italicus' 'Punica' is as much an example of how Rome remembered its past as it is a text striving to join Rome's epic canon. -- Publisher's decription.
Hannibal : a Hellenistic life
Rome versus Carthage : The war at sea
The welcome home garden club
Hannibal : fields of blood
The first Punic war : a military history
Carthage : a survey of Punic history and culture from its birth to the final tragedy
Livy's account of the Hannibalic War in his Third Decade (Books 21-30) is our fullest source for one of the most crucial wars of all time; it is also a narrative history of unparalleled richness, drama, and depth. D. S. Levene's book, the first large-scale general study of Livy's Third Decade, explores the things that make it distinctive not only within Livy's writing, but also within all ancient historiography. Levene examines such topics as Livy's construction of his narrative, his source-material and use of literary allusion, his battle scenes, his sophisticated but ambivalent attitudes towards non-Romans, and above all his challenging and revolutionary treatment of such things as chronology, causation, and indeed human character. Livy portrays a world in which military calculation and human reason constantly fail, a world in which events occur beyond normal human comprehension, but where everything is governed by a hidden moral structure. Livy's unique and original approach to history has often been misunderstood; Levene demonstr
Tradition and innovation : Sicily between Hellenism and Rome
Japanilaisia puupiirroksia Ven채j채n-Japanin sodasta 1904-1905 = Japanska tr채snitt fr책n rysk-japanska krigets tid 1904-1905 = Japanese woodblock prints from the Russo-Japanese war 1904-1905
For future generations : conservation of a Tudor maritime collection
