http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26317 Sumerian language
Sumerian language
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 48, Old-Babylonian legal documents
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 56, Neo-Babylonian and Achaemenid economic texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 58, Sumerian literary texts
A manual of Sumerian grammar and texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 47, Old-Babylonian Nadītu records
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 36.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 2.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 31.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 20.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 32.
Sumerian economis texts from the Drehem archive
Literary and miscellaneous texts in the Ashmolean Museum
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 37.
An archive of kennelmen and other workers in Ur III Lagash
The Sumerian dictionary of the University museum of the University of Pennsylvania. Vol. 2, B
The E. A. Hoffman collection : and other American collections : by D. Snell
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 18.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 28.
Materials for a Sumerian lexicon with a grammatical introduction
The Sag-tablet, lexical texts in the Ashmolean Museum, middle Babylonian grammatical texts, miscellaneous texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 44, Miscellaneous texts
The Sumerian dictionary of the University museum of the University of Pennsylvania. Vol. 1, A, part 2
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 30.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 7.
The series lú=ša and related texts
A Sumerian grammar and chrestomathy with a vocabulary of the principal roots in Sumerian and a list of the most important syllabic and vowel transcriptions
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 39
Sumerian administrative documents : from the reigns of Išbi-Erra an Šū-ilišu
The series HAR-ra=hubullu : Tablets XX-XXIV
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 33.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 24.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 15.
Sumerian literary texts in the Ashmolean Museum
Sumer edebî tablet ve parçaları : Istanbul Arkeoloji Müzelerinde bulunan = Sumerian litery tablets and fragments in the Archaeological Museum of Istanbul. 1
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 50, Pre-Sargonic and Sargonic economic texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 49, Late-Babylonian economic texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 17.
Izi=išātu, Ká-gal=abullu and Níg-ga=makkūru
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 52, Old Babylonian letters
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 25.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 6.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 16.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 1.
Sumerian grammar in Babylonian theory
Sumer edebî tablet ve parçaları : Istanbul Arkeoloji Müzelerinde bulunan = Sumerian litery tablets and fragments in the Archaeological Museum of Istanbul. 2
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 45, Old-Babylonian business documents
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 46, Babylonian literary texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 3.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 40
Sumerian economis texts from the Umma archive
Catalogue of Sumerian tablets in the John Rylands Library
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 41
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 23.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 10.
The Sumerian dictionary of the University museum of the University of Pennsylvania. Vol. 1, A, part 1
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 27.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 9.
The Sumerian prefix forms e- and i- in the time of the earlier Princes of Lagaš
Sumerian literary fragments from Nippur
The series HAR-ra=hubullu : Tablet XVI, XVII, XIX and related texts
Ea A=nâqu, Aa A=nâqu, with their forerunners : and related texts
The Pennsylvania old Assyrian texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 19.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 22.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 8.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 21.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 34.
From the poetry of Sumer
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 29.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 12.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 11.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 26.
Sumerian economic texts : from the first dynasty of Isin
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 51, Miscellaneous texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 4.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 14.
Selected Ur III texts from the Harward Semitic Museum. David Owen
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 43, Old-Babylonian letters
The series Erim-huš=anantu and An-ta-gàl=šaqû
Sumerian grammatical texts
The John Frederick Lewis collection
İstanbul Eski̇-Şark Müzesi̇ndeki̇ Ni̇ppur'da bulunmuş sümer edebî meti̇nleri̇ = Sumerian literary texts from Nippur in the Museum of the Ancient Orient at Istanbul
Pisan-dub-ba texts from the Sumerian Ur III dynasty
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 13.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 55, Neo-Babylonian and Achaemenid economic texts
The series HAR-ra=hubullu : Tablet XV and related texts with additions and corrections to MSL II, III, V and VII
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 38
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 35.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 57, Neo-Babylonian and Achaemenid economic texts
The Sumerian language : an introduction to its history and grammatical structure
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 5.
The series SIG7.ALAN=Nabnītu
The Sumerian dictionary of the University museum of the University of Pennsylvania. Vol. 1, A, part 3
The pinches manuscript
A Sumerian reading-book
