http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26328 microeconomy
microeconomy
Treatment and hygiene of farm slurry and food waste
Faith and Finance : predicting religious conversions in faith-based microfinance customers
Fundamentals of public economics
This text provides a thorough exposition of the traditional and the "modern" micro-theory. It concentrates on the models of behaviour of the basic economic units, consumers and producers. The main emphasis is on "oligopoly", which is the typical market structure of the modern industrial world. In addition, this second edition includes a third part covering the three important topics of the theory of factor pricing, general equilibrium theory and welfare theory. The new edition thus covers all the topics usually included in textbooks on price theory. The book is written at an intermediate level and is designed for undergraduate micro-theory courses. In addition, postgraduate courses in which micro-theory is taught at not too specialized a level could make use of the text. The author has adopted the verbal approach, with extensive use of diagrams to illustrate the verbal exposition. Mathematical proofs (where necessary) are presented in footnotes, or, when in the text, they are printed in small print so as not to interrupt the main theme.
Protecting the poor : a microinsurance compendium
The market economy : from micro to mesoeconomics
Microeconomics with Calculus
Biochar application is a promising strategy for sequestering carbon in agricultural soils and for improving degraded soils. Nonetheless, contradictory and unsettled issues remain. This study investigates whether biochar influences the soil microbial biomass and community structure using phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) analysis. We monitored the effects of four different types of biochar on the soil microbial communities in three temperate soils of Austria over several months. A greenhouse experiment and two field experiments were conducted. The biochar application did not significantly increase or decrease the microbial biomass. Only the addition of vineyard pruning biochar pyrolysed at 400°C caused microbial biomass to increase in the greenhouse experiment. The biochar treatments however caused shifts in microbial communities (visualized by principal component analysis). We concluded that the shifts in the microbial community structure are an indirect rather than a direct effect and depend on soil conditions and nutrient status.
Basic mathematics for economists
Harmonization and international trade
Microbially available phosphorus in drinking water
Lecture notes in microeconomic theory : the economic agent
Family, friend, or foe? : essays in empirical microeconomics
"Intermediate Microeconomics: A Tool-Building Approach is a clear and concise, calculus-based exposition of current microeconomic theory essential for students pursuing degrees in Economics or Business. This beautifully-presented and accessible text covers all the essential topics that are typically required at the intermediate level, from consumer and producer theory to market structure (perfect competition, monopoly and oligopoly). Topics covered include risk, game theory, general equilibrium and externalities, asymmetric information, and public goods. Using numerical examples as well as sophisticated and carefully designed exercises, the book aims to teach microeconomic theory via a process of learning-by-doing. When there is a skill to be acquired, a list of steps outlining the procedure is provided, followed by an example to illustrate how this procedure is carried out. Once the procedure has been learned, students will be able to solve similar problems and be well on their way to mastering the skills needed for future study.Intermediate Microeconomics presents a tremendous amount of material in a concise way, without sacrificing rigor, clarity or exposition. Through use of this text, students will acquire both the analytical toolkit and theoretical foundations necessary in order to take upper-level courses in industrial organization, international trade, public finance and other field courses".
Micro insurance and the interface between insurers and insured households : an analysis of the Afat Vimo Partner-Agent Model of micro insurance in Gujarat, India
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Advanced microeconomic theory
Microeconomic laws : a philosophical analysis
Analysis of microdata
Resettlement, resource conflicts, livelihood revival and reintegration in south Sudan : a study of the processes and institutional issues at the local level in Magwi county
Building inclusive financial sectors for development
Commercialization of microfinance : Bangladesh
Oxford review of economic policy : winter 1991 : microeconomics of transition in Eastern Europe
The soil quality concept and its importance in the study of Finnish arable soils
The U.S.-Mexico remittance corridor : lessons on shifting from informal to formal transfer systems
Microeconomic analysis
Handbook of applied econometrics : microeconomics
Microeconometrics : surveys and applications
Does anonymity matter in electronic limit order markets?
Microeconomics : a modern approach
Financial therapy : theory, research, and practice
Economic analysis. 1, Microeconomics
Reducing global poverty : the case for asset accumulation
The economics of commercial property market
Readings in applied microeconomics
Achievements and challenges of microfinance institution in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
The cartoon introduction to economics. Volume 1, Microeconomics
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Offshoring in the global economy : microeconomic structure and macroeconomic implications
Intermediate microeconomics : a modern approach
External finance for private sector development : appraisals and issues
Exercises and applications for microeconomic analysis
Large waterborne epidemic in Pirkanmaa, Finland 2007 : Study on disease burden, health consequences and health-economic costs
Variable quality in consumer theory : toward a dynamic microeconomic theory of the consumer
Microeconomics in context
Intermediate microeconomics : a tool-building approach
How an economy grows and why it crashes : a tale
Economic analysis. 2, Macroeconomics
This thorough reconstruction of microeconomics 'post-2008' provides economic students with a new way of real-world understanding and strategic qualification that will be better appreciated by their future employers and any professional practice.
African friends and money matters : observations from Africa
The entrepreneur in microeconomic theory : disappearance and explanation
Intermediate microeconomics and its application
International migration, remittances, and brain drain
Instructor's manual to accompany Principles of microeconomics
Biochar affects the structure rather than the total biomass of microbial communities in temperate soils
Foundations of microeconomics
Glossary of industrial organisation economics and competition law
Introduction to microeconomics
Conversations and empirical evidence in microfinance
Superfairness : applications and theory
Topics in microeconomics : industrial organization, auctions and incentives
Industrial economics : economic analysis and public policy
Market microstructure : intermediaries and the theory of the firm
Managerial Economics, Theory, Applications, and Cases
Economic dynamics : phase diagrams and their economic application
Advances in applied micro-economics : a research annual. Vol. 2.
Microeconomic theory
Uncertainty, production, choice, and agency : the state-contingent approach
Principles of microeconomics
"This book brings together two sets of development questions usually considered separately: the affective investments in humanitarian and development aid and the latter's use of visual representation and digital media. The author interweaves analysis of both to directly address young people's investments in charitable giving, mediated through websites and tours. Using the example of microfinance - the inclusion of the world's poor people into formal financial services - this book analyzes how the participation of financial inclusion supporters in global poverty alleviation efforts is shaped by affective sentiments, relationships and collectivities".
Microeconomics with calculus
Economic Strategy for South Eastern Europe : Final Report of EWI Economic Task Force for South Eastern Europe
Economics : a mathematical introduction
Readings in microeconomics
The impact of village development funds on community welfare in the Lao People's Democratic Republic
Long-range futures research : an application of complexity science
Microfoundations reconsidered : the relationship of micro and macroeconomics in historical perspective
Advances in applied microeconomics : a research annual. Vol. 1
J. M. Clark
Microeconomics of interactive economies : evolutionary, institutional, and complexity perspectives : a 'non-toxic' intermediate textbook
Macroeconomics for business decisions
Productivity growth and micro-level restructuring : Finnish experiences during the turbulent decades
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Microeconomics
The great economists : ten economists whose thinking changed the way we live
Theories of industrial organization
Microeconomics for managers
Managerial economics : theory and applications for decision making
Modern microeconomics
Modern Microeconomics
Maistre Nicole Oresme : le Livre de yconomique d'Aristote : critical edition of the French text from the Avranches manuscript with the original Latin version, introduction and English translation
Good practices in building innovative rural institutions to increase food security
Intermediate microeconomic analysis : theory and applications
Microeconomic theory : basic principles and extensions
Commercialization of microfinance : Philippines
Methodology for a new microeconomics : the critical foundations
Microeconomics for MBAs : the economic way of thinking for managers
Abstract.
Commercialization of microfinance : perspectives from South and Southeast Asia
Microeconomic theory old and new : a student's guide
The global economics of forestry
Economics workbook
Rotavirus in drinking water : molecular methods for measurement of infectivity
Microeconomics, growth and political economy
New media and international development : representation and affect in microfinance
Exercises and applications for Microeconomic analysis
Intermediate microeconomics : theory and applications
Mathematica® for microeconomics : learning by example
Welfare economics in theory and practice
Microeconomics : principles and analysis
Economic methodology : patterns of reasoning and the structure of theories
Understanding the market
An empirically based microeconomics
Microbial communities in drinking water systems analysed by lipid biomarkers
Extrema of smooth functions : with examples from economic theory
A study in the theory of inflation and unemployment
Microeconomics and behavior
Microeconomic Theory
Summaries.
