http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26439 cultural exchange
cultural exchange
Changes in the food habits of Chinese students after migration to Helsinki, Finland
Chinese students' perceptions of cooperative learning in Finland
Politeness, involvement and detachment in upper management business correspondence : a cross-cultural analysis
Vietnamese overseas students' expectation recruitment agencies in home country
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Development of culture shock among exchange students
Treasures of the royal courts : Tudors, Stuarts & the Russian tsars
Going east
Finnish exchange students abroad : puzzling intercultural communication situations
The gift : forms and functions of exchange in archaic societies
Erasmus exchange students : A behind-the-scenes view into an ELF community of practice
The exchange student survival kit
Foreign influences in Denmark's early iron age
Challenges the finnish schools have faced in the comenius 1 projects
Relationship between intercultural friendship networks and homesickness level of international degree students at a Finnish university
American-Soviet cultural diplomacy : the Bolshoi Ballet's American premiere
Alcohol use among international students in Lapland
Cultural exchange in early modern Europe. Vol. 2, Cities and cultural exchange in Europe, 1400-1700
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
Cultural exchange in seventeenth-century France and England
Exchanging products : producing exchange
Sudent exchange and multicultural skills : case: Haaga-Helia's BBA Degree Programme in International Business
Western art and the wider world
Essays on current account imbalances
Transnational competence : rethinking the U.S. - Japan educational relationship
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Sweden : Göteborg, Public collections
Public health, science and the economy : the onto-politics of traditional medicine in Namibia
Living dialogue : an evaluation of the work exchange program and intercultural training of the city of Jyväskylä
Music, art and diplomacy : East-West cultural interactions and the Cold War
Beyond the superpower conflict: Introduction to VJHS special issue on cultural exchanges during the Cold War
To the letter : a curious history of correspondence
Abstract: The role of art exhibitions in Finnish-Italian relations concerning the visual arts from the 1920s to the end of the Second World War.
How finnish exchange students experienced culture shock in People's Republic of China
Multiple methodologies in anthropological research
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 2, Sweden : Stockholm, Medelhavsmuseet and Nationalmuseum
Intercultural friendship development between Finnish and international students
Reinforcing Finland's attachment to the west : British and American propaganda and cultural diplomacy in Finland, 1944-1962
Cultural exchange in early modern Europe. Vol. 4, Forging European identities, 1400-1700
Internationally Yours : Writing and communicating successfully in today's global marketplace
Making headway : the introduction of western civilization in colonial northern Nigeria
Art & energy : how culture changes
Impacts of study abroad programmes on students and graduates
Collecting across cultures : material exchanges in the early modern Atlantic world
Dancers as Diplomats chronicles the role of dance and dancers in American cultural diplomacy. In the early decades of the Cold War and the twenty-first century, American dancers toured the globe on tours sponsored by the US State Department. Dancers as Diplomats tells the story of how these tours in shaped and some times re-imagined ideas of America in unexpected, often sensational circumstances-pirouetting in Moscow as the Cuban Missile Crisis unfolded and dancing in Burma in the days just before the country held its first democratic elections. Based on more than seventy interviews with dancers who traveled on the tours, the book looks at a wide range of American dance companies, among them New York City Ballet, Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, the Martha Graham Dance Company, Urban Bush Women, ODC/Dance, Ronald K. Brown/Evidence, and the Trey McIntyre Project, among others. These companies traveled the world. During the Cold War, they dance everywhere from the Soviet Union during the Cold War to Vietnam just months before the US abandoned Saigon. In the post 9/11 era, they traveled to Asia and Latin America, sub-Saharan Africa and the Middle East.
Study abroad and career identity : three narratives of English language students' journeys to English-speaking countries
Fulbright Finland news
Cold War crossings : international travel and exchange across the Soviet bloc, 1940s-1960s
Cultures in motion : studies in the Medieval and Early Modern periods
"In Art & Energy, Barry Lord argues that human creativity is deeply linked to the resources available on earth for our survival. From our ancient mastery of fire through our exploitation of coal, oil, and gas, to the development of today's renewable energy sources, each new source of energy fundamentally transforms our art and culture--how we interact with the world, organize our communities, communicate, and conceive of and assign value to art. By analyzing art, artists, and museums across eras and continents, Lord demonstrates how our cultural values and artistic expression are formed by our efforts to access and control the energy sources that make these cultures possible. Ultimately, Art & Energy reveals how, in Lord's words, "energy transition is a powerful engine of cultural change.""--
Entangled objects : exchange, material culture, and colonialism in the Pacific
Cultures in interaction : construction of ethnic identities in Amy Tan's "The bonesetter's daughter"
Abstract: Culrure shock: Development of cultural shock among exchange students.
The process of cultural transfer in Northern Nigeria was historically thought to have been dictated by European colonial domination. In fact, Western missionaries may not have been able to guide African Christians toward mastery of the secular world when they themselves lacked the worldliness to do so. In this penetrating study, Andrew E. Barnes argues that competition among colonizing forces impelled British colonial administrators and Christian missionaries alike to offer Africans those aspects of Western civilization Africans themselves specifically wanted: schools that provided greater access to Western intellectual skills. In Making Headway: The Introduction of Western Civilization in Colonial Northern Nigeria, Barnes demonstrates effectively that Europeans were successful in transferring to local peoples the cultural values they hoped to foster only because Africans and Europeans reached consensus about the nature and character of the Western civilization to be shared. Ultimately, this study asserts, Africans had greater control over the introduction of Western civilization to the region than traditionally thought. Andrew E. Barnes is associate professor of History at Arizona State University.
Early modern dynastic marriages and cultural transfer
Follow the Vikings : highlights of the Viking world
Kulttuurivaihtoa käsityön keinoin = Cultural exchange through arts and crafts
Politics of the Kula ring : an analysis of the findings of Bronislaw Malinowski
Food, identity and cross-cultural exchange in the ancient world
South Asian transnationalisms : cultural exchange in the twentieth century
The migration of symbols
Humanismin lähettiläät : italialaisia taideaarteita Belgradin kansallismuseon kokoelmista & valikoima vanhaa italialaista taidetta suomalaisista kokoelmista = Envoys of humanism : Italian art treasures from the collection of the National Museum in Belgrade & a selection of old Italian art from Finnish collections
Culture shock and cultural exchange in Anglo-French migrant narrative : a case study in Michael Wright's C'est la folie (2007) and Stephen Clarke's A year in the Merde
Studies in legal systems : mixed and mixing
The modern utopian : alternative communities of the '60s and '70s
Multicultural TeKu : the international learning environment at Savonia
84, Charing Cross Road
Dancers as diplomats : American choreography in cultural exchange
Developing International Exchange Program: Laurea UAS and Partner Universities in Japan
Greyscale/CMYK
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Sweden : fasc. 1, Lund : fasc. 1, Museum of Classical Antiquities, Lund
The role of ethical organizational culture in preventing sickness absence and turnover in organizations
Searching for a cultural diplomacy
Finn-Brits magazine
Intercultural communication experiences of foreign students with a focus on their perspectives of national, cultural and ethnic identity : case of exchange and degree students in Jyväskylä, Finland
"Early Modern Dynastic Marriages and Cultural Transfer examines marriage as an important agent of cultural transfer, emphasizing how marriages could lead to the creation of a cosmopolitan culture, common to the elites of Europe. These essays focus on the personal and domestic dimensions of early modern European court life, examining such areas as women's devotional practices, fashion, patronage, and culinary traditions"--
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Sweden : fasc. 2, Stockholm : fasc. 1, Medelhavsmuseet and Nationalmuseum
Conclusion
Avoiding culture shock : exposure to unfamiliar cultural environments and its effect on exchange students
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Transaction and meaning : directions in the anthropology of exchange and symbolic behavior
Introduction to the Logic of East-West Artistic Interactions
Intercultural competence needs of exchange students coming to or going abroad from the university of Costa Rica
Critical incidents as a training tool for Finnish exchange students going to The United States
Bałtyckie sąsiedztwo : Dania, Finlandia, Islandia, Norwegia, Szwecja ; Our Baltic neighbourhood : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
The gift : the form and reason for exchange in archaic societies
Exchange systems in prehistory
