http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26470 counterfeit goods
counterfeit goods
Brand protection in the online world : a comprehensive guide
A blistering story of obsession, music, crime, and money. A story of visionaries, criminals and moguls. It's about the greatest pirate in history, the most powerful executive in the music business, and an illegal website four times the size of the iTunes.
Countering counterfeiting : managerial perceptions of consumerdirected anti-counterfeiting strategies
How music got free : what happens when an entire generation commits the same crime?
Democracy of sound : music piracy and the remaking of American copyright in the twentieth century
Criminal enforcement of intellectual property : a handbook of contemporary research
Unfair competition in Finland in the time of network economy.
Seizure of counterfeit goods at the Finnish Customs
Phenolic compounds in the berries of the selected Vaccinium species : the potential for authenticity analyses
English summary: Unfair competition in Finland in the time of network economy.
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 2
Intellectual property enforcement : a commentary on the anti-counterfeiting trade agreement (ACTA)
Knockoff : the deadly trade in counterfeit goods : the true story of the world's fastest growing crime wave
Shanzhai products in everyday life : ethnographic fieldwork in China
The study of material culture demonstrates that objects make people just as much as people make, exchange and consume objects. But what if these objects are, in the eyes of others, only fakes? What kind of material mirror are people looking into? Are their real selves really reflected in this mirror? This book provides an original and revealing study into engagements with objects that are not what they are claimed and presumed to be and, subsequently, are believed to betray their makers as well as users. Drawing upon an ethnography of fake branded garments in Turkey and Romania, this book shows how people can make authentic positions for themselves in and through fake objects. The book will be of interest to students and scholars working in the fields of anthropology, material culture and cultural studies as well as to general readers interested in ethnographic alternatives to biographies of famous fakers and fakes.
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Luxury marketing : a challenge for theory and practice
Material culture and authenticity : fake branded fashion in Europe
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 3
