http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26495 stigmata
stigmata
Of sound and mind : papers on deafness, personality and mental health
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Stigma, Discrimination and Living with HIV/AIDS : A Cross-Cultural Perspective
Born losers : a history of failure in America
Exploring the impacts of stigma and discrimination on female street-based sex workers
Stuttering meets stereotype, stigma, and discrimination : an overview of attitude research
More than a century of research has sought to identify the causes of stuttering, describe its nature, and enhance its clinical treatment. By contrast, studies directly focused upon public and professional attitudes toward stuttering began in the 1970s. Recent work has taken this research to new levels, including the development of standard attitude measures; addressing the widely reported phenomena of teasing, bullying, and discrimination against people who stutter; and attempting to change public opinion toward stuttering to more accepting and sensitive levels. Stuttering Meets Stereotype, Stigma, and Discrimination: An Overview of Attitude Research is the only reference work to date devoted entirely to the topic of stuttering attitudes. It features comprehensive review chapters by St. Louis, Boyle and Blood, Gabel, Langevin, and Abdalla; an annotated bibliography by Hughes; and experimental studies by other seasoned and new researchers. The book leads the reader through a maze of research efforts, emerging with a clear understanding of the important issues involved and ideas of where to go next. Importantly, the evidence base for stuttering attitude research extends beyond research in this fluency disorder to such areas as mental illness, obesity, and race. Thus, although of interest primarily to those who work, interact, or otherwise deal with stuttering, the book has potential for increasing understanding, ameliorating negative attitudes, and informing research on any of a host of other stigmatized conditions.
Can I tell just by myself? : Discussing a parental mental disorder with a child in a research interview
A sensational, yet totally believable, account of the history of stigmata, including first-person stories of those people who claim to be stigmatics today. Stigmata is one of the most controversial books about religious phenomena since Ken Moody's Life After Life and Betty J. Eadie's Embraced by the Light. — Just after Christmas in 1991, a Roman Catholic priest in a suburb of Washington, D.C., discovered that his wrists were bleeding. Then his feet began to hurt and bleed, and a little later a wound in his right side opened up. In the summer of 1985, something extraordinary happened to Jane Hunt, an English woman in her late twenties. Wounds appeared in her hands that resembled the marks of Christ's crucifixion.
Feelings at the margins : dealing with violence, stigma and isolation in Indonesia
From psychiatric patient to citizen : overcoming discrimination and exclusion
The trouble with normal : sex, politics, and the ethics of queer life
Attitudes towards people with mental disorders in a general population in Finland
Up until now, many articles have been written to portray stigma and discrimination which occur with people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA) in many parts of the world. But this is the first book which attempts to put together results from empirical research relating to stigma, discrimination and living with HIV/AIDS. The focus of this book is on issues relevant to stigma and discrimination which have occurred to individuals and groups in different parts of the globe, as well as how these individuals and groups attempt to deal with HIV/AIDS. The book comprises chapters written by researchers who carry out their projects in different parts of the world and each chapter contains empirical information based on real life situations. This can be used as an evidence for health care providers to implement socially and culturally appropriate services to assist individuals and groups who are living with HIV/AIDS in many societies. The book is of interest to health care providers who have their interests in working with individuals and groups who are living with HIV/AIDS from a cross-cultural perspective. It will be useful for students and lecturers in courses such as anthropology, sociology, social work, nursing, public health and medicine. In particular, it will assist health workers in community health centres and hospitals in understanding issues related to HIV/AIDS and hence provide culturally sensitive health care to people living with HIV/AIDS from different social and cultural backgrounds. The book is useful for anyone who is interested in HIV/AIDS-related stigma and discrimination in diverse social and cultural settings.
The Oxford handbook of social exclusion
Stigma and sexual orientation : understanding prejudice against lesbians, gay men, and bisexuals
Labeling women deviant : gender, stigma, and social control
Personalised assistive products : managing stigma and expressing the self
A ten-year-old black girl in California bled from her palms, feet, right side, and the middle of her forehead for nineteen days in 1972, until good Friday, when the bleeding stopped. A Washington, D.C., priest experienced spontaneous bleeding from his writsts, feet, and right side in 1991. Since St. Francis of Assisi in the thirteenth century, ordinary people have suffered spontaneous lesions and bleeding resembling the wounds received by Christ during the crucifixion. Until recently, the occurrences of this religious and medical phenomenon had been limited to European cultures, but more and more cases of stigmata are being reported in Latin America and the United States. Including a startling analysis of the socioeconomic conditions that might give rise to the emergence of stigmatics at the end of another millennium and interviews with a medical expert on stigmata, this intriguing and objective examination is one of the most controversial books about religious phenomena since Embraced by the Light.
The stigma of disease and disability : understanding causes and overcoming injustices
Racial justice : the superficial morality of colour-blindness in the United States
The stigmatized vernacular : where reflexivity meets untellability
"At the end of a steep gravel road in one of the remotest corners of South Africa's Eastern Cape lies the village of Ithanga. Home to a few hundred villagers, the majority of them unemployed, it is inconceivably poor. It is to here that award-winning author Jonny Steinberg travels to explore the lives of a community caught up in a battle to survive the ravages of the greatest plague of our times, the African AIDS epidemic. He befriends Sizwe, a young local man who refuses to be tested for Aids despite the existence of a well-run testing and anti-retroviral programme. It is his deep ambivalence, rooted in his deep sense of the cultural divide, that becomes the key to understanding the dynamics that thread their way through a terrified community. As Steinberg struggles to get closer to answers that remain just out of reach, he realises that he must also look within himself to unlock the paradoxes at the heart of his country." -- (Back Cover)
Reducing the stigma of mental illness : a report from a Global Programme of the World Psychiatric Association
Sexual stigma : an interactionist account
Wounds in the Middle Ages
Diagnosing folklore : perspectives on disability, health, and trauma
Stigma : how we treat outsiders
The aim of the research on which this case study is based is to investigate the perceptions, experiences and impacts of stigma and discrimination on female street-based sex workers. Ethnography is both a research design and methodology that can be used to reach such vulnerable populations. A methodological framework of feminism is also used to ensure that for the researcher, reflexivity and self-disclosure can be a tool to engage sex workers and develop relationships. A total of 24 in-depth interviews, a year of observational data and a collection of media and news-related material (unobtrusive methods) were used to collect and triangulate data.
"Diagnosing Folklore provides an inclusive forum for an expansive conversation on the sensitive, raw, and powerful processes that shape and imbue meaning in the lives of individuals and communities beleaguered by medical stigmatization, conflicting public perceptions, and contextual constraints. This volume aims to showcase current ideas and debates, as well as promote the larger study of disability, health, and trauma within folkloristics, helping bridge the gaps between the folklore discipline and disability studies. This book consists of three sections, each dedicated to key issues in disability, health, and trauma. It explores the confluence of disability, ethnography, and the stigmatized vernacular through communicative competence, esoteric and exoteric groups in the Special Olympics, and the role of family in stigmatized communities. Then, it considers knowledge, belief, and treatment in regional and ethnic communities with case studies from the Latino/a community in Los Angeles, Javanese Indonesia, and Middle America. Lastly, the volume looks to the performance of mental illness, stigma, and trauma through contemporary legends about mental illness, vlogs on bipolar disorder, medical fetishism, and veteran's stories"--
Women and fat : approaches to the social study of fatness
Labeling : pedagogy and politics
Roosters at midnight : indigenous signs and stigma in local Bolivian politics
Three letter plague : a young man's journey through a great epidemic
Stigmatization, tolerance and repair : an integrative psychological analysis of responses to deviance
Stigmata : a medieval mystery in a modern age
The mirror dance : identity in a women's community
Personal stigma and use of mental health services among people with depression in a general population in Finland
Attitudes towards people with mental disorders in a general population in Finland :
'I was worse or somehow different?' : ethnographic explorations of the taboo and stigma of cancer in Poland
Shunned : discrimination against people with mental illness
This timely and much-needed insight into the issue of prejudice in general includes discussion on the nature of antigay prejudice, stereotypes and behaviours, and the need for science and psychology to confront homophobia and related issues.
From clinical work and anecdotal accounts, the researchers believed that men vary in how they connect or disconnect their experiences of shame around HIV status from prior shame experiences regarding being gay. In this study, three men were interviewed to explore what it was like for them to come out, test positive, and struggle with relationships, family, and work. This case study provides an account of the qualitative analysis of this project, clarifying the process of exploring the experiences of men living with HIV, and elucidates one approach to creating room for the voice of participants to come through, counterbalanced with the community experiences and theory that I already possessed. Finally, this case study presents a model of how qualitative and quantitative hypotheses might inform one another.
Nothing about us without us : disability oppression and empowerment
Interpretive phenomenological analysis : stigma and HIV among gay men
Stigmatization, Tolerance and Repair : An Integrative Psychological Analysis of Responses to Deviance
Society is faced with a variety of undesirable behaviours and conditions such as crime, mental and physical illnesses and disabilities, that usually provoke different responses in people such as emotions of anger, fear or pity. In our evolutionary past, these emotions adaptively motivated the repair of interpersonal relationships, whereas more recently they may also result in other types of social control such as stigmatization or tolerance. Dijker and Koomen show, on the basis of elementary psychological processes, how peoples' responses are not only dependent on type of deviance but also on personality, situation, historical period and culture. They also examine the implications of these responses for the well-being and coping of people with deviant conditions or stigmas. This book provides conceptual tools for developing interventions to reduce stigmatization and offers a deeper understanding of the psychological basis of social control as well as opportunities to influence its potentially harmful consequences.
On the stigma of mental illness : practical strategies for research and social change
Stigma and mental illness
The social psychology of stigma
Stigma and group inequality : social psychological perspectives
Resident accounts of Mellunmäki : territorial stigma explored in a Helsinki lähiö
Stigma and social welfare
Stigma : notes on the management of spoiled identity
Class, place and identity in a satellite town
The end of stigma? : changes in the social experience of long-term illness
They bore the wounds of Christ : the mystery of the sacred stigmata
