http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26448 gender research
gender research
Men to boys : the making of modern immaturity
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
Sex in art : pornography and pleasure in the history of art
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
The discourses of food in nineteenth-century British fiction
Musical gender in performance
Stage appropriations of Shakespeare's major tragedies, 1979-2010
Fifty key concepts in gender studies
Gender identity as constructed in The Diary of Anaïs Nin of 1931-1934
In agrarian economies arable land is the most important form of property and productive resource, so that access to land defines the political and social status of a member of society. This paper examines changes in property and particularly land use rights in North-Central Namibia, paying special reference to gender inequality in access to land. The problem is approached by exploring the coping strategies of widowed and divorced persons after the dissolution of their marriage. Where property rights and gender inequality have traditionally been investigated on the basis of administrative records, survey data or oral information, this paper approaches such problems from a new perspective, through life histories of the Christian population transcribed from parish registers of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia. Linking of the parish register data to anthropological, ethnographic, socio-economic and cultural information markedly widens our scope for discussing rights over communal lands. The paper shows that remarriage was a real solution for many widows and divorced women in the 1930s and 1940s if they were at the best childbearing age. A dramatic decrease in the remarriage rate occurred from the mid-1950s onwards, however, which was related to socio-economic changes in society.
The man question : male subordination and privilege
Luce Irigaray's philosophy of feminine being : body, desire and wisdom
Representing the family
"The book offers readings of discourses about food in a wide range of sources, from canonical Victorian novels by authors such as Dickens, Gaskell, and Hardy to parliamentary speeches, royal proclamations, and Amendment Acts. It considers the cultural politics and poetics of food in relation to issues of race, class, gender, regionalism, urbanization, colonialism, and imperialism in order to discover how national identity and Otherness are constructed and internalized."
Feminist thought - politics of concepts : 5th Christina Conference on Gender Studies, 23-25 May 2013, Helsinki : programme and abstracts
Jane Pilcher and Imelda Whelehan's introduction gives an account of gender studies - what it is and how it originated. Their selection of topics is authoritative and the 50 entries reflect the complex, multi-faceted nature of the field in an accessible dictionary format.
Gender, rights and development : a global sourcebook
Conversation analysts have begun to challenge long-cherished assumptions about the relationship between gender and language, asking new questions about the interactional study of gender and providing fresh insights into the ways it may be studied empirically. Drawing on a lively set of audio- and video-recorded materials of real-life interactions, including domestic telephone calls, children's play, mediation sessions, police-suspect interviews, psychiatric assessments and calls to telephone helplines, this volume is the first to showcase the latest thinking and cutting-edge research of an international group of scholars working on topics at the intersection of gender and conversation analysis. Theoretically, it pushes forward the boundaries of our understanding of the relationship between conversation and gender, charting new and exciting territory. Methodologically, it offers readers a clear, practical understanding of how to analyse gender using conversation analysis, by presenting detailed demonstrations of this method in use.
The pink swastika : homosexuality in the Nazi Party
Confronting power, theorizing gender : interdisciplinary perspectives in the Caribbean
God, gender and the Bible
"A girl doesn't get a man by being brainy" : aspects of gender in Roald Dahl's Matilda and its Finnish and Swedish translations
Masculinities, crime and criminology : men, heterosexuality and the criminal(ised) other
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
This is a comprehensive two-volume encyclopedia covering the major theories, research, people and issues in contemporary gender studies. The work will be distinguished by a cross-nationaloss-cultural perspective providing comparative analyses of life experiences of men and women.
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Skeptical feminism : activist theory, activist practice
Mystery of mothers on the labour market : comparison of the differences in labour market participation of married mothers with small children in Germany and Finland during the 1990's
Female-friendly science : applying women's studies methods and theories to attract students
Gender and language
Experiencing the postmetaphysical self : between hermeneutics and deconstruction
Introduction
Farväl heteronormativitet : papers presented at the conference Farewell to Heteronormativity, University of Gothenburg may 23rd through 25th, 2002
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Performing ethnicity, performing gender : transcultural perspectives
The feminist seventies
Multi-girl-culture : an ethnography of doing identity
Changes of everyday life in gendered rural spaces
Feminism and the academy : exploring the politics of institutionalization in gender studies in Sweden
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Sex allocation
Fresh lipstick : redressing fashion and feminism
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Practices of gender in late medieval and early modern Europe
Transgressing boundaries in Jeanette Winterson's fiction
Internal entrepreneurship – a Trojan horse of the neoliberal governance of education? : Finnish pre- and in-service teachers' implementation of and resistance towards entrepreneurship education
Drawing on the latest research in neuroscience and psychology, Cordelia Fine debunks the myth of hardwired differences between men's and women's brains, unraveling the evidence behind such claims as men's brains aren't wired for empathy and women's brains aren't made to fix cars. She then goes one step further, offering a very different explanation of the dissimilarities between men's and women's behavior. Instead of a "male brain" and a "female brain," Fine gives us a glimpse of plastic, mutable minds that are continuously influenced by cultural assumptions about gender.--From publisher description.
A brief history of sexuality in premodern Japan
From objectification to dialogue : "gaze" in Aviva Jane Carlin's Jodie's body and Steven Shainberg's Fur: an imaginary portrait of Diane Arbus
Autonomous renewal of gendered practices : interventions and their pre-conditions at an academic workplace
Hemingway's genders : rereading the Hemingway text
Linguistic survival strategies in Geoffrey Chaucer's Clerk's tale, William Shakespeare's Othello and Elizabeth Cary's The tragedy of Mariam
Key debates in new political economy
Journal of gay & lesbian issues in education
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
Abstract: The modern nation and missing genders.
The gender of sexuality
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
Representations of changing masculinities in two novels by Tony Parsons
Transforming bodies, wandering desires : intra-actions of gender and sexuality in non-heterosexual transgender embodiment
Different for girls : how culture creates women
Gender questions and current challenges for Luther and Reformation studies
African masculinities : men in Africa from the late nineteenth century to the present
Strong arms and drinking strength : masculinity, violence, and the body in ancient India
Postfeminism : cultural texts and theories
Epidemiological study on trends and characteristics of suicide among children and adolescents in Finland
Sex differences in cognitive functions : a study of same-sex and opposite-sex twin pairs
Skyhooks and toeholds in the study of religion
Gender, nature and culture : 4th Christina Conference on Gender Studies, 20-22 May 2010 Helsinki : programme and abstracts
Gender for sale : advertising design as technologies of gender
Men and masculinities in Europe
Yesterday's breadwinners in today's mixed salad : cultural representations of masculinity in advertising
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
Research and sexual difference
Gender, identity and representation in video games : an elective discourse-oriented course for Finnish EFL upper secondary school students
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
The power dance in research interview. Manifesting power and powerless
Paths from socioemotional behavior in middle childhood to personality in middle adulthood
Lesbian, gay, and bisexual identities and youth : psychological perspectives
Feminist interpretations of René Descartes
Gender and development
Using corpora to analyze gender
Text authenticity in international reading literacy assessment : focusing on PISA 2000
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
Gender in call centre work
Transcending the boundaries of law : generations of feminism and legal theory
Bisexuality and same-sex marriage
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
Ugly girls on stage : Riot Grrrl reflected through misrepresentations
The post-Fordist sexual contract : working and living in contingency
Visual and verbal images of a woman in two Britney Spears' music videos
Gendering the international
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Relocations : queer suburban imaginaries
For or against gender equality ? : evaluating the Post-Cold War "rule of law" reforms in Sub-Saharan Africa
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
The international handbook on gender, migration and transnationalism : global and development perspectives
Reaching for scientific excellence in gender research : conference report
Feminist methodology : gender theory, feminist epistemology, sex and gender, cross-cultural feminist ethics, politics of gender, ethnography of gender
From women to gender : a diachronic exploration of participant representation in texts from the United Nations
From the unbearable bond to the gift imaginary : arch-aic bear ceremonials revisited
Gaining full membership in a gendered community of practice
The dialogues in-between : phenomenological perspective on women's oral history interviews
Lying bodies : survival and subversion in the field of vision
Friendships between women : a critical review
Looking at how the family is represented by the media, and by scrutinizing the manner in which it is regulated, this book uncovers the ways in which academic research and welfare policy have colluded with political rhetoric and the popular media to re-invent a mythical ideal family. Representing the Family: combines perspectives from a range of theories including media and cultural studies, sociology, and social history to show how certain types of family life are pathologised; highlights the discrepancies between contemporary representations of the `ideal' family and lived experience; compares the British experience with that of the United States and Australia. Representing the Family provides a rich and an engaging illustration of the ways in which the media produce meaning. It also demonstrates the ways in which critical social issues are played out across a range of discursive sites - academia, politics, and public policy.
Women's roles in the Renaissance
The politics of gender : a survey
Women, feminist identity and society in the 1980's : selected papers
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Unfinished business : screening the Italian Mafia in the new millenium
Gendering migration, livelihood and entitlements : migrant women in Canada and the United States
Son preference, leading to skewed sex ratios at birth, is an important feature of contemporary Chinese demography, as well as being a critical policy issue. Using a 2006 representative survey, this article explores preferences for boys and girls among childless young adults in a district of Beijing who have a stated one child as their ideal number of children (though they may be eligible to bear more). The descriptive analysis finds no evidence of son-preference; rather an overall indifference to gender. A multivariate analysis provides some indicative evidence of indifference regarding predictors of desiring a girl, a boy or either. gs.
Land use rights and gender in Ovamboland, North- Central Namibia, since the 1930s
'I won't have time to be lonely,' Lisa snapped. 'I have a career to think of.' : empowerment and agency in Sushi for Beginners and The Other Side of the Story by Marian Keyes
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Who's afraid of women's studies? : feminisms in everyday life
Theoretical perspectives on gender and development
Indifferent Gender Preferences among Childless Beijing Citizens
Doing gender differently : tales of terror and joy within the Finnish ICT-business
Intersex
"A sexist, misogynist dinosaur"? : the changing representations of James Bond's masculinity
Gender research project applications in the human and social sciences : a follow-up of the Swedish Research Council's 2004 review process and its outcome
Marxism, queer theory, gender
Gender : in world perspective
Gender in Finnish folkloristics : outlines of broadening fields
Religion : the basics
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide and type 2 diabetes is reaching a global epidemic. Epidemiological studies have identified numerous risk factors and pharmacotherapies in relation to these cardiometabolic diseases. However, the detailed molecular mechanisms of these risk factors and drug therapies generally remain incompletely understood. Elucidating the underlying molecular effects would be essential for better understanding of the disease pathogenesis and also for discovering new therapeutic targets. Quantitative serum metabolomics, which allows for simultaneous quantification of multiple circulating metabolic measures, provides a hypothesis-free approach to systematically inspect the metabolic changes in response to endogenous and exogenous stimuli. Metabolomics thus presents a valuable tool to study the detailed molecular effects of disease risk factors and drug therapies. However, current metabolomics studies are mostly conducted in small cross-sectional studies and the causal relations of the risk factors on the metabolic measures are generally unclear, providing limited public health impact. The present thesis serves as a proof-of-concept to illustrate that well-designed observational studies can be used to infer causality. With the exemplars of assessing molecular effects of two risk factors (body mass index and sex hormone-binding globulin) and two drug therapies (statins and oral contraceptives), the thesis demonstrates that an improved causal inference can be achieved in observational studies via the combination of multiple study designs, including cross-sectional, longitudinal and Mendelian randomization analysis. This robust study design approach together with metabolomics data can be also extended to study the molecular effects of other risk factors and drug therapies. With an improved molecular understanding of a wide range of risk factors and therapies, better understanding of disease pathogenesis is ensured.
Gender differences in Shakespeare's two comedies: Twelfth night - and Much ado about nothing
The future of men : masculinity in the twenty-first century
Sappho was a right-on woman : a liberated view of lesbianism
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Gender, modernity, and the popular press in inter-war Britain
See-through closet
Vulnerable bodies : gender, the UN and the global refugee crisis
The limits of fantasy : a comparative study of the representations of gender, ethnicity and class in the console fantasy role-playing games Lost Odyssey and Final Fantasy XIII
Womanly wiles : an analysis of women's power in four novels by Jane Austen
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
Caribbean journeys : intersections of female identity in the novels of Michelle Cliff
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics:causal inference from observational studies
NORA : Nordic journal of women's studies
Biography, gender and history : Nordic perspectives
Gender, management and market discourse : the case of gender quotas in the Swedish and Finnish media
Moors, mansions, and museums : transgressing gendered spaces in novels of the Bront e sisters
Bios, Eros and Thanatos in ancient and early modern philosophy
Sexually transmitted diseases: knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
Conversation and gender
Gender : in development cooperation
Diversity management versus gender equality : the Finnish case
Gender, images, and global contexts : programme and abstracts
Media, culture and society : an introduction
Summary.
Is it really gender? : an empirical investigation into gender effects in technology adoption through the examination of individual differences
Getting by in hard times : gendered labour at home and on the job
Womenś studies and gender research in Finland : evalution report
Sexually transmitted diseases : knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
"I was a woman who was not a woman" : power and gendered speech in Scarpetta and the Scarpetta Factor
Neolibs, neocons and gender justice : lessons from global negotiations
Feminine empowerment in Cathy Kelly's romance novels Never too late, Someone like you, Just between us
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
The social inheritance of the Holocaust : gender, culture and memory
A question of sex? : gender and difference in the Hebrew Bible and beyond
Delusions of gender : how our minds, society, and neurosexism create difference
Rosser notes that by the mid-1990's it has been predicted that there would be a severe shortage of American-trained scientists. In the belief that this would open the door for women and minorities, she prepared this assessment "of the potential of feminist pedagogical methods and theories ... to attract women and people of color to science". She documents the crisis in American education and the corresponding lack of scientists and engineers. She observes that solving the problem by the "back to basics" approach is not likely to attract women and minorities. But, her review of feminist scholarship and teaching present a counter approach that in many respects is similar to the African-American, Marxist, and non-Western paradigms, though each has its unique qualities as well.
The 3rd Gendering Asia conference
Contemporary Spanish cultural studies
Journal of LGBT Youth
The way of men
Dichotonies : gender and music
Roman homosexuality
Transgender identity formation
International security and gender
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
Mother-child conversations about gender : understanding the acquisition of essentialist beliefs
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
Baby steps : how lesbian alternative insemination is changing the world
Rockin' out of the box : gender maneuvering in alternative hard rock
Outlining gender and substance abuse
A re-reading of the Cartesian corpus from the multiple vantage points of contemporary feminism. It includes discussion of: the implications of Descartes' epistemology for feminists and feminist epistemology; the implications of his metaphysics for social constructions of women; the historical context of his intellectual relations with women; and an exploration of reasons why his female critics have been so erased from the contemporary history of philosophy.
Cyberfeminism in Northern Lights : digital media and gender in a Nordic context
Gender and communication at work
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
Freedom without permission : bodies and space in the Arab revolutions
Homosexuality : a history
Geontologies : a requiem to late liberalism
Japan's shining women : young women negotiating the transition to adulthood in Japan
Sex By Numbers : What Statistics Can Tell Us About Sexual Behaviour
Women and Men : Changing Roles, Relationships and Perceptions
The gender of science
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Making a man : gentlemanly appetites in the nineteenth-century British novel
Scenes of the apple : food and the female body in nineteenth- and twentieth-century women's writing
Women filmmakers : refocusing
The feminine mystique
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics : causal inference from observational studies
Pink blood : homophobic violence in Canada
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
Sexual orientation and the law
Changes of the prevalence of adolescent mental problems during the last decade (2003-2013)
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Ageing apparatuses at work : transdisciplinary negotiations of sex, age and materiality : enclosed articles
Introduction to gender : social science perspectives
Women's work is never done : comparative studies in caregiving, employment, and social policy reform
Is Coeducation An Untouchable Dogma? : Breaking Ground in the Introduction of Single-Sex Education
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Queer international relations : sovereignty, sexuality and the will to knowledge
Gender, agency, and coercion
American women in cartoons 1890 - 1920 : female representation and the changing concepts of femininity during the American woman suffrage movement : an empirical analysis
Gender : an ethnomethodological approach
Encyclopedia of gender and society
Choreography of touches, glances and movements between hosts and assistans on television
Rethinking sexism, gender, and sexuality
Revisiting organization theory : integration and deconstruction of gender and transformation of organization theory
Gender and the war on terrorism : the justification of war in a post-9/11 perspective
Gender regimes in transition in Central and Eastern Europe
