http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26442 student restaurants
student restaurants
On-site foodservice management : a best practices approach
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 9. Diamond generation
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 2 : Ice queen and the Spring storm
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 1 : Endless wilderness
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 6 : Memories of battle
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 5 : The dancing chefs
Perceptions of Students of Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences on the Brand of Fazer Food Services
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 4 : Resemblances
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 8. Pour your heart into it
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 11. The sun always rises
Finnish language competency as the determining factor for successfully obtaining employment in Helsinki for foreign graduates of HAAGA-HELIA's Degree Programme in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management
The business image of the restaurant Figaro : as experienced by the finnish and foreign students of Jyväskylä Polytechnic
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 10. Conditions for battle
The direct link between Finnish language competency and successful employment opportunities in Helsinki for the foreign graduate of HAAGA-HELIA's Degree Program in Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management is often diluted through hearsay and presupposition. The sheer uncertainty inherent in perceptions amongst the student body and the industry towards this issue instigated the author's decision to focus upon this topic for this thesis.    This research-based thesis aspired to uncover the link between Finnish language competencies of afore mentioned graduates and the Helsinki job market. Theoretical reference was acquired through a comprehensive review of available literature. Empirical research was conducted utilising a mixed methods approach between March and April 2009. With both qualitative and quantitative methods employed, a broad range of data was drawn upon to base conclusions. The philosophies of interpretivism and positivism were considered during the research process. Three groups constituted the avenues of response: Present students, past students and hospitality managers in Helsinki.     Data collated from these sources provided a worthwhile insight to the complex issue of the Finland's gradual internationalisation. Response from hospitality managers suggested there is a possibility for employees to obtain work regardless of their Finnish language skills. Whilst these positions were predominantly entry-level, there were examples given of foreigners successfully working at various levels of the hospitality hierarchy. Past students were equally divided over the restriction of their Finnish language skills in obtaining employment. This often was linked to whether they had remained in Finland and were still working in the hospitality industry. Present students expressed an emphasis on learning Finnish as a means to achieving desired success in Finland.    Secondary issues were raised during the data analysis stage. Perhaps the most notable was that of past and present students' positive perception of the Finnish Government's plan to introduce fees for certain international student programmes commencing in 2010.
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 3, The perfect resette
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 7 : Wolf pack
