http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26414 orphanages
orphanages
Hollow city : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
Respect!
My name's not Friday
Whitethorn
The invisibles
Jane Eyrotica
Child welfare : major themes in health and social welfare. Volume 3 : Child placement and children away from home
The orphan master's son
Florence and Giles
Wildwood Imperium
The Blues brothers : 25-vuotisjuhlaversio
From the highly acclaimed, multiple award-winning Anthony Doerr, a stunningly ambitious and beautiful novel about a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths collide in occupied France as both try to survive the devastation of World War II. Marie Laure lives with her father in Paris within walking distance of the Museum of Natural History where he works as the master of the locks (there are thousands of locks in the museum). When she is six, she goes blind, and her father builds her a model of their neighborhood, every house, every manhole, so she can memorize it with her fingers and navigate the real streets with her feet and cane. When the Germans occupy Paris, father and daughter flee to Saint-Malo on the Brittany coast, where Marie-Laure's agoraphobic great uncle lives in a tall, narrow house by the sea wall. In another world in Germany, an orphan boy, Werner, grows up with his younger sister, Jutta, both enchanted by a crude radio Werner finds. He becomes a master at building and fixing radios, a talent that wins him a place at an elite and brutal military academy and, ultimately, makes him a highly specialized tracker of the Resistance. Werner travels through the heart of Hitler Youth to the far-flung outskirts of Russia, and finally into Saint-Malo, where his path converges with Marie-Laure. Doerr's gorgeous combination of soaring imagination with observation is electric. Deftly interweaving the lives of Marie-Laure and Werner, Doerr illuminates the ways, against all odds, people try to be good to one another. Ten years in the writing, All the Light We Cannot See is his most ambitious and dazzling work.
Predestination
The tiger's wife : a novel
December boys
City of a thousand dolls
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Effects of early social-emotional and relationship experience on the development of young orphanage children
The tiger's wife
Tales of the peculiar
The orphan of Botany Bay
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
The book of Aron
Shadows of voluntourism and the connection to orphanage business in Asia and Cambodia
Songs of Willow Frost : a novel
The forbidden room
The interrupted tale
Raven's gate : The power of five : Book 1.
Earwig and the witch
Annie : collectors edition
The cider house rules
Hollow city : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Higurashi when they cry : Festival accompanying arc. 1
The secret garden
Sleeping on Jupiter
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrines peculiar children
The Blues brothers
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The hidden gallery
The flight of Gemma Hardy : a novel
Annie : special anniversary edition
Cider house rules
And now my soul is hardened : abandoned children in Soviet Russia, 1918-1930
The tigers wife
21 orphanages in West Bengal : factors determining orphaned and abandoned children's development and well-being
Gargling with tar
Orphan train : a novel
The boy at the gate
Hollow city : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children : the graphic novel
The Blues Brothers
The Cider House rules
Despite needing a heart transplant and against the advice of her doctor, Mary Catherine moves to Uganda to work at a new orphanage. Whatever time she has left, Mary Catherine wants to spend it helping children -- especially since there will be no children of her own. The only problem is Major League Baseball player Marcus Dillinger, the man she never meant to fall in love with. Neither Marcus nor Mary Catherine's other friends -- Tyler Ames and Sami Dawson -- know just how serious her heart condition is. Still, Marcus is sure in the depths of his soul that something isn't right. Ultimately his correspondence with Mary Catherine leads him on a desperate life-or-death mission to rescue her and get her to a United States hospital before time runs out. Meanwhile, Sami and Tyler struggle with issues of their own. In a season when Tyler plans to ask Sami to marry him, the very core of their relationship is in jeopardy
Like the heroine of the novel she adores, Jane Steele suffers cruelly at the hands of her aunt and schoolmaster. And like Jane Eyre, they call her wicked - but in her case, she fears the accusation is true. When she flees, she leaves behind the corpses of her tormentors. A fugitive navigating London's underbelly, Jane rights wrongs on behalf of the have-nots whilst avoiding the noose. Until an advertisement catches her eye. Her aunt has died and the new master at Highgate House, Mr Thornfield, seeks a governess. Anxious to know if she is Highgate's true heir, Jane takes the position and is soon caught up in the household's strange spell.
Brush of wings
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children : the graphic novel
Thrown together by chance as teenagers at Turning Winds Home for Girls, Nora, Ozzie, Monica, and Grace quickly bond over their troubled pasts and form their own family which they dub The Invisibles. But when tragedy strikes after graduation, Nora is left to deal with the horrifying aftermath alone as the other three girls leave home and don't look back. Fourteen years later, Nora is living a quiet, single life working in the local library. She is content to focus on her collection of first lines (her favorite opening lines from novels) and her dog, Alice Walker, when out-of-the-blue Ozzie calls her on her thirty-second birthday. But after all these years, Ozzie hasn't called her to wish a happy birthday. Instead, she tells Nora that Grace attempted suicide and is pleading for The Invisibles to convene again. Nora is torn: she is thrilled at the thought of being in touch with her friends, and yet she is hesitant at seeing these women after such a long and silent period of time. Bolstered by her friends at the library, Nora joins The Invisibles in Chicago for a reunion that sets off an extraordinary chain of events that will change each of their lives forever.
The Cider house rules
Kisses from Katie : a story of relentless love and redemption
Sent to live in a foster home in a remote Yorkshire village, Matt, a troubled fourteen-year-old English boy, uncovers an evil plot involving witchcraft and the site of an ancient stone circle.
Social adjustment of Kenyan orphaned grandchildren, perceived caregiving stresses and discipline strategies used by their fostering grandmothers
The good thief
