http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26456 brokerages
brokerages
This thesis was commissioned by a Finnish banking company, Alexandria Pankkiiriliike Oyj. The aim of the research was to find out the customer satisfaction level among the customers who had not closed a deal in a meeting. The aim was also to find out the level of proficiency of Alexandria's financial advisors and how the service quality and the selling process could be improved. The theoretical framework of the research was formed on the basis of literature related to customer satisfaction and service quality. The central concepts were customer satisfaction, perceived service quality and selling process. The empirical part of the research was conducted as a qualitative research supplemented by some typical features of quantitative research in order to gain all the information needed. The research method was chosen to be phone interviews. The target group of thirty persons was being selected from the customer's who had visited Alexandria's office in Helsinki between 1.11.-31.12-2009 and 15.2.-15.4.2010 but had not closed a deal in the meeting. There were also some other criteria that had to be met, such as the monthly income and the ability to save at least a certain amount of money monthly. Alexandria provided their data base to be used to find the contact and back ground information of the customers. A total of thirty interviews were conducted, but one needed to be disqualified since the respondent refused to answer to one section of the research questionnaire. The research findings in general revealed that the customer satisfaction level at Alexandria Banking Company is relatively high. This is because all the interviewees had not closed the deal and it could have been expected that more unsatisfied customers had been found. It seems that Alexandria's main concern does not lie in its advisors' competence level or in one larger area but in many small things. The main processes of the company seem to be working well, but it would be wise to consider the suggested small details in the selling process to gain even a better customer satisfaction level.
Customer satisfaction research : case: Alexandria Pankkiiriliike Oyj
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
