http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26458 nutritional therapy (alternative medicine)
nutritional therapy (alternative medicine)
"From the physician behind the wildly popular website NutritionFacts.org, How Not to Die reveals the groundbreaking scientific evidence behind the only diet that can prevent and reverse many of the causes of disease-related death.The vast majority of premature deaths can be prevented through simple changes in diet and lifestyle. In How Not to Die, Dr. Michael Greger, the internationally-renowned nutrition expert, physician, and founder of NutritionFacts.org, examines the fifteen top causes of premature death in America heart disease, various cancers, diabetes, Parkinson's, high blood pressure, and more and explains how nutritional and lifestyle interventions can sometimes trump prescription pills and other pharmaceutical and surgical approaches, freeing us to live healthier lives. The simple truth is that most doctors are good at treating acute illnesses but bad at preventing chronic disease. The fifteen leading causes of death claim the lives of 1.6 million Americans annually. This doesn't have to be the case. By following Dr. Greger's advice, all of it backed up by strong scientific evidence, you will learn which foods to eat and which lifestyle changes to make to live longer. History of prostate cancer in your family? Put down that glass of milk and add flaxseed to your diet whenever you can. Have high blood pressure? Hibiscus tea can work better than a leading hypertensive drug-and without  the side effects. Fighting off liver disease? Drinking coffee can reduce liver inflammation. Battling breast cancer? Consuming soy is associated with prolonged survival. Worried about heart disease (the number 1 killer in the United States)? Switch to a whole-food, plant-based diet, which has been repeatedly shown not just to prevent the disease but often stop it in its tracks. In addition to showing what to eat to help treat the top fifteen causes of death, How Not to Die includes Dr. Greger's Daily Dozen a checklist of the twelve foods we should consume every day.
Human nutrition and dietetics
Nutrition essentials and diet therapy
Manual of nutrition
The LCP solution : the remarkable nutritional treatment for ADHD, dyslexia, and dyspraxia
Anticancer : a new way of life
Nutrition and diet therapy in gastrointestinal disease
Nutrition and diet therapy
How not to die : discover the foods scientifically proven to prevent and reverse disease
Beating cancer with nutrition : clinically proven and easy-to-follow strategies to dramatically improve your quality and quantity of life and increase chances for a complete remission
The simple path to health : a guide to oriental nutrition and well-being
Eat, nourish, glow : 10 easy steps for losing weight, looking younger & feeling healthier
Impact of dietary fat on insulin sensitivity, glucose metabolism, serum lipids and coagulation factors
Discovering nutrition
Williams' basic nutrition & diet therapy
The psychology of eating : from healthy to disordered behavior
Nutrition & diet therapy : evidence-based applications
Modern nutrition in health and disease : vol. 1-2
Foundations and clinical applications of nutrition : a nursing approach
Human nutrition : edited by Catherine A. Geissler, Hilary J. Powers
Nutrition & diet therapy
Foods that fight disease : a simple guide to using and understanding phytonutrients to protect and enhance your health
Dietitian's handbook of enteral and parenteral nutrition
Williams' basic nutrition and diet therapy
Nutritional therapist and healthy eating expert Amelia Freer has helped her many celebrity clients, including Sam Smith and James Corden, to dispatch fad diets to the distant past whilst guiding them to a rejuvenated future. Now she can do the same for you.
Modern nutrition in health and disease
Food wars : the global battle for mouths, minds and markets
The importance of nutrition and diet theraphy in the management of diabetes
The food-mood solution : all-natural ways to banish anxiety, depression, anger, stress, overeating, and alcohol and drugs problems - and feel good again
Marketing nutrition : soy, functional foods, biotechnology, and obesity
Advances in nutrition research : March 17-18, 1994
Superfoods to boost your mood : foods that fight depression
Dining skills : practical interventions for the caregivers of  older adults with eating problems
Nutrition : a health promotion approach
Local Mediterranean food plants and nutraceuticals
Thammachat chuai chiwit
