http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2645 resistance (politics)
resistance (politics)
Nonviolent resistance in Lithuania : a story of peaceful liberation
In the year 2060, when people hardly ever leave the security of their houses and instead do everything online, Madeline Freeman, the seventeen-year-old daughter of the man who created the national digital school attended by all citizens, is wooed by a group of radicals who are trying to get people to "unplug."
Broken republic : three essays
Mass political violence : a cross-national causal analysis
The war against authority : from the crisis of legitimacy to a new social contract
Restructuring and resistance : diverse voices of struggle in Western Europe
The globalization reader
Humour and social protest
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
Time for revolution
Calamity
Against the wall : the art of resistance in Palestine
The Third Reich and the Christian churches
Democracy and disobedience
The Chatto book of dissent
Guitar army : rock & revolution with MC5 and The White Panther Party
Tomorrow when the war began
The beautiful truth
Organization change : creating new business line merging two corporation’s units into one
IT integration after an acquisition or a merger : how corporations could enhance their IT acquisition integration processes
June allows herself to be captured so that she can assist an assassination plot against a new Elector Primo by the rebel Patriots leader, in a graphic novel adaptation of the second book in the trilogy / Library of Congress.
In the new world of The Takeover nothing and no one will be safe. Marci must choose: love or vengeance.  One night she secretly follows her lover to a club. To her horror she discovers those closest to her, mingling freely with parasitic creatures which have secretly possessed human minds. A bloody ambush follows, leaving Marci a shadow of her former self.  Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious attacks. Ignite, the only resistance group, is disintegrating. As the world catches fire, Marci struggles to control the buzzing spectres in her own head.  Her hardest battle is between the forces of good and evil within herself. For Marci must fight. She was meant to burn.
People's Republic of Amnesia : Tiananmen revisited
The political philosophy of Michel Foucault
Protest and power in black Africa
A China more just : my fight as a rights lawyer in the world's largest communist state
Yes! I can manage, thank you!
Poems of protest, old and new : a selection of poetry
Tommy Storm
Southern bastards. Volume 1, Here was a man
The collected works of C. G. Jung. Vol. 16, The practice of the psychotherapy : essays on the psychology of the transference and other subjects
The three occupations of Latvia 1940-1991 : soviet and nazi take-overs and their consequences
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
Globalising resistance against war? : a critical analysis of a theoretical debate in the context of the British anti-war movement
Steelheart
Notes from underground
Lietuvos naikinimas ir ginti = The destruction and defence of Lithuania
Jewish resistance against the Nazis
Prodigy : the graphic novel
Eclipse the flame
The Bees : a novel
Once we were
The epistemology of resistance : gender and racial oppression, epistemic injustice, and resistant imaginations
Resisting the Holocaust
The Museum of Genocide Victims : a guide to the exhibitions : compiled by Virginija Rudienė, Vilma Jouzevičiūtė
Ashes of twilight
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
For the record, or, how we saved Port Bren with cake and other household goods
Opposing fascism : community, authority and resistance in Europe
The method
The griff : a graphic novel
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
Palestinian music and song : expression and resistance since 1900
Asterix the Gallus
Hitler's first victims and one man's race for justice
Globalizing resistance against war : theories of resistance and the new anti-war movement
Work
Power and resistance in couple therapy : a case of infidelity
'The site strikes back' : multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
Warsaw boy : a memoir of a wartime childhood
Southern bastards. Volume 2, Grid iron
Dinner with Mugabe : the untold story of a freedom fighter who became a tyrant
No! I don't need reading glasses!
The Danish resistance
The partisans
Killing Hitler : the plots, the assassins, and the dictator who cheated death
Why civil resistance works : the strategic logic of nonviolent conflict
Expect resistance : a crimethink field manual
Traitor's gate
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Evoking Polish memory : state, self and the Communist past in transition
A force more powerful : a century of nonviolent conflict
Resistance against the Third Reich, 1933-1990 : [papers from a conference sponsored by Interdisciplinary Perspectives for the Study of Europe (IPSE) at the University of Chicago and the Goethe-Institut, Chicago
The consolations of writing : literary strategies of resistance from Boethius to Primo Levi
"Poetry is the language of nonexchangeability, the return of infinite hermeneutics, and the return of the sensuous body of language. I'm talking about poetry here as an excess of language, a hidden resource which enables us to shift from one paradigm to another."--P. [4] of cover.
The winter fortress : the epic mission to sabotage Hitler's atomic bomb
The bees
The sleeping dictionary
Codename Valkyrie  : general Friedrich Olbricht and the plot against Hitler
This collection of short stories set in the Delirium world centers around Hana Tate, Lena's mother Annabel and the fierce rebel leader of the Wilds Raven. Each story was published originally as a digital novella. This collection also includes an excerpt from Replica.
Postcolonial resistance : culture, liberation and transformation
Soweto : black revolt, white reaction
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Plotting Hitler's death : the German resistance to Hitler : 1933-1945
Rhythms of the Pachakuti : indigenous uprising and state power in Bolivia
Green rage : radical environmentalism and the unmaking of civilization
Popular culture in the Middle East and North Africa : a postcolonial outlook
Street art and the war on terror  : how the world's  best graffiti artists said no to the Iraq war
Boredom and art : passions of the will to boredom
Protest, power, and change : an encyclopedia of nonviolent action from ACT-UP to womenś suffrage
The strategy of civilian defence: non-violent resistance to aggression
Germans against Hitler : the Strauffenberg plot and resistance under the Third Reich
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
Charles de Gaulle & the French resistance : a case study on the legitimacy and contention of a resistance and its leader
The uprising : on poetry and finance
Tsoi Yuen resistance and post-80s generation : a new wave of domestic social movement
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi
The Golem's eye
The coming swarm : DDoS actions, hacktivism, and civil disobedience on the Internet
Unruly masses : the other side of fin-de-siècle Vienna
Street spirit : the power of protest and mischief
Darkness at noon : rise and fall of Kalakuta Republic
Star cursed
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi of Burma
Southern bastards. Volume 3, Homecoming
Writers of the Winter Republic : literature and resistance in Park Chung Hee's Korea
"Viann and Isabelle have always been close despite their differences. Younger, bolder sister Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann lives a quiet and content life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle's father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it's not only the sisters' relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of right and wrong. With life as they know it changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquiste in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with great monstrosities, but also great humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they turn the last page"--
Resistance to the occupation of Lithuania : 1944-1990
Eagles at war
Camelot 3000 : The deluxe edition
Sonjo resistance to Christian religion
The SAGE handbook of resistance
Butcher and bolt
The protestor's handbook
The sorrows of Mexico
True belief or propaganda? : anti-Catholicism in the English pamphlets 1649-1660
Rebellion and resistance
Isaac's army : a story of courage and survival in Nazi-occupied Poland
Finland and the czar
Being a young activist in the late Mubarak era : an ethnography of political engagement in Egypt
The book of transformations
Discourse and the construction of society : comparative studies of myth, ritual, and classification
Fracture me. Book 2
Expert system implementation : Managing change in an international expert system implemention process
Desire to belong : contesting the view of Irish travellers as Deleuzian and Guattarian nomads
Aung San Suu Kyi : a portrait in words and pictures
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
Non-violence in peace and war. Vol. II
Weapons & equipment of counter-terrorism
Mind against the wall : Essays on Lithuanian culture under soviet occupation
Blueprint for revolution : how to use rice pudding, Lego men and other non-violent techniques to galvanize communities, overthrow dictators, or simply change the world
What we are fighting for : a radical collective manifesto
Shock wave
"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author comes Kristin Hannah's next novel. It is an epic love story and family drama set at the dawn of World War II. She is the author of twenty-one novels. Her previous novels include Home Front, Night Road, Firefly Lane, Fly Away, and Winter Garden"--
Confronting the bomb : a short history of the world nuclear disarmament movement
Suicide and agency : anthropological perspectives on self-destruction, personhood and power
Making change work
Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption
The nightingale
Constitutionalist insurgency in Finland : Finnish "passive resistance" against Russification as a case of nonmilitary struggle in the European resistance tradition
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
Creating a model for identification and motivation of innovation champions
Governing (through) rights
The making of a protest movement in Turkey : #occupygezi
Managing change in libraries and information services
Organizational change : factors behind success and failure : Onninen case
Firefight
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The world that was ours
Non-violence in peace and war. Vol. I
The unknown war : Armed anti-soviet resistance in Lithuania in 1944-1953
On the Cultural Revolution in Tibet : the Nyemo Incident of 1969
The light ages
Welcome to an occupied country : documentation and translation of an exhibition published by the Executive Committee First World Congress of Latvian Youth, Berlin, July 26-31, 1968.
In the shadow of the Buddha : one man's journey of spiritual discovery and political danger in Tibet
Contesting power : resistance and everyday social relations in South Asia
Defensive tactics for the security professional
The anti-soviet resistance in the Baltic states
A truly awesome collection of writings from the frontlines of anti-capitalism. 566 pages long with contributions from Poland to Portugal and from organisations including CARF, CAGE, Earth First!, EuroDusnie, Greenpeace, Peasant Solidarnosc, Workers Solidarity Movement and Ya Basta! (the list could go on and on). We may be a "circus" Mr. Blair but we sure as hell know what we are talking about (in detail, with footnotes!). If you want to really understand why the cops are beating and shooting us, these are the ideas and actions they hate.
Occupy! : scenes from occupied America
Magic and kingship in Medieval Iceland : the construction of a discourse of political resistance
