http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26405 private land
private land
The dead pass : [a Dan Starkey novel]
Abstract.
The hound of the Baskervilles
Rosemary and rue : an October Daye novel
A red-rose chain : an October Daye novel
Outline of accounting for non-industrial private woodlots
Dead men and broken hearts
Making European law : essays on the "Common Core" project
Death zones
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Legal aspects of doing business in Western Europe. Volume 1
The enforcement of judgments in Europe
Private schooling in less economically developed countries : Asian and African perspectives
Extraterritorial jurisdiction : an annotated collection of legal materials
The quiet death of Thomas Quaid
The world of private islands
The no. 1 ladies' detective agency. Volume 4
A red-rose chain : a Toby Daye novel
Human dimensions of family, farm, and community forestry : March 29 - April 1, 2004 Symposium, Washington State University, Pullman, Washington
Private law and the many cultures of Europe
Bokvurm i Tammerfors : lantmätare Gustaf Adolph Tuderus (1766-1817) bibliotek = Tampereen kirjatoukka : maanmittari Gustaf Adolph Tuderuksen (1766-1817) kirjasto = Bookworm at Tampere : land-surveyor Gustaf Adolph Tuderus' (1766-1817) library
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : draft common frame of reference (DCFR), interim outline edition
Chain of fools
Strategies and tactics for family farming : Finnish-Baltic joint seminar, Riga Latvia 1991.
Birds of a Feather
Chimes at midnight : an October Daye novel
Politics have never been Toby Daye's strong suit. When she traveled to the Kingdom of Silences to prevent them from going to war with her home, the Kingdom of the Mists, she wasn't expecting to return with a cure for elf-shot and a whole new set of political headaches. Now the events she unwittingly set in motion could change the balance of modern Faerie forever, and she has been ordered to appear before a historic convocation of monarchs, hosted by Queen Windermere in the Mists and overseen by the High King and Queen themselves. Naturally, things have barely gotten underway when the first dead body shows up. As the only changeling in attendance, Toby is already the target of suspicion and hostility. Now she needs to find a killer before they can strike again - and with the doors locked to keep the guilty from escaping, no one is safe. As danger draws ever closer to her allies and the people she loves best, Toby will have to race against time to prevent the total political destabilization of the West Coast and to get the convocation back on track ...and if she fails, the cure for elf-shot may be buried forever, along with the victims she was too slow to save.
Van Maurits naar Munster : tactiek en triomf van het Staatse leger = From prince Maurice to the peace of Westphalia : tactics and triumphs of the Dutch army
Once broken faith
Depicting management ideas of private forest owners' : an assessment of general trends in Sweden based on new theoretical ideas
Ashes of honor : an October Daye novel
The wolf in winter
Ghost story
Conflict of laws in Western Europe : a guide through the jungle
Late eclipses : an October Daye novel
Small-scale non-industrial private forest ownership in the United States : rationale and implications for forest management
Conflict of laws in the western, socialist and developing countries
The winter long : an October Daye novel
Making European private law : governance design
Protecting nature on private land - from conflicts to agreements
The diabolical Miss Hyde
Field of prey
Land tenure systems and forest policy
A local habitation : an October Daye novel
L'influence des Communautés européennes dur le droit international privé des etats membres = The influence of the European Communities upon private international law of the member states
"Maisie Dobbs must unravel a case of wartime love and death--an investigation that leads her to a doomed affair between a young cartographer and a mysterious nurse" / provided by publisher.
Putting the boot in
One salt sea : an October Daye novel
An incomplete revenge : a Maisie Dobbs novel
The First World War in 100 objects
Rules for the transfer of movables : a candidate for European harmonisation or national reforms?
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
The mapping of love and death : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Owning the earth : the transforming history of land ownership
An artificial night : an October Daye novel
The europeanisation of international family law
Management of long-distance trails on private lands in Finland
The lady from Zagreb
Sam and Twitch : the writer
The no. 1 ladies' detective agency. Volume 3
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Legal aspects of doing business in Western Europe : pocket supplement December 1985.
Cross-border civil procedural regulation in the EU: is a genuine area of justice emerging?
Wake up and dream
Farm forestry in Finland
The silent girls
Moriarty
Legal aspects of doing business in Western Europe : pocket supplement April 1987.
Echo burning
The institutional framework of european private law
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency
Privatization and control of state-owned enterprises
A slight trick of the mind
The dead pass
Archives in the European Union : report of the group of experts on the coordination of archives
The no. 1 ladies' detective agency. Volume 6
The no. 1 ladies' detective agency. Volume 5
A man lies dreaming
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
