http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26480 social marketing
social marketing
Social media users and the impact of social media on consumer purchase decision process
Personal Branding of Elite Football Players through Social Media
Social media marketing communications plan for a B2B company
Sustainable marketing : how social, environmental and economic considerations can contribute towards sustainable companies and markets
The main social media outlets used in business to business marketing : Case Study: Viexpo
How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?
The marketing century : how marketing drives business and shapes society : The Chartered Institute of Marketing
Graphis social & political protest posters
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
A study of the potential contribution of social media in marketing Gassan Diamonds to tourists in Amsterdam.
Utilizing Social Media in Marketing and in Strengthening the Corporate Image
Evaluating the Impact of Social Media on Relationship Marketing
Digital Communications Plan: Seek Tapahtumasuunnittelu
Using Facebook for marketing : case: Picnic Finland Oy
Abstract: This report is a study into the possible application of social media within the communication strategy of Gassan Diamonds, a diamond wholesaler and retailer located in Amsterdam in The Netherlands. Gassan Diamonds has yet to implement a social media strategy so a knowledge gap was identified as to how this could be done. The research consisted of studying the current uses and trends in social media and combining it with tourism trends related to Amsterdam to develop a social media strategy targeted at tourists in Amsterdam travelling outside of a tour group.
Brand development online : the importance of online media in branding today
Applicability of Social Media in Tourism Business
Strategic social marketing
Marketing and the common good : essays from Notre Dame on societal impact
Online marketing & social media : case: Mediterranean Palace Hotel, Thessaloniki
The utilization of the  renewed marketing communications concept in electronic media
The new brand spirit : how communicating sustainability builds brands, reputations and profits
Social marketing to protect the environment : what works
Marketing a crowdfunding campaign through digital marketing channels : case: The Crowdfunding Platform X
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
Fundraising with businesses : 40 new (and improved!) strategies for nonprofits
Master the publishing and entertainment world's tools and techniques for content marketing success Over the last decade the convergence of media and technology has turned the marketing world on its head. In order for brands to succeed in today's socially connected world, they must think like publishers and act like media networks. Content to Commerce shows how utilizing publishing- and entertainment-based principles can help brands and marketers use social media effectively--ultimately reaching today's hyper-connected and highly fragmented audiences. From big picture strategy to the tactics and tools require to execute, this book offers a clear approach to social media marketing for both big and small brands alike.
Developing effective online marketing : Case: Company X
Sokos Hotels St.Petersburg - Social Media Marketing Strategy
How Finnish companies use social media in China, and are cultural differences taken into account?
Facebook marketing : all in one for dummies
Guide to using social media for BelleGames
Hands-on social marketing : a step-by-step guide to designing change for good
Social media in the marketing context : a state of the art analysis and future directions
Facebook marketing : an hour a day
Facebook all-in-one for dummies
Social Media Marketing: a Case Study of Company X
Increasing the Attractiveness and Visibility of Educational In-stitutions Using Modern Marketing Channels : Case: Fontys Minor program
Branding in social media : the case of the athletic apparel and footwear industry
Evaluating the Impact of Social Media on Traditional Marketing
Social marketing : improving the quality of life
Social media marketing : an hour a day
Developing the Marketing in the Social Media : Case: Tamhockey Oy
Digital Marketing of Ninjamails
The social employee : how great companies make social media work
Collective creativity for resbonsible and sustainable business practice
MySpace music marketing : how to promote & sell your music on the world's biggest networking web site
Herd : how to change mass behaviour by harnessing our true nature
The application of digital marketing strategies to increase profits of the organization
Role of Social Media for Cosmetic Surgery
A case study of Facebook marketing approaches of two Nepali companies
As a conclusion, the social media plan is constructed based on the current social media activities of the commissioner, therefore some issues might arise when implementing the plan as the commissioner have not really established presence on social media; issue of lacking resources might come up, but it is also tried to resolve in this thesis. If the plan is implemented successfully there might be high benefit for the commissioner. As for development proposals there are endless possibilities for further measures as social media provides countless number of opportunities for companies. It would be interesting to see further measures as a thesis by a business student where the possibilities of social media in business-to-business use are exploited.
Social selling : techniques to influence buyers and changemakers
Digital marketing plan for a news agency
Museum Marketing : Marketing the Finnish Aviation Museum through Multimodal Marketing and Social Media
Social marketing : from tunes to symphonies
Guideline for companies: creating digital marketing communications plan
Stand out social marketing : 6 keys to rise above the noise, differentiate your brand and build an outstanding online presence
Evidence review : social marketing for the prevention and control of communicable diseases : insights into health communication
Digital marketing: channel integration plan : case: textile industry service provider
Twitter marketing : an hour a day
Persuasive Digital Advertising in Online Advertisement : Case Company: MarkPrint Oy
Social marketing : changing behaviors for good
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign: : Fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change.
Secrets of social media marketing : how to use online conversations and customer communities to turbo-charge your business!
The core idea of The New Brand Spirit is to let stakeholders do the talking. Conrad and Thompson have interviewed close to 100 leading practitioners from eight different stakeholder perspectives, including NGOs, shareholders and supply chain.
Visual social marketing for dummies
"As the digital landscape has changed buyers' habits it's increasingly difficult to reach them early enough in their decision-making process using traditional sales methods. Developing relationships with decision-makers through social networks has become an increasingly critical skill - enabling sales professionals to engage early on and 'hack' the buying process. Social Selling provides a practical, step-by-step blueprint for harnessing these specific and proven techniques including: - How to use networks purposefully to build social trust and create a high quality community - How to develop real influence and authority in your subject area and connect with change-makers - How to scale the social selling strategy across an organisation including maturity and investment models, risk and governance, and technology platforms"--
Practical Usage of Social Media Networks in Business - A Guideline to Facebook Utilization
Social selling luxury : Increase sales by engaging in the digital world
WEBSITE AS A MARKETING TOOL IN TOURISM : Website Design for Svanen Camping Site
Executive directors’ attitudes, subjective norms and perceived behavioural controls towards their company’s social media marketing
The marketing matrix : how the corporation gets its power and how we can reclaim it
Online Marketing Handbook for Emerging Jewelry Importer: Case Divina Katalina
Social Media and Internet Tools in the Hospitality Marketing
Community marketing: How businesses implement Web 2.0
This fully updated edition combines the latest research with real-life examples of social marketing campaigns the world over to help you learn how to apply the principles and methods of marketing to a broad range of social issues. The international case studies and applications show how social marketing campaigns are being used across the world to influence changes in behaviour, and reveal how those campaigns may differ according to their cultural context and subject matter. Every chapter is fully illustrated with real-life examples, including campaigns that deal with racism, the environment and mental health. The book also shows how social marketing influences governments, corporations and NGOs, as well as individual behaviour. The author team combine research and teaching knowledge with hands-on experience of developing and implementing public health, social welfare and injury prevention campaigns to give you the theory and practice of social marketing.
User Base Growth via Viral Marketing: The Contributory Factors : case: Ostosnero by Avansera Ltd.
Socialnomics : how social media transforms the way we live and do business
Brand management in social media : a comparative case study of two Finnish brands
Alignment of marketing strategies, objectives and measurements of company activities in social media
And the clients went wild! : how savvy professionals win all the business they want
Adaotability of global member-get-member systems for DNA's purposes : research revealing the characteristics and profitability of member-get-member systems at telecommunications sector
Social marketing
Developing and establishing a blogger outreach strategy : case ElämysLahjat.fi
Facebook marketing : what do users think of it?
How can we as consumers, company leaders or students have our needs met without adventuring the possibilities of future generations having their needs met? During recent years, the interest in sustainability issues in general and sustainable companies in particular has increased considerably, among consumers as well as company leaders, politicians, journalists and other groups. So far, there has been a lack of scientific literature reflecting a marketing perspective on the sustainability dimension. This book is the authors' attempt to fill that void and contribute to making sustainability an integral part of marketing, for instance in business models, brands, and marketing communication.
The rise of the platform marketer : performance marketing with Google, Facebook, and Twitter, plus the latest high-growth digital advertising platforms
Facebook marketing all-in-one for dummies
Impacts of social media on consumer behavior : decision making process
The sage handbook of social marketing
Let's get engaged! : crossing the threshold of marketing's engagement era : proceedings of the 2014 Academy of Marketing Science (AMS) Annual Conference
The importance of social media in building  customer loyalty for Company X
Social Media Marketing for Business-to-Business Organizations
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : promoting sustainability through action and research
Principles and practice of social marketing : an international perspective
Effective Social Media Marketing and Content Marketing Influence Customer Awareness and Interest in Bakery Industry  The Case Study of Royal Bakery
EKE-Rakennus Oy Social Media Marketing Case Study
Digital Marketing Strategy for B2B : Case Study: Smurfit Kappa Pirkan Pakkaus Oy
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change
Guerrilla music marketing handbook : 201 self-promotion ideas for songwriters, musicians and bands on a budget
Social media marketing : how data analytics helps to monetize the user base in telecoms, social networks, media and advertising in a converged ecosystem
"How can we use this new social media channel most effectively to drive more revenue, profit, brand and share at highest ROI and least risk?" --The concepts in this book can be applied to any social marketing channel and any combination of traditional and social media. --ROI of Social Media is truly global in nature presenting case studies from around the world including Dell (Europe), Comcast (North America), Guinness Anchor Berhad (Malaysia) and Microsoft Asia Pacific. With this range of case studies, the reader will be able to apply these concepts to their business whether they are based in New York, Shanghai, London or Sydney. --The book presents with an 8-step process to strategize, develop, implement and measure an effective social marketing strategy. -- Book Jacket.
Social media in wood products marketing and collecting of end user driven product development ideas
Content to commerce : engaging consumers across paid, owned and earned channels
Arts, heritage, non-profit and social marketing today comprise key components of the contemporary marketing management scene. Governments, charities and voluntary sector organisations throughout the world are increasingly involved in the development of marketing campaigns, and more and more of these organisations are likely to be at the cutting edge of the application of the very latest marketing methods. Research in the arts, heritage, non-profit and social marketing fields is intellectually rigorous, relevant for user communities, and has a great deal to offer to marketing theory as well as to promotional practice. This book presents a collection of stimulating articles that report some of the freshest and most innovative research and thinking in the authors' specialist domains. Collectively the chapters offer a balance of empirical and conceptual research in arts, heritage, non-profit and social marketing. They explore new ideas, challenge pre-existing orthodoxies, develop knowledge, and demonstrate the epistemological importance of current research in these critical areas. This book was originally published as a special issue of the Journal of Marketing Management
Understanding digital marketing : marketing strategies for engaging the digital generation
Social media in marketing communications planning for entrepreneurs
Social marketing : influencing behaviors for good
The success of communication in the Adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
A complete must-read guide for anyone wanting to turn their hobby, craft or art skills into a successful business. Covering everything you ever wanted to know, Fiona gives clear, simple advice on the importance of identifying markets, focusing on a USP, assessing the competition, making sure the price is right and setting goals. The book includes sections on product photography, branding. and legal matters. The book has particular emphasis on online selling, with detailed information on markets, blogging, using social media and the importance of analytics and SEO (search engine optimisation). Information on offline selling is included too, with notes on on selling at craft fairs, trade fairs and markets, selling through retail outlets, running courses and workshops, and featuring work in the media.
Abstract: In the PR and Communications industry there has been a dramatic shift in the effectiveness of bought channels vs. earned media. The client of this research project, Miltton Oy has developed its PR and Communications business by focusing on earned media models successfully over the last 10 years. Miltton sees social media as the fastest growing earned media channel. Miltton Oy has expressed interest in finding how corporations can better use social media in corporate communications. While Finnish companies have been slower to accept social media, the situation is changing and they need to keep up with it. The research answers the question: "How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?". It has the purpose of providing the client with findings that can be used for pitching innovative social media consulting to potential customers. The research questions help the client clarify why social media is important for business and what are the best ways to utilize it taking into consideration the changing marketplace. The significance of the differences between web 1.0 and web 2.0 technologies are researched as an initial step. Furthermore the nature of web 2.0 as a dual way channel for communication is emphasized. It is apparent that traditional businesses must adapt to the increased liberalization of social media and adopt a different approach. Evidence suggests that instead of being focused on their products and services companies should try to build long lasting relationships with their clients. Different reasons for companies to enter the social media marketplace were explored. Companies pursue specific goals and try to extend their business operations in a new channel. Social media is utilized by companies for branding and reputation management, marketing and advertising, community management and customer service. Corporate communications are often incorporated in brand management. The findings indicated that marketing is used less and companies are orienting to build more honest relationships with their customers. Determining success factors and measuring them was the second area explored in more detail. Engagement proved to be a factor that companies consider very important. Furthermore it became apparent that ROI is difficult to measure in social media, as the quantitative metrics used fail to illustrate why conversations happen and what their sentiment and outcome is. Primarily quantitative in its nature ROI focuses on deriving the business value for activities and while a study proves that there is a correlation between financial performance and social media engagement the cause of that relationship is not causal. However a pattern was observed that 7 of the top engaging brands in social media utilize a customer mindset to conduct a healthy business cycle. Thirdly the amount of time and effort that companies spend developing their social media presence was examined. A minimum amount of 5-6 hours proved to be the common way of experimenting and integrating social media within businesses at a very basic level. A classification by Owyang and Altimeter Group showed that initial budgets of companies are quite modest while more experienced and mature companies were using almost the same amounts. Finally to put everything into the perspective of the Finnish market a consumer research on trust provided by the client of this research project was used. The main trust building factors for Finns were personal recommendations, having positive brand experience, brands being proactive, brands providing value not for the purpose of sales alone and being honest and transparent. These key findings helped bind the research together and devise an action plan that companies can use for their social media efforts in the Finnish market. It became apparent that in order to build trust through social media companies should concentrate on developing transparent and honest relationships with clients. Rather than pushing its marketing and advertising to the consumer the company would instead become attractive and pull people to its brand. The research showed social media is the correct platform for those trust factors. In order to fulfill them, companies would have to think less of what their brand wants to say and focus on what its stakeholder groups and clients would like to talk about and develop relationships around those conversations taking place in social media. As a conclusion it can be said that the marketplace has changed and people do not feel obliged to do business with brands just because of their image. Honest and transparent relationships can help brands become friends with their clients and establish trust. Social media is best suited as a relationship building tool, rather than a marketing tool. Through those relationships brands can become attractive enough for people to seek them out themselves.
Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences Social Media Marketing Campaign
The boomer's ultimate guide to social media marketing : learn how to navigate the digital highway
Sport clubs' health promotion activities for the surrounging communities : a comparative case study of Columbus Blue Jackets, HJK and Sotkamon Jymy
The world of social media is becoming more visual by the day, but do you know how to harness the power of visual social marketing to grow your business? This guide shows you the hottest social media sites to engage users, drive visitors to your website, and build your brand.
The nature of marketing : marketing to the swarm as well as the herd
Adding value through social media : case Autokiila
The Internet as a cost-effective marketing tool for small businesses : case Jukeboxing
Social Marketing Environmental Issues
Developing Tourism Web Service for Russian Tourists: Case Moi Helsinki
Social media and Internet marketing's influence on decision making process of German nature tourists
The new influencers : a marketer's guide to the new social media
This is social media : how to tweet, post, link and blog your way to business success
Deconstructing the no impact week experience : a case study of a social marketing campaign aimed at sustainable consumption
Opportunities of social media marketing for a game company
Craft a creative business : making & marketing a successful creative business
A study of the potential contribution of social media in marketing Gassan Diamonds to tourists in Amsterdam
The Future Development of The New County Hotel
Advertising in social media - effective or not?
The Future Improvement of Darry Ring and its "only" Marketing Strategy
Social commerce : marketing, technology and management
The current development and trends of social media marketing strategies for businesses : case study on an internet marketing company : Lead Creation
Blog marketing in tourism : case study: Outdoors Finland for Bloggers 2014
Social marketology : improve your social media processes and get customers to stay forever
This is social media : tweet, blog, link and post your way to business success
Social media marketing & Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences
Factors that make a marketing cam-paign go viral : Case study: Campaign ”Share a Coke” by Coca Cola in Vietnam
The Effects of Social Media in the Hotel Sector: A report for WinHotels
Social marketing : doing well by doing good? a look into organizations? marketing communication campaigns on social issues in Finland
Facebook marketing for dummies
Satellite marketing : using social media for improving customer participation and engagement
Facebook marketing for dummies / Paul Dunay and Richard Krueger
Abstract: Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change. This paper is a research performed for finding solutions to increase the amount of waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea. The paper presents the main characteristics that differentiate social marketing from the traditional business marketing most important being the attributes of the product and its cost. They are presented the among the relevant theories for understanding what social marketing is. The implementation of the theory is supported by reviewing relevant literature and demonstrating case studies. Social marketing is more than advertising. As in business marketing, the best result requires the consistent use of the whole marketing mix. The process starts by indicating the target audience and the barriers they face for performing the desired behaviour. The benefits of the behaviour have to be highlighted in contrast to costs. The message has to be developed to be personal, easy to understand and remember and it has to clearly state what is expected from the audience. Among various tools, the most powerful tool in increasing the motivation of the people was noticed to be to generate involvement and empowering the people in the target audience. The paper works as an overview of the problems and solutions. Lack of deep primary and secondary research prevented the development of a proper and extensive marketing plan.
Facebook, Twitter & YouTube : A social media guide for the city of Ravensburg
Proprietary Audience Development audit for an independent record label: case Top Billin Music
LinkedIn for dummies
Marketing Communications of a Hotel in Social Media
Digital selling : how to use social media and the web to generate leads and sell more
New horizons in arts, heritage, nonprofit and social marketing
Social media marketing for digital photographers
Pre-event Social Media Marketing To Promote Ticket Sales : Case: Eläköön koirat!
"The digital landscape has changed buyers' habits. Sales professionals now need to develop relationships with decision-makers through social networks to reach them early in the decision making process.Social Sellingprovides a practical, step-by-step outline for harnessing the skills and techniques necessary to achieve this, including developing a high quality community, building trust, developing authority and influence, and connecting with changemakers. It also discusses enterprise implementation of a social selling strategy, maturity and investment models necessary, risk and governance, and technology platforms. The chapters feature tips, checklists, and theoretical examples"--
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
The role of Internet marketing in finnish tourism industry
Marketing management and strategy : an African casebook
Traditional and social media marketing comparison : case: the Coca-Cola Company
Tourism and social marketing
Consumer behavior and cultural effects on taboo products
The new rules of marketing and PR : how to use news releases, blogs, podcasting, viral marketing, & online media to reach buyers directly
Developing a social media marketing strategy for the horse industry customer group : Case: Avant Tecno UK LTD
Social marketing for public health : global trends and success stories
