http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2641 health care
health care
Effects of developing country policies on agricultural services, extension, rural infrastructure and energy, health care, water and sanitation
How do chinese immigrants experience the Finnish health care system and does it meet their needs : in the metropolitan area in Finland
Towards a comparative institutionalism : forms, dynamics and logics across the organizational fields of health care and higher education
8 weeks to optimum health : a proven program for taking full advantage of your body's natural healing power
The most important needs to start the use of ICT in the health promotion and care in Zambia
Reshuffling responsibilities in old age : The United States in a comparative perspective
Designing patient registry software for Kenyan healthcare
Abstract.
Characteristics of Demand on Medical Tourism from the Republic of Karelia, Russia, to Finland
Health information technology in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Community pharmacies and the needs of mobile EU citizens : a study on Finns living in Spain
Yhteenveto - Summary.
Hair care :  an illustrated dermatologic handbook
The cat owner's handbook
The Melt method : a breakthrough self-treatment system to eliminate chronic pain, erase the signs of aging, and feel fantastic in just 10 minutes a day!
Health promotion for nurses : theory and practice
Decontamination of wearable textile electrodes for medical and health care applications
The Delphi technique in nursing and health research
Women's health for life : medical advice you can trust : symptoms, treatment, prevention
The search for health needs : research for health visiting practice
Ethnically diverse patients’ perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings : A Literature Review
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
The way of energy : mastering the art of internal strength with chi kung exercise
Microbiologists Brett Finlay and Marie-Claire Arrieta explain how the trillions of microbes that live in and on our bodies influence childhood development; why an imbalance of those microbes can lead to obesity, diabetes, and asthma, among other chronic conditions; and what parents can do -- from conception on -- to positively affect their own behaviors and those of their children. They describe how natural childbirth, breastfeeding, and solid foods influence children’s microbiota. They also offer practical advice on matters such as whether to sterilize food implements for babies, the use of antibiotics, the safety of vaccines, and why having pets is a good idea.
Medical tourism : a global analysis
Non-surgical cure for appendicitis and mastoiditis
A business plan for a new type of medical centre in Eastern Finland
Ready, set, grow! : a "what's happening to my body?" book for younger girls
Constructive awareness : Alexander technique and the spiritual quest
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
Naturally pain free : prevent and treat chronic and acute pains ... naturally
Health & social care in the community
Health risks and developmental transitions during adolescence
Health communication : theory & practice
Leadership for nursing and allied health care professions
You are how you move : experiential chi kung
Health and nutrition secrets that can save your life
Ethical Issues on eHealth
Allergy :  an atlas of investigation and management
Psychological features characterizing oral health behavior, diabetes self-care and health status among IDDM patients
Europe without frontiers : the implications for health
Goop clean beauty
The vitamin D solution : a 3-step strategy to cure our most common health problem
Nordic health care systems : recent reforms and current policy challenges
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Healthcare facilitators' and students' conceptions of teaching and learning : an international case study
Annales hygieniae et medicinae socialis Fenniae
Infant mortality in Greenland
Keeping hope alive : how one Somalian woman changed 90,000 lives
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Medical tourism
The Alexander technique in everyday life
The Professional handbook of the donkey
Sociology of health and health care : an introduction for nurses
Mind-blowing foot massage : use the power of massage and reflexology to soothe, heal, energize and exite
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
Angel detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical, and energetic toxins
Encyclopedia of pets & pet care : the essential family reference guide to pet breeds and pet care
Managing the clinical resource : an action-guide for health care professionals
Beyond heroes : a lean management system for healthcare
Shaman healer, sage : how to heal yourself and others with the energy medicine of the Americas
Sexually transmitted diseases in Greenland : a statement with proposals for new strategies
Practice-based perspective on technology acceptance : analyzing bioactive point of care testing
The immune system recovery plan : a doctor's 4-step program to treat autoimmune disease
The 8 hour diet : watch the pounds disappear without watching what you eat
Building therapeutic relationships with mental health clients in primary care settings : a literature review
Green care : a conceptual framework / editors: Joe Sempik, Rachel Hine, Deborah Wilcox
Tetanus in Greenlandic soil
The volume examines ongoing dynamics within the organizational fields of health care and higher education, as seen from an institutional theory perspective. To date, few studies have attempted to compare developments across these two critical societal sectors and actors.
Mentoring in nursing and healthcare : a practical approach
Form : Magazine for Nordic architecture and design
The complete textbook of animal health and welfare
Angel Detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical and energetic toxins
Multicultural competence in nursing : experience of patients and families
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
Longyearbyen hospital : the northernmost hospital in the world
PREVENTION AS A MODEL OF HEALTH PROMOTION OF KIDNEY FAILURE IN COLLABORATION WITH THE NEPHROLOGY DEPARTMENTS AT HELSINKI UNIVERSITY CENTRAL HOSPITAL, KOLMIO SAIRAALA WARD 6B
Histories of different municipal hospitals
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
"A revised and updated edition of the classic handbook for women seeking a safe, organic, eco-friendly, and natural pregnancy, featuring an integrative-based approach with new medical, herbal, and nutritional information. Over the last two decades, The Natural Pregnancy Book has ushered thousands of women through happy and healthy pregnancies. Addressing women's health from conception to birth, Dr. Romm describes herbs that can promote and maintain a healthy pregnancy, and allays such familiar concerns as anxiety, fatigue, morning sickness, and stretch marks. She also discusses the components of a healthy diet, with an emphasis on natural foods. New to this edition is integrative health advice based on Dr. Romm's new credentials as a Yale-trained physician, combined with her twenty years of experience as a midwife and herbalist"--
The dog owner's handbook
Ch'i : the power within : chi kung breathing exercises for health,relaxation and energy
A survey of hospital conditions in Helsinki before the existence of municipal hospitals
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to explore the experiences of Chinese immigrants living in the Metropolitan area in Finland on the Finnish health care services and does it meet their needs. The study is part of the LOG-Sote project (Local and Global development in the social and health care), which aims to improve the health care services in Finland towards more immigrant friendly direction. Increasing knowledge about new cultures improves the interaction with patients from different cultural environments and social backgrounds. The Chinese immigrants are the fifth biggest immigrant group in Finland and their experiences on the Finnish health care services have not been explored before. Fourteen individual interviews were conducted during September and October 2011. All the participants were Chinese who are living in the Metropolitan area in Finland. The participants arrived to Finland between the years 1989 and 2005 and the reasons for the arrival varied. The data collection method was semi-structured interviews with open-ended questions. Data was analyzed by using the inductive content analysis. The results showed that generally the Finnish health care services are valued and the system is good. The Chinese trusted the Finnish health care workers' professionalism and the quality of the care was high according to the participants. The Chinese immigrants felt valued and equal to the native Finns. Few of the participants said that the access to the services and the care received was better to the immigrants than to the Finns, nevertheless, majority of the participants had difficulties when accessing the care. They did not understand how the Finnish health care system works or where to seek help. Health care workers' lack of facial expressions leaded to feelings that the staff was cold towards the Chinese. Language created problems when accessing the care while communicating with the health care workers. Even though the language was a big problem, participants mentioned that the Finns have a good heart and are helpful in problematic situations. The results of the study indicate that cultural competence should be increased among the Finnish health care staff in order to respond the needs of the immigrant groups from different backgrounds. Information on the Finnish health care should be provided in multiple languages so that the access and understanding of the system would be easier. The health care workers should encounter the patient with smile and show emotions on their faces.
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Cultural competence in health education and health promotion
Distributive principles in health care
The inception of the municipal hospital service, the Fever hospital, the Municipal hospital, and the Cholera hospital
Tales of money and blood : narratives of patients constructing corruption in Tanzanian public health care
Improving pharmacotherapy in older people : a clinical approach
Understanding nursing care
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Validity of Greenlandic mortality statistics
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
Promotion of child growth in Vietnam : case study: an application of the PRECEDE-PROCEED-model to assess needs for an intervention
Teamwork in primary health care
Peat in balneology and health care
Supporting self-care of chronically ill children
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
Nutrition in clinical practice
Utilization and appropriateness of self-medication in Finland
Spondylolisthesis : a common cause of back pain in Greenland
Effect of waiting time on health outcomes and service utilization : a prospective randomized study on patients admitted to hospital for hip or knee replacement
Understanding healthcare information
Research for evidence-based practice in healthcare
Simple skincare beautiful skin : a back-to-basics approach
Painless English : terveydenhuoltoalan englantia. 1, Texts & exercises
A public health care puzzle
The health of our children : decennial supplement : the Registrar General's decennial supplement for England and Wales
Healthy pregnancy
The natural health bible for women : the complete guide for women of all ages
The Practice Nurse : theory and practice
Blood mercury concentrations in birthgiving Greenlandic women
Effortless healing : 9 simple ways to sidestep illness, shed excess weight and help your body fix itself
A three months survey of gonorrhea in the VD-clinic of Nuuk, Greenland
Eco dog : healthy living for your pet
Breathe better, feel better : learn to increase your energy, control anxiety and anger, relieve health problems, and just relax with simple breathing techniques
Safe pharmacotherapy : national guide for pharmacotherapy in social and health care : an abbreviated version
Social work practice in home health care
A method for evaluating the load of patient transfers
The international development of health psychology
Information technology in health care 2007 : proceedings of the 3rd international conference on information technology in health care: socio-technical approaches
The natural pregnancy book : your complete guide to a safe, organic pregnancy and childbirth with herbs, nutrition, and other holistic choices
Total detox plan : cleanse and revitalise your system and see the difference in seven days
Abstract: Multicultural or Transcultural nursing is globally an important aspect of nursing today. it is very important for all healthcare providers to be aware of the existence of cultural differences and appreciate the differences of multiple and various differentiations in healthcare values, beliefs and customs. This knowledge helps in providing a holistic care to the patients. This final project was a part of the LOG-Sote a large research project that focuses on the health issues of ethnic minorities. The purpose of this final project study was to describe patients and families experiences of healthcare services received in multicultural environment. Eight research articles were used for the literature review. The data were collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL AND PUBMED. The articles found described the patients and family members' experiences in different healthcare environment. Two categories and subcategories were found in the patients' and families' experiences. Stress and culture; they are faced with overwhelming stress such as fear about uncertain outcomes of illness, lack of communication and information, changes in roles and responsibility, vulnerability, emotional turmoil and financial concerns, disappointments from the healthcare setting and societal discrimination and migration. However, they depend on their cultural beliefs and values, it protection and their religious practices and this also increase the anxiety. Majority of the participants had experienced stress and felt they had been treated in a biased way. Few participant in the research articled analyzed expressed satisfaction in the care received. Hospitalized patients and families are subjected to stress and this invariably affects the quality of care they receive. This signifies there is a need for more educational awareness in multiculturalism and in its competence.
The work done by the board of health in the field of nursing
The Gale encyclopedia of nursing & allied health. Volume 2, D - H
Let them eat dirt : saving your child from an oversanitized world
Living with the enemy : coping with the stress of chronic illness using CBT, mindfulness and acceptance
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system performance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
Innovative care for chronic conditions : building blocks for action
Get fit with your dog : a companion guide to health
Some economics of health care provision and the stated preference approach
Clinical guidelines for chronic conditions in the European Union
Spa business
Interventions for occupational stress management among nurses : A systematic literature review
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
A guide for immigrants about health care system in Finland : Terveysnetti
Journal of nursing management
This paper offers a portrayal of how affective computing and persuasive technologies can converge into an effective tool for interfacing biomedical engineering with behavioral sciences and medicine. We describe the characteristics, features, applications, present state of the art, perspectives, and trends of both streams of research. In particular, these streams are analyzed in light of the potential contribution of their convergence for improving computer-mediated health-care systems, by facilitating the modification of patients' attitudes and behaviors, such as engagement and compliance. We propose a framework for future research in this emerging area, highlighting how key constructs and intervening variables should be considered. Some specific implications and challenges posed by the convergence of these two technologies in health care, such as paradigm change, multimodality, patients' attitude improvement, and cost reduction, are also briefly addressed and discussed.
Abstract: Use and introduction of medicinal plants with adaptogen effects in Finland.
The art of chi kung : making the most of your vital energy
The total detox plan : a comprehensive programme to cleanse your mind and body
Away with all pests : an English surgeon in People's China: 1954-1969
Determinants of institutional care at older ages in Finland
Testing treatments : better research for better healthcare
For life
Chinese immigrants to Finland : a qualitative study of housing, employment, access to health care and child care as sociological dimensions in their settlement process
Health psychology in global perspective
The health and wellbeing problems of the families with children have become more complex today. Improving preventive services and facilitating an early intervention in health and wellbeing problems of the families are the main challenges. A better interprofessional collaboration (IPC) of the professionals is needed to maintain the well-being level of the families high. These are skills to be learned during undergraduate education. An interprofessional pair training (IPT) for maternity and child health clinics was implemented in collaboration with primary health care centre and two universities of Oulu to develop an interprofessional education (IPE) model for undergraduate level students. Fifth year medical students (n = 101) and fourth year public health nurses (n = 31) and teachers participated in the training program during 2010-2012. The study aimed at investigating students' attitudes and readiness for interprofessional learning (IPL), at strengthening their professional skills and at gathering clients' experiences. The interprofessional student pairs met with the client visits independently. One pair contacted three clients during the day. They examined and observed the examination of the other pair. The feedback was collected from the students and the clients. Students' attitudes and readiness for IPL were assessed using RIPLS (Readiness for interprofessional learning scale). Both medical and nurse students attached great importance to teamwork and collaboration. Nurse students appreciated the learning of roles and responsibilities more important in comparison to the medical students. A tendency for stronger professional identity among medical student was noted. The clients' expectations were fulfilled. The training periods gave valuable experience to develop IP pair training for collaborative practices in primary health care and undergraduate health care education. The study results are important for curriculum development as well.
Dilemmas in health care
Baby & child health : everything you need to know
Evidence-based healthcare & public health : a journal for health policy & management
The alkaline cleanse : a seven-day detox
Girl stuff : your full-on guide to the teen years
"Mountains Beyond Mountains" takes us from Harvard to Haiti, Peru, Cuba and Russia, as the charismatic but flawed genius Dr Paul Farmer challenges widely-held preconceptions about poverty and healthcare. As a medical student, Farmer found his life's calling: to cure infectious diseases and to bring the lifesaving tools of modern medicine - so readily available in the developed world - to those who need them most. Beginning in Haiti, he tackles the conditions that contribute to so many unnecessary deaths with his trademark combination of world-class expertise, unlimited compassion, and the unstinting dedication of friends and colleagues. Tracy Kidder's magnificent and moving account shows how, from achieving this modest dream, one person can make a difference in solving global problems through a clear-eyed understanding of the interaction of politics, wealth, social systems and medicine.
Essential dog : the ultimate owner's guide to caring for your dog
ubiPILL mobile client for helping nurses to remotely monitor patient's medicine taking and set alarm times
"The ultimate beauty guide from the experts at GOOP--the trusted resource for healthy, mindful living, curated by Gwyneth Paltrow Millions of women around the world turn to the clean-living team at GOOP for beauty advice. From nontoxic product recommendations, red carpet- (and everyday-) ready hair and makeup tutorials, to guidance on aging, acne, and antioxidants, GOOP has become the go-to resource for head-to-toe beauty. Finally, the editors of GOOP have curated their greatest tips and recommendations, favorite detox recipes, workout plans, and hair and makeup looks in one must-have guide. Featuring more than 100 gorgeous photos and extensive Q&As from GOOP's family of expert contributors, GOOP CLEAN BEAUTY will shed a definitive light on the importance of diet, sleep, exercise, and clean beauty products, while offering tactical advice for healthy, glowing skin and hair that starts from the inside out. The first curated book from the top name in clean-living, GOOP CLEAN BEAUTY is the one resource women need to feel, and look, their best every day"--
Health and wealth through knowledge : information system solutions in the health care sector
The work done by the social welfare board in the medical field
the Work of the Norwegian Women's Public Health Association during 25 years : February 26th, 1896 - February 26th, 1921.
1001 little ways to look younger
Development and application of comprehensive medication review procedure to community-dwelling elderly
Vegan for her : the women's guide to being healthy and fit on a plant-based diet
Mountains beyond mountains
Information literacy as a social phenomenon in the nursing environment
Collaborative learning in maternity and child health clinics
Acts and omissions
Dr. Pitcairn's complete guide to natural health for dogs & cats
Summary (s. 3-9).
Erikoissairaanhoidon hoitoonpääsy vuosina 2007–2012 = Tillgången till specialiserad sjukvård åren 2007–2012 = Access to services in specialised health care in 2007–2012
Multicultural competence in nursing: experience of patients and families.
Roma and traveller inclusion in Europe. : green questions and answers
Perceptions of Somalis in Finland about tuberculosis
Change your brain, change your body : reach your ideal weight, look younger, boost your energy
A bibliography of Chinese sources on medicine and public health in the People's Republic of China : 1960-1970
On the Convergence of Affective and Persuasive Technologies in Computer-Mediated Health-Care Systems
BMC health services research
How to present at meetings
Revive! : end exhaustion and feel great again
Being a girl
Interaction as determining element of experienced service quality : a healthcare example
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
Health and health care in modern Britain
Cinahl : cumulative index to nursing and allied health
The body repair and maintenance manual
Good medicine : safe, natural ways to solve over 75 common health problems
Preparing health care workers for northern practice : toward a solution for retention problems in the Nishnawbe-Aski first nations of Ontario, Canada
Rural health development in Tanzania : a case-study of medical sociology in a developing country
Yoga basics : stretches to tone, energize and de-stress
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2013 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2013 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2013
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
Qigong for health and martial arts : exercises & meditation
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
The way of Qigong : the art and science of Chinese energy healing
The Gale encyclopedia of nursing & allied health. Volume 3, I - O
Dog owner's home veterinary handbook
Studies in health insurance and econometrics
Therapeutic breathing exercise
Tobacco and health
Presents a revolutionary program that recognizes the crucial role of the body's connective tissue and boosts the body's natural healing and repair mechanisms.
Gonorrhoea in the Sukkertoppen medical district in Greenland in the period 1984-1985
E-health projects in India
Qi gong for beginners : eight easy movements for vibrant health
Health education
Epidemiology and control of chronic diseases in circumpolar Eskimo/Inuit populations
The Alexander technique workbook : the complete guide to health, poise and fitness
Spa management : the world ́s only spa management journal
Starting yoga : a step-by-step programme for health and wellbeing
HIV and the Greater Mekong Subregion : strategic directions and opportunities
The volunteers : means and ends in a national organization
The smart girl's guide to growing up
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Fit, healthy & intoxicated : a self-help book for alcohol lovers
The disease delusion : conquering the causes of chronic illness for a healthier, longer, and happier life
The Gale encyclopedia of nursing & allied health. Volume 1, A - C
The cat owner's manual
Fundamentals of human nutrition : for students and practitioners in the health sciences
"The Delphi Technique in Nursing and Health Research is a practical guide to using the Delphi methodology for students and researchers in nursing and health. It adopts a logical step-by-step approach, introducing the researcher to the 'Delphi', outlining its development, analysing key characteristics and parameters for the successful application of the Delphi and exploring its applications in nursing and health. The book addresses issues of methodology, design, framing the research question, sampling, instrumentation, methodological rigour, reliability and validity, and methods of data analysis. The Delphi Technique in Nursing and Health Research enables the reader to be aware of the limitations of the technique and possible solutions, to design a Delphi questionnaire for each of the different rounds of a study, to consider different approaches to the technique in relation to a study, to analyse the data from each round of a Delphi study and understand the importance of feedback between rounds. Key Points "A practical guide to facilitate use of the 'Delphi' technique, provides the reader with the necessary information to participate in and conduct Delphi studies, examines different types of Delphi, including the e-Delphi, and modifications made to the technique, includes examples of real empirical investigations, brief case scenarios and key learning points for each chapter, explores the role of the Delphi researcher, explore ethical issues and issues of anonymity, use of experts and controlled feedback"--Provided by publisher.
Developmental health and the wealth of nations : social, biological, and educational dynamics
Positions constructed in specialist health care for patients experiencing intimate partner violence
Community healt nursing : an alliance for health
Oxford handbook of primary care and community nursing
Death is a social disease : public health and political economy in early industrial France
Managing stress with qigong
Maximise your health with the blood type diet : a revolutionary plan to achieve optimum wellness
ubiPILL Mobile Client for Helping Nurses to Remotely Monitor Patient’s Medicine Taking and Set Alarm Times
A new international health order : an inquiry into the international relations of world health and medical care
Evidence-based healthcare
Help! : they need somebody!
A guide for caring Muslim patient
What's happening to me?
