http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26426 sexual fantasies
sexual fantasies
Thinking dead : what the zombie apocalypse means
Arousal : the secret logic of sexual fantasies
Perfect days
Love and rockets : New stories. no.3
In the garden of desire : understanding the intimate world of women's sexual fantasies
The square
No ordinary love story
Dominatrix : gender, eroticism, and control in the dungeon
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
The first bad man : a novel
Grey
Fifty shades darker
Notebooks of the young wife
R. Crumb's sex obsessions
Psychological perspectives on human sexuality
The first bad man
Grey : Fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Beyond my control : forbidden fantasies in an uncensored age
The soul of sex : cultivating life as an act of love
Fifty shades of grey
After saving Okinawa from invasion, Sarasa and Shuri must go their separate ways. The revelation of Sarasa's true gender does not lose her any friends, but it brings a horrifying message from Tatara's envoys / WorldCat.
Fifty shades of Grey
Sexuality in role-playing games
In this groundbreaking and provocative book, originally published as In the Garden of Desire, renowned sex therapist Wendy Maltz and journalist Suzie Boss guide you through the fascinating world of women's sexual fantasies, showing how they often hold the key to increased sexual pleasure. Private Thoughts describes the most common fantasy roles for women, illuminates fantasy's diverse functions, explores where fantasies come from, explains how to change unwanted or troublesome fantasies, and offers readers straightforward advice for talking about fantasies with a lover. The authors draw on insights gained from years of clinical experience, professional research, and intimate interviews with women of all ages and lifestyles who revealed deliciously original, sensuous, and erotic stories. Entertaining as well as informative, Private Thoughts takes readers on a unique journey of passion, pleasure, and self-discovery.
My secret garden : women's sexual fantasies
Sarasa's plan to attract King Ukon's magistrate away from her allies pays off, but not without a price. She finds herself questioning her identity as the dawn of a critical battle approaches / WorldCat.
Male fantasies. Vol. 2, Male bodies : psychoanalyzing the white terror
The little death
Blackness and sexualities
Male fantasies. 1, Women, floods, bodies, history
Producing desire : changing sexual discourse in the Ottoman Middle East, 1500-1900
