http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26474 printed electronics
printed electronics
Introduction to printed electronics
Comparison of sintering methods and conductive adhesives for interconnections in inkjet-printed flexible electronics
This book describes in detail modern technologies for printed electronics, explaining how nanotechnology and modern printing technology are merging to revolutionize electronics fabrication of thin, lightweight, large, and inexpensive products. Readers will benefit from the explanations of materials, devices and circuits used to design and implement the latest applications of printed electronics, such as thin flexible OLED displays, organic solar cells, OLED lighting, smart wallpaper, sensors, logic, memory and more.
Printed electrochemical biosensor principles and applications
Paper for printed electronics and functionality
The PrintoCent Start & Run project builds a centre of printed intelligence activity in Oulu.  The centre offers product development and production services to companies. PrintoCent  creates a centre for companies, where they can utilise a high-level production environment  and the related services located in the neighbourhood. By utilising the services created by  PrintoCent, the companies can start the printed intelligence based business more quickly  and with less risk.
In this thesis several novel inks based on dry inorganic powders enabling magnetic, piezoelectric and memory resistive (memristive) function were researched for printed electronics applications. Low curing temperature screen-printable magnetic inks for high frequency applications based on dry cobalt nanoparticles were developed in the first part of the work. Three publications were achieved. The first one concentrated on ink formulation and its process development, the second on the utilization of multifunctional surfactant, and the third on the development of the inks for plastic substrates. The magnetic inks developed were cured at 120 °C. The electrical performance, microstructure, surface quality and mechanical durability of printed and cured layers were investigated. Relative permeability values up to 3 and related loss tangents up to 0.01 were achieved at 2 GHz frequency, as well as a pull-off strength of up to 5.2 MPa. The maximum loading level of cobalt nanoparticles was 60 vol-%, after which the stability of the ink started to degrade. The developed ink enabled the miniaturization of a patch antenna.In the second part of the thesis, the formulation of inks based on piezoelectric ceramic particles in powder form with ferroelectric polymers as a matrix material is introduced. The performance and quality of the printed inks and cured layers were investigated. The measured pull off -strength was up to 3.25 MPa, relative permittivity was up to 48 at 1 kHz and piezoelectric constant d31 up to 17 pm/V. The printed piezoelectric layer can be utilized in a pressure sensor.In the third part of the thesis, the development of inks for a novel printed memory component, a memristor, is researched. A synthesis route was developed for an organometallic precursor solution, which was formulated into inkjet-printable form. The printing tests were carried out in order to find t he most feasible layer thickness with memristive behaviour. The influence of substrate materials and different thermal treatments on the components’ electrical properties, durability of read/erase -cycles and overall lifetime were also investigated. The prepared memristive patterns remained functional for up to 35 days, while the precursor solution remained usable for over a year. The memristive areas withstood up to 30 read/erase cycles and by utilizing heat treatments the shift in resistance value increased by up to three orders of magnitude.
Fibre for electronics substrates
This thesis investigates the reliability of printed conductors on flexible substrates under cyclic bending. The topic is approached by studying the effects of several key design parameters on the bending lifetime of printed conductors under dynamic loading.In this thesis, the test specimens with various cross-sectional geometries were printed on different plastic and paper substrates. The test samples were fabricated with two printing methods, silk screen and roll-to-roll printing, by utilizing three different silver pastes as the conductive material. To evaluate the long-term performance of the printed traces, the test specimens were exposed to cyclic bending and their electrical behaviour during the test was monitored with resistance measurements.The bending test results were analysed by utilizing the Weibull analysis, with a 20% increase in resistance as the failure criterion. This method yielded a characteristic lifetime for a test population, including 10 individual test specimens. When comparing the characteristic lifetimes of all of the fabricated test populations, it was observed that all of the varied design parameters had an effect on the bending reliability of the printed traces. However, within the studied geometries and materials, the substrate was found to have the highest impact on the long-term electrical performance of printed conductors under cyclic bending.The study proves that the bending reliability of printed conductors can be enhanced by proper design choices. This is done by minimizing the strain when the printed trace is subjected to bending.
Printed electronics & diagnostic products : printoCent designer's handbook
Case: Autonomous R2R systems : autosys
Case: PrintoCent Start & RunCent : at the  core of printed intelligence
Thermal stress in a roll-to-roll printed electronics substrate
Gas sensors based on nanostructured tungsten oxides
Characteristics of inkjet material deposition for microelectronics packaging
Reliability studies on printed conductors on flexible substrates under cyclic bending
The objective of Autonomous R2R (Roll-to-Roll) systems is to extend the capabilities of R2R  manufacturing from single component manufacturing and integration of functional systems to  the pilot production level. Running the pilot lines continuously, the PrintoCent community and  companies learn about the capabilities, bottle necks and design guidelines of a real production  environment.
Bit bang : rays to the future
Optical coherence tomography as a characterization method in printed electronics
Applications of organic and printed electronics : a technology-enabled revolution
Inks based on inorganic nanomaterials for printed electronics applications
Organic and Printed Electronics : Fundamentals and Applications
Case: Printed to products
Printed platforms for paper-based analytical applications
Development and characterization of thin printed films for gas sensing applications
Roll-to-roll printing of organic photovoltaic cells and modules
Analysis of wetting and optical properties of materials developed for novel printed solar cells
Paper- and membrane-based ion-modulated electronics
Printed to Products is a set of projects. One project is already going on, the second is  under preparation. In total, there will be four projects, each with a different focus and  different companies involved.
