http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26432 legal realism
legal realism
Moral realism and justification
Consequences of modernity in contemporary legal theory
The blood of angels
Which rights should be universal?
"Lawyers and Savages explores the rise and fall of legal primitivism, and its connection to the colonial encounter. Nineteenth century legal anthropology - and with it the idea of "primitive law" - was born out of the universalization of the Western legal tradition, and its understanding of history as a civilizing process. And this book demonstrates how this scholarship had a clear impact in legitimating the colonial experience. Through examples such as blood feuds, communalism, ordeals, ritual formalism and polygamy, the book traces the intellectual revolution of legal anthropology. In doing so, however - and beyond the conventional story from Maine to Malinowski - it introduces an American story: as the book details how legal realism drew on anthropology in order to help counter the hypothetical constructs of legal formalism. Finally, this book shows how, despite the explicit rejection, the central themes of primitive law continue to influence current ideas - about indigenous legal systems, but also of the place and role of law in development"--
The round house
Rethinking criminology : the realist debate
Why a 'Handshake' wasn't enough : a methodological experiment on the anthropological study of law
American legal realism and empirical social science
International law and international relations
The red and the black
American legal realism
Human rights as politics and idolatry
The intellectual origins of legal realism
Philosophy and real politics
Russian membership in the council of Europe : the process, compliance and some interpretations
"In this fully updated and revised edition, the authors explore the evolution, nature and function of international law in world politics and situate international law in its historical and political context. They propose three interdisciplinary 'lenses' (realist, liberal and constructivist) through which to view the role of international law in world politics and suggest that the concept of an international society provides the overall context within which international legal developments occur. These theoretical perspectives offer different ways of looking at international law in terms of what it is, how it works and how it changes. Topics covered include the use of force, international crimes, human rights, international trade and the environment. The new edition also contains more material on non-western perspectives, international institutions and non-state actors and a new bibliography. Each chapter features discussion questions and guides to further reading"--Provided by publisher.
American literary realism and the failed promise of contract
Who believes in human rights? : reflections on the European Convention
In the search of international homo economicus : individual agency and rationality in global governance
Lawyers and savages : ancient history and legal realism in the making of legal anthropology
Regent journal of international law : in collaboration with Handong International Law School / Vol. 7, issue 2
Abstract: Russian membership in the council of Europe - the process, compliance and some interpretations.
Aristotelian-Thomistic mental representation of reality: Intentionality versus intuition: Reason versus will?
The view from within : an analysis and critique of legal realism and descriptive jurisprudence
Duties beyond borders : on the limits and possibilities of ethical international politics
The anti-conceptualist criticism in law
