http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26423 group interviews
group interviews
Restaurant business and marketing are as tightly connected together as restaurant business and menu creation processes are. As customers demands and  tastes are prone to quick shifts and changes, also restaurant marketing and menu planning activities have to cope with these factors of influence. Different dietary trends  have always been dictating the course for restaurants to take and recently such a course has more and more to do with trend of health and healthy eating. A case of a marginal dietary trend called Blood Type Diet was chosen to be researched in context of restaurant marketing and menu planning process. A question was raised "How  and why could a blood type diet concept if being incorporated on a restaurant menu be used in marketing?". The question for answering was conditioned by the nature of the Blood type diet as being health promoting and unique. The research study consists of a theoretical framework building a theory proposition and an empirical part containing two different methods of data collection which are qualitative semi-structured interviews and quantitative content analysis of the menus.
Qualitative research practice
Theatre without borders
A variation on powers of ten : futurefarmers, Amy Franceschini and Michael Swaine
Collecting, managing, and assessing data using sample surveys
The interview : from formal to postmodern
Communicating at Work : principles and practices for business and the professions
Essentials of human communication
Practical social research : project work in the community
Social research
This widely-cited book offers a unique blend of theory and practice in a single, easy-to-read source. It provides a systematic treatment of the design, conduct, and interpretation of focus group data within the context of social science research and theory.
Data collection methods : semi-structured interviews and focus groups
Qualitive nursing research : a contemporary dialogue
Successful qualitative health research : a practical introduction
Communication for nurses : talking with patients
Focus group methodology : principles and practices
Appreciative inquiry and knowledge management : a social constructionist perspective
Images of alcoholism among adolescents in  individualistic and collectivistic geographies /.
A Variation on powers of ten uses the opening picnic scene of Charles and Ray Eames's film Powers of Ten as score to guide ten discussions. The result of a research-based residency at the University of California Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive, the publication includes four essays and ten interviews with researchers whose work relates to one of the magnitudes of ten of the 1968 IBM-commissioned film...Looking back at the film, Futurefarmers became entranced by the presence of the narrator, Philip Morrison, the production of the film, and the short amount of time the film spends at the human scale...In ten picnics, Futurefarmers journeys through fields of inquiry ranging from philosophy to ecology, microbiology, astrobiology, environmental science, geography, and urban studies. Comparing today's practices with those in 1968, researchers discuss the changing landscape of their field and the tools they use or invent to gather, quantify, and measure their research.
Evaluation of m-learning system : the role of wireless technology in higher education : a qualitative longitudinal study
People, psychology and business
Human communication : the basic course
Developing questions for focus groups
Focus groups : from structured interviews to collective conversations
Advanced focus group research
The elements of effective student nurse mentorship in placement learning environments : systematic review and Finnish and British mentors' conceptions
Moderating focus groups : a practical guide for group facilitation
Focus groups as qualitative research
Social skills in interpersonal communication
The contemporary ensemble : interviews with theatre-makers
Generation Z : their voices, their lives
Summary: Guiding stars : the construction of air traffic controllers' professional identity in group interviews.
Beyond listening : learning the secret language of focus groups
International focus group research : a handbook for the health and social sciences
"Come Together is a global investigation of the recent generation of art collectives, hidden behind trade and code names. It's about forty groups that have emerged since the end of the 1990s, active all over the world. The groups selected work within different creative disciplines: visual arts, design, street art, new media art, fashion, music, and architecture. The aspects they have in common include: youth culture, mass-media influence, aptitude for appropriation and poaching, and irreverence.The text consists of interviews with the different groups, focusing on what motivates the artists to work collectively and anonymously, and how they define the purpose of their participatory work--whether it is a form of political activism, a redefining of the public sphere, or simply a means of making passers-by smile. All of the groups are contemporary; formed within the last 20 years, and their work is highly embedded in cultural trends and modern technology. Interviews reveal how groups often use commercial, mass-media strategies to both gain the attention of the modern viewer and undermine the power of mainstream media--thus both engaging and provoking the viewer.The interviews in this book create an important and dynamic portrait of the global movement of contemporary collectivism"--
Human factors of a pleasure boutique : developing a qualitative user research approach for a taboo subject
Research methods in health : investigating health and health services
Motivational interviewing in groups
The focus group research handbook
Interviews observation and focus groups : 110 methods for user-centered design
Communicating : a social, career and cultural focus
Vault guide to the case interview
Moderating focus groups
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Focus group interviews in education and psychology
Introducing qualitative research : a student's guide to the craft of qualitative research
Social research : a practical introduction
Involving community members in focus groups
Critical issues in qualitative research methods ; Janice M. Morse (ed.)
Understanding human communication
Mastering communication
Lords of chaos : the bloody rise of the satanic metal underground
Focus groups : theory and practice
Developing focus group research : politics, theory and practice
Packaging : design successful packaging for spesific customer groups
Focus-group research for school improvement : what are they thinking?
"Art in the Twenty-First Century" Season Six includes 13 profiles of artists from five continents gathered into four, one-hour thematic episodes: Change, Balance, History and Boundaries. Spanning the globe from Nigeria to New York City, from Beijing to Brazil, the programs reveal the artists at work and speaking in their own words as they demonstrate the power of art to alter perception, challenge convention, and change how we see the world around us.
Portfolio projects for soft skills
The research process in nursing
Producing the past togeteher : group interview and oral history
Individual guidance and communal experience : mentoring in support of student teachers' professional development
Marginal dietary trend on restaurant menu : Blood Type Diet concept
How to validate design : validating design using target group interview
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Concepts of healthy life and stress among recent immigrants -a focus group study
Communicating for results : a guide for business and the professions
Art : 21 : art in the twenty-first century. season six
Business communication : polishing your professional presence
The focus group guidebook
Come together : the rise of cooperative art and design
Finnish polytechnics in the regional innovation system : towards new ways of action
Planning focus groups
"Subject Areas/Keywords: addictions, ambivalence, chronic health conditions, group psychotherapy, group therapy, intimate partner violence, MI, motivational interviewing, psychoeducational groups, resistance, sexual offenders, substance abuse, substance use disorders, support groups DESCRIPTION A unique clinical resource, this book shows how to infuse the methods and spirit of motivational interviewing (MI) into group-based interventions. The authors demonstrate how the four processes of MI with individuals translate into group contexts. They explain both the challenges and the unique benefits of MI groups, guiding practitioners to build the skills they need to lead psychoeducational, psychotherapeutic, and support groups successfully. A wealth of clinical examples are featured. Chapters by contributing authors present innovative group applications targeting specific problems: substance use disorders, dual diagnosis, chronic health conditions, weight management, adolescent risk behaviors, intimate partner violence, and sexual offending"--
Performance practice in community settings is an established part of the cultural landscape. However, this practice is frequently viewed as functional: an intervention that seeks to solve, educate or heal. Performance and Community presents an alternative vision, focussing, instead, on the aesthetic and political ambitions of artists, organisations and cultural producers committed to this area. Through case studies, this edited collection gives unprecedented access to some of the leading organisations in the field, examining their creative processes and placing them in their historical context. In parallel, a series of interviews with individual artists explores their approaches and how they are re-shaped by the communities that they encounter. Case studies include: the Grassmarket Project, the Lawnmowers Independent Theatre Company, London Bubble, Magic Me and the partnership between the artist, Mark Storor and producer, Anna Ledgard; while interviews in this collection include: Mojisola Adebayo, Bobby Baker, Sue Emmas, Tony Fegan, Paul Heritage, Rosemary Lee and Lois Weaver. An invaluable resource for students of applied, social, community and contemporary theatre practices, Performance and Community provides vivid evidence of the complex negotiations between artist and community that lie at the heart of this delicate work.
Focus groups : a practical guide for applied research
Women's work and chicano families : cannery workers of the Santa Clara Valley
Making stories, making selves : feminist reflections on the holocaust
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
Analyzing & reporting focus group results
Focus group practice
How to build a great team
This highly-regarded introduction to communication book offers a comprehensive blend of basic communication theory, research, and skills, with a strong emphasis on relationship communication (social), workplace (career), and intercultural communication (culture). Communicating introduces the basic principles of communication and applies them to interpersonal, group, interviewing, and public speaking contexts. The book stresses communication competence through boxed material, Learn by Doing activities, thought-provoking questions, and self-assessment tests. New and strengthened pedagogy highlights and reinforces the book's social, career, and cultural themes, with a particular emphasis on intercultural communication and communicating in an increasingly high-tech, global environment.
The handbook for focus group research
Human communication : the basic course. Joseph A. DeVito
"The entire range of facilitation techniques is covered in this handbook, from pre-session tips in participant recruitment to post-session reporting. Moderating Focus Groups covers all the fundamentals of successful group facilitation, and also includes advanced techniques, such as managing group dynamics, energizing a tired group, and digging deeper into the minds of participants. Greenbaum also goes beyond the basics with chapters on how to build a business moderating focus groups, and how to price moderating services." "While this book is particularly aimed at the needs of focus group practitioners, there is plenty of advice that will benefit anyone who conducts in-depth interviews or group facilitation. Additionally, the many people who hire moderators to facilitate their sessions will benefit from this book because it will provide them with insights on how to evaluate their moderators' work."--BOOK JACKET.
33 artists in 3 acts / Sarah Thornton
Using focus groups in research
Performance and community : commentary and case studies
Business communication
Open Dialogues in social networks: Professional identity
