http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2640 occupational mobility
occupational mobility
Highly skilled mobility and migration from MENA region to Finland : a socio-analytical approach
Immigration and integration : the global challenge
Measuring occupational inheritance
Worklife and intergenerational class mobility : a comparative analysis
Historical research on social mobility : Western Europe and the USA in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
International human resource management and international assignments
Grace, talent, and merit : poor students, clerical careers, and professional ideology in eighteenth-century Germany
Students, staff and academic mobility in higher education
European approaches to credit (transfer) systems in VET : an assessment of the applicability of existing credit systems to a European credit (transfer) system for vocational education and training (ECVET)
The inheritance of inequality
Genius logistics : occupational geographical mobility of Nobel Prize winners in science 1860-2005
The boundaryless career : a new employment principle for a new organizational era
Työvoiman liikkuvuus : työvoiman vuosihaastattelu, syksy 1991 = Mobility of labour : supplementary labour force survey, autumn 1991.
Challenges of globalization : immigration, social welfare, global governance
Analysing the consequences of academic mobility and migration
The new careers : individual action and economic change
Internet and change : an anthropology of knowledge and flexible work
A New European Agenda for labour mobility : report of a CEPS-ECHR task force
Research on academic mobility : an overview, list of researchers and bibliography
Transparency of vocational qualifications : the Leonardo da Vinci approach
Invisible work = Nevidno delo
Labour flexibility : a factor of economic and social performance of Finland in the 1990s
The effects of residential mobility of dual career families to the employment stability and job access
Occupational mortality by cause in Finland 1971-91 and occupational mobility
Competing for global talent
Occupational mobility of unemployed workers
Labour migration in England, 1800-1850
The professional value of ERASMUS mobility : the impact of international experience on former students' and on teachers' careers
Occupational segregation of women and men in the European Communities : network of experts on the situation of women in the labour market : synthesis report
Internationalising vocational education and training in Europe : Prelude to an overdue debate = A discussion paper
Progress towards the common European objectives in education and training : indicators and benchmarks 2010/2011
Restoration of class society in Russia?
Managing human resources : productivity, quality of work life, profits
Essays on labour demand and career mobility. Helena Persson
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Employment and opportunity
Academia in transition : mid-career change or early retirement
Social structure and behavior : essays in honor of William Hamilton Sewell
Study on impediments to mobility in the EU live performance sector and on possible solutions
Mobility in the European tourism sector : the role of transparency and recognition of vocational qualifacations
Mobility in the European health sector : the role of transparency and recognition of vocational qualifications
Moving with the ball : the migration of professional footballers
Occupational mobility in Finland 1995-2010 : professionals in transition
Zooming in on 2010 : reassessing vocational education and training
Young registered nurses' intent to leave the profession in Finland : a mixed-method study
Labour flexibility : a factor of the economic and social performance of Finland in the 1990s
Mobility tables
Becoming an advanced healthcare practitioner
Academic mobility in a changing world : regional and global trends
Educational system and labour market as determinants of intragenerational mobility in France and West Germany : a comparison of men's career mobility within the five-year-period between 1965 and 1970
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
Opportunity and attainment in Australia
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki.
Summary.
"Jenny Blake, bestselling author of Life After College and former career development program manager at Google, shows how to move into your next career phase by leveraging what you already do well.  Now, more than ever, we need to navigate career changes deftly and frequently. The average employee tenure in America is just four or five years, and even those job roles often change dramatically within that time frame. Our economy demands that we create dynamic careers based on creativity, innovation, and serving others. Careers aren't linear, predictable ladders; they're fluid trajectories that are fluid and entrepreneurial. No matter your age, bank account balance, or seniority, you need to be able to pivot into your next opportunity so you don't get left behind. Drawing from her own experience and those of other successful pivoters, Jenny Blake has created a four-step process that can teach anyone how to: identify existing strengths, interests, and experiences; find new opportunities and identify skills to develop without falling prey to paralysis by analysis; launch successfully in a new direction, while staying primed for the next move. This book is for anyone without an answer to the question, 'what's next?'. Whether you've hit a plateau in your perfect-on-paper job, you're considering taking on a new role in your current job, or you want to move to a new company or industry, one thing remains clear: career success depends on pivoting to Plan B (or C or D)"--
Women's occupational mobility : a lifetime perspective
Academics on the move : mobility and institutional change in the Swedish development support to research capacity building in Mozambique
Theorizing cultural work : labour, continuity and change in the cultural and creative industries
Mobility in the European chemicals industry sector : the role of transparency and recognition of vocational qualifications
Towards an EU right to education
Transferability of skills across economic sectors : role and importance for employment at European level
In the competitive global knowledge economy, highly qualified individuals are increasingly recognised as being the key to development. In particular, doctorate holders are not only the most qualified in terms of educational attainment, but also those specifically trained to be at the forefront of innovation and in a position to drive advances in science, technology and knowledge of society. In developing countries with relatively weak research structures, not least with regard to PhD graduates, the training of PhDs has been intimately linked to the reproduction of human capacity in national research systems. This study examines the mobility of PhD graduates funded under the Swedish development aid program to build institutional research capacity in Mozambique from 1990 to 2013. Principal areas of investigation are extent and direction of geographic, sectoral and vertical mobility, perception and individual rationales for mobility and career choices and experience of the so-called "sandwich model".
Europeans and mobility : first results of an EU-wide survey : Eurobarometer survey on geographic and labour market mobility
Capitalism, class and politics in Scotland
The process of stratification : trends and analyses
Exit from Finnish industry - does education matter?
Pivot : the only move that matters is your next one
Emigration, brain drain and development : the case of Sub-Saharan Africa
The changes in the modern environment happen constantly. Individuals and organizations try to cope with the changes. The hotel industry has been showing good economical results globally and in Finland during the recent years, and therefore it is an attractive working environemnt.     The purpose of this qualitative research was to understand the role of mobility in the career paths of the hotel managers in Helsinki. The hotel managers of only one company were interviewed, therefore the results describe the situation in the company X.     The data for this research was collected through literature review, collecting the information about the case company through publicly availabe sources and through informant interview with the company's representative, and through conducting the interviews with eight hotel managers employed by the company X in the Helsinki region. The main research question was: What paths hotel managers of the chain X go through in their careers? Threesupporting research questions were set as well: What role career mobility plays in the career paths of the hotel managers? What types of career mobility are prevalent in the career paths of the hotel managers? What is affecting the individual's decision towards change in the career?    Findings of this study showed that career mobility in career of the hotel managers is represented by developing universal skills, loving own job and networking. Career mobility is rather percieved positively by the hotel managers. The types that are prevalent in the career paths of the hotel managers are physical and pshycological mobility, vertical mobility, moving across the hotel functions and moving across industries. The main affect on the changes in the career have organizational intent and willingness to learn and improve oneself.     It is an interesting topic for the future professionals who are planning to work in Finland in the hotel field as well as for professionals already working in the industry. They can learn from the results of the research that mobility plays an important role in the career paths. Future professional can also see that universal skills acquired especially through experience in front office and food and beverage depatments of a hotel are helpful for the development of a career. Constant learning and imporving oneself are also essential characteristics of career path and should be considered by future professionals.
Changing your job after 35 : the Daily Telegraph guide
Designing local skills strategies
The career potential of migrant scholaris in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Essays on educational choice and intergenerational mobility
Opportunity and change
Mobility and transition of pedagogical expertise in Finland
Globalization, uncertainty, and men's careers : an international comparison
Globalization, uncertainty and late careers in society
Building sustainable communities : spatial policy and labour mobility in post-war Britain
From education to work : cross-national perspectives
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki
On the job : is long-term employment a thing of the past?
The American occupational structure
The bivocational pastor
Merchants of labour
Professional practices : commitment and capability in a changing environment
