http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2642 demonstrations (activism)
demonstrations (activism)
Mass political violence : a cross-national causal analysis
China : the massacre of June 1989 and its aftermath
Contentious politics in the Middle East : popular resistance and marginalised activism beyond the Arab Spring uprisings
In your face! : analysing public political performance as communication
Whe n is revolution : irrational right and wrong essays and poems
Flashpoints : studies in public disorder
The man without a face : the unlikely rise of Vladimir Putin
The activists' handbook : a step-by-step guide to participatory democracy
What role do nationalism and popular protest play in China's foreign relations? Chinese authorities permitted anti-American demonstrations in 1999 but repressed them in 2001 during two crises in U.S.-China relations. Anti-Japanese protests were tolerated in 1985, 2005, and 2012 but banned in 1990 and 1996. Protests over Taiwan, the issue of greatest concern to Chinese nationalists, have never been allowed. To explain this variation, Powerful Patriots identifies the diplomatic as well as domestic factors that drive protest management in authoritarian states. Because nationalist protests are costly to repress and may turn against the government, allowing protests demonstrates resolve and makes compromise more costly in diplomatic relations. Repressing protests, by contrast, sends a credible signal of reassurance, facilitating diplomatic flexibility. Powerful Patriots traces China's management of dozens of nationalist protests and their consequences between 1985 and 2012. -- Provided by publisher
Demonstration democracy
The politics of protest in hybrid regimes : managing dissent in post-communist Russia
January 1991. Images of Freedom
Frenchness and the African diaspora : identity and uprising in contemporary France
Policing protest : the control of mass demonstrations in Western democracies
The tragedy of the Chinese revolution
Disobedient objects
"A planned, organized and premeditated political turmoil in Beijing" : 1989 Chinese student uprising as official history
The battle for the Arab spring : revolution, counter-revolution and the making of a new era
We are many
People's Republic of Amnesia : Tiananmen revisited
Your heart is a muscle the size of a fist
Metro : a story of Cairo
Protest in Putin's Russia
"What are the micro-level interactions and conversations that underlie successful and failed diffusion? By comparing the spread of direct action tactics from the 1999 Global Justice Movement protests against the World Trade Organization in Seattle to grassroots activists in Toronto and New York, Lesley Wood argues that dynamics of deliberation among local activists both aided and blocked diffusion. To analyze the localization of this cycle of protest, the research brings together rich ethnography, interviews, social network analysis and catalogs of protest events. The findings suggest that when diverse activists with different perspectives can discuss innovations in a reflexive, egalitarian manner, they are more likely to make strategic and meaningful choices"--
When poetry ruled the streets : the French May events of 1968
The journey to Tahrir : revolution, protest, and social change in Egypt
Moving the mountain : my life in China : from the Cultural Revolution to the Tiananmen Square
Banners & dragons : the complete guide to creative campaigning
Cyberprotest : new media, citizens, and social movements
Hong Kong's watershed : the 1967 riots
SlutWalk : feminism, activism and media
The policing of transnational protest
The naming of the dead
Bloody Sunday - verinen sunnuntai
What is the president serving this year? : social unity and factionalsim around the nationala table
Cairo : my city, our revolution
Men, Mobs and Law : Anti-Lynching and Labor Defense in U.S. Radical History
Marathon peace march : an indication of international understanding : peace movement : the case of the peace march 1981
A necessary end : an inspector Banks mystery
Playing activists and dancing anarchists : men and masculinities in cultural performances in contemporary Sweden
This reader is the result of Joanna Warsza's course at the Salzburg International Summer Academy of Fine Arts in 2015. It examines four recent cases of boycotts, presenting their political, ideological, and economic contexts, timelines, statements, as well as interviews with parties involved. It reflects on how certain biennials became the place where the power of art is renegotiated and why one simply “can't work like this.”
The broken mirror : China after Tiananmen
Riotous assemblies : popular protest in Hanoverian England
The civil rights movement : a photographic history, 1954-68
Chinese securitisation : broadening the scope of Securitisation Studies with three case studies in the context of the People's Republic of China
New ghosts, old dreams : Chinese rebel voices
The July 1 protest rally : interpreting a historic event
The new transnational activism
May '68 and its afterlives
"Protest movements have been analyzed widely by several disciplines in recent decades,but the larger repercussions they caused in social institutions and international affairs have largely been neglected. This volume fills this gap by examining the many ways in which political parties, the business world, foreign policymakers, and the intelligence community experienced, confronted, and even actively contributed to domestic and transnational forms of dissent"--
Radical social work today : social work at the crossroads
I can't work like this : a reader on recent boycotts and contemporary art
Representing resistance : media, civil disobedience, and the Global Justice Movement
Battle in Seattle
The second Arab awakening : and the battle for pluralism
Negotiating performance : gender, sexuality, and theatricality in Latin/o America
During May 1968, students and workers in France united in the biggest strike and the largest mass movement in French history. Protesting capitalism, American imperialism and Gaullism, nine million people from all walks of life, from shipbuilders to department store clerks, stopped working. The nation was paralyzed - no sector of the workplace was unaffected; no region, city or village was untouched. Yet, just thirty years later, the mainstream image of May '68 in France has become that of a mellow youth revolt, a cultural transformation stripped of its violence and profound sociopolitical implications. Kristin Ross shows how the current memory of May '68 came to serve a political agenda antithetical to the movement's aspirations. She examines the roles played by sociologists, repentant ex-student leaders, and the mainstream media in giving what was a political event a predominantly cultural and ethical meaning. Recovering the political language of May '68 through the tracts, pamphlets and documentary film footage of the era, Ross reveals how the original movement, concerned above all with the question of equality, gained a new and counterfeit history, one that erased police violence and the deaths of participants, removed workers from the picture, and eliminated all traces of anti-Americanism, anti-imperialism and the influences of Algeria and Vietnam. "May '68 and Its Afterlives" is especially timely given the rise of a new mass political movement opposing global capitalism, from labour strikes and anti-McDonald's protests in France to the demonstrations against the World Trade Organization in Seattle.
Tibet's last stand? : the Tibetan uprising of 2008 and China's response
Okinawa and Jeju : bases of discontent
'Ukraine is not a brothel!' This was the first cry of rage uttered by Femen during Euro 2012. Bare-breasted and crowned with flowers, perched on their high heels, Femen transform their bodies into instruments of political expression through slogans and drawings flaunted on their skin. Humour, drama, courage and shock tactics are their weapons. Since 2008, this 'gang of four' – Inna, Sasha, Oksana and Anna – has been developing a spectacular, radical, new feminism. First in Ukraine and then around the world, they are struggling to obtain better conditions for women, but they also fight poverty, discrimination, dictatorships and the dictates of religion. These women scale church steeples and climb into embassies, burst into television studios and invade polling stations. Some of them have served time in jail, been prosecuted for 'hooliganism' in their home country and are banned from living in other states. But thanks to extraordinary media coverage, the movement is gaining imitators and supporters in France, Germany, Brazil and elsewhere. Inna, Sasha, Oksana and Anna have an extraordinary story and here they tell it in their own words, and at the same time express their hopes and ambitions for women throughout the world.
The Tiananmen papers
The politics of provisions : food riots, moral economy, and market transition in England, c. 1550-1850
China rising : the meaning of Tiananmen
Democracy and disorder : protest and politics in Italy, 1965-1975
Rioters and citizens : mass protest in imperial Japan
Globalization from below : transnational activists and protest networks
Powerful patriots : nationalist protest in China's foreign relations
Students and the struggle for freedom in South Africa 1976-2006
Life and words : violence and the descent into the ordinary
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
The struggle for Tiananmen : anatomy of the 1989 mass movement
Tiananmen : the rape of Peking
Edo politehnio : 6 shedia-afises
Crowds in the 21st century : perspectives from contemporary social science
Street spirit : the power of protest and mischief
Tiananmen moon : inside the Chinese student uprising of 1989
Non-violence and the French Revolution : political demonstrations in Paris, 1787-1795
A brief history of nakedness
Paris 1961 : Algerians, state terror, and memory
Direct action, deliberation, and diffusion : collective action after the WTO protests in Seattle
The new law of peaceful protest : rights and regulation in the Human Rights Act era
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
The establishment responds : power, politics, and protest since 1945
The protestor's handbook
June four : a chronicle of the Chinese democratic uprising
"SlutWalk is a study of the global anti-rape movement of the same name, in eight nations which organized marches: Australia, Canada, India, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, the UK and US. It demonstrates the mainstream news' unprecedented support for SlutWalk, suggesting that we may be finally moving away from an era in which feminism is seen as dead, redundant or passe;. Yet despite this overwhelming support, mainstream coverage was often shallow, particularly when compared to the feminist blogosphere, which provided sophisticated and nuanced analyses of sexual assault and rape culture. The feminist blogosphere was also a key site for critiquing patriarchal rape myths, and providing 'counter-memories' of the movement. This book examines representations of the movement in mainstream news and feminist blogs, and documents the experiences, routines and strategies of 22 organizers who were involved in the movement between 2011 and 2014. In doing so, it presents a robust and original analysis of modern feminist activism from various angles, and is a must-read for anyone interested in modern feminist protest and campaigns. "--
Themes from ontology, mind, and logic : present and past : essays in honour of Peter Simons
Against the law : labor protests in China's rustbelt and sunbelt
The imaginary revolution : Parisian students and workers in 1968
We refuse to starve in silence : a history of the national unemployed worker's movement 1920-46
"Since the end of the Cold War, more and more countries feature political regimes that are neither liberal democracies nor closed authoritarian systems. Most research on these hybrid regimes focuses on how elites manipulate elections to stay in office, but in places as diverse as Bolivia, Georgia, Kyrgyzstan, Serbia, Thailand, Ukraine, and Venezuela, protest in the streets has been at least as important as elections in bringing about political change. The Politics of Protest in Hybrid Regimes builds on previously unpublished data and extensive fieldwork in Russia to show how one high-profile hybrid regime manages political competition in the workplace and in the streets. More generally, the book develops a theory of how the nature of organizations in society, state strategies for mobilizing supporters, and elite competition shape political protest in hybrid regimes"--Provided by publisher
Protest in Belgrade : winter of discontent
"This book investigates for the first time the parallels between two island appendages of much larger governments - Okinawa, Japan's southernmost island prefecture, in ferment over historic US bases; Jeju embroiled over a new South Korean naval base. The people of Okinawa and Jeju share a common fear of bloody conflict again erupting around them and suspect their governments would sacrifice their interests in a much larger war in a fight for regional control between the US, Japan, and China"--
The power of Tiananmen : state-society relations and the 1989 Beijing student movement
Demonstrations and communication : a case study
China's students : the struggle for democracy
Writing revolution : the voices from Tunis to Damascus
A philosophy of walking
Authenticating Tibet : answers to China's 100 Questions
Rebellion, popular protest and the social order in early modern England
Red vs. Yellow . Volume 1, Thailand's crisis of identity
Bloody Saturday in the Soviet Union : Novocherkassk, 1962
Thou shalt not kill : Graham, Nixon, and the anti-Vietnam war demonstrators at the University of Tennessee, May 1970
The street as stage : protest marches and public rallies since the nineteenth century
We are many : reflections on movement strategy from occupation to liberation
States of emergency : cultures of revolt in Italy from 1968 to 1978
A necessary end : an inspector Alan Banks mystery
Notes toward a performative theory of assembly
Caso Baena Ricardo y otros : sentencia de 2 de febrero de 2001 = Baena Ricardo et al. case : judgment of February 2, 2001
Biting at the grave : the Irish hunger strikes and the politics of despair
Occupy! : scenes from occupied America
