http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26409 change management communication
change management communication
Media beyond socialism : theory and practice in East-Central Europe
Companies that operate globally aim at harmonising their business processes and related information systems in order to gain maximum efficiency. However, projects responsible for the process harmonisation and development work may face various practical difficulties as the project stakeholders represent several national cultures, languages and physical locations. The purpose of the thesis is to investigate these factors and find best practises on how to overcome the obstacles. The thesis is based on recent articles and the writer's own experiences in two large international companies whose names will not be mentioned. Also a few colleagues were interviewed with help of social media. The study refers to two large projects; one developed global project management processes and related information systems and the other designed sales order management processes and systems. The study consists of two main themes: cultural issues and virtual teams. Culture impacts, for example, individual project team member's beliefs, values, use of language and attitude to work. In addition, the physical distance, time zones and lack of face-to-face meetings make the project work challenging. The project team relies heavily on electronic communication tools that have their weaknesses. In the case projects special challenges were detected in requirement management, testing and end user training. From change management point of view it is important to involve end user organisations in the development work and implementation. Cultural issues and physical distance make the co-operation challeging. In addition, balancing between the global and local requirements is a difficult task.In order to make an international project succeed the project management and stakeholders should be aware of the possible challenges. The project should have clear processes in use and the stakeholders should have a possibility to get to know each other before the project starts. Face-to-face meeting should be organised regularly, but not too often as frequent travelling is hard. Strong support from the management is required. However, cultural issues should not be seen purely as challenges but also as a source of innovation and motivation.
Social marketing : doing well by doing good? a look into organizations? marketing communication campaigns on social issues in Finland
Organizational change : creating change through strategic communication
The role of communication during changes case: KuntaPro Oy
Psychological anthropology
Communicating for managerial effectiveness : problems, strategies, solutions
Talking business : making communication work
Abstract: Information society-another modernity.
Terrestrial television : the next technology transition : working group Interim report
Project management : a guide to the theory and practice of project, program and portfolio management, and business change
How the way we talk can change the way we work : seven languages for transformation
Leading in turbulent times
Consuming technologies : media and information in domestic spaces
Introduction to management
Communications and public opinion : a Public Opinion Quarterly reader
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Communication and change in the developing countries
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
Visual leaders : new tools for visioning, management, & organization change
Cultural change and ordinary life
Energize your workplace : how to create and sustain high-quality connections at work
Management of organisational change
Journalism : discursive order and social practice : a research programme on news media and social change in 20th century Sweden
Change, conflict and community
Communism, capitalism and the mass media
Management of communication in change situations to keep motivation
Mass communication theories and research
Chasing sustainability on the net : international research on 69 journalistic pure players and their business models
Improving internal information flow : case: The Case Company
The Breakdown of Hierarchy : communicating in the evolving workplace
Change Management in Public Healthcare and It's Logistic Services : a case study of the Hospital District of Southwest Finland
The Soviet media in 1991
Communication and Change Management
Nexus analysis : discourse and the emerging internet
The death of distance : how the communications revolution will change our lives
Cultivating habitats of meaning : broadcasting, participation and interculturalism
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Drama for development : cultural translation and social change
Language, image, media
The passing of modernity : communication and the transformation of society
Development of IS-Change Communication Practices as Part of an IS-Change Management Process
Cross-cultural adaptation : current approaches
Business process and information system development in a multinational company : challenges of international projects
Communication and political change
The commissioner of this thesis wanted to modify and re-launch the MOC concept within their organization due to the internal and external misinterpretations of the MOC service agreements.  The main goal of this study is therefore to ensure that the stakeholders within the case company`s Service division understand the concept of the modified MOC and this is approached by developing an internal communication (IC) strategy to identify a feasible implementation plan and IC tools for the re-launch of MOC. The author is working for the commissioner and developed during his internship time a new IC strategy based on the prevailing situation. The result of the strategy development process shows that a feasible MOC implementation plan can be reached when it has clear objectives, assignment allocations with deadlines and no overloaded action. Other requirements are that it should be able to implement within a short time frame and as well as be achievable and measurable. The main IC tools in order to communicate the change include electronic newsletter and face to face meetings whereas sub tools of discussion list, paper newsletter and intranet. The outcome covered the commissioner`s needs and requirements, thus it will be fully implemented in early summer.
The purpose of this thesis was to study how to better implement change on an operational level in the Finnish office of an international logistics company which is going through a major organizational restructuring program. The research data was acquired by carrying out a survey among the operational personnel of the company. The research method has been quantitative research, although the survey had two open ended questions in which respondents were able to provide feed-back about the transformation process in their own words. The theoretical framework of this study is comprised of John Kotter's and Jim Collins' views on change management. Kotter's 8 stage model of change process provides an excellent overview of all the details that go into implementing a successful change. Collins has studied numerous companies which have gone through a major transformation and managed to become industry leaders. Results of this research show that an enormous organizational restructuring can be extremely difficult to execute. The organization has been able to sustain a high rate of urgency which helps a great deal in change process, but there are some shortcomings in communication and employee empowerment. Supporting the urgency within the organization should be the main focus in the future, as the transformation process has been put on hold. Before the change program moves forward the issues with communication and employee empowerment should be fixed. In order to do so, there needs to be more hands on communication where the employees are clearly demonstrated with the benefits of the change.
Women in grassroots communication : furthering social change
China pop : how soap operas, tabloids, and bestsellers are transforming a culture
Internationalizing media theory : transition, power, culture : reflections on media in Russia, Poland and Hungary 1980-95
Organizational diagnosis and assessment : bridging theory and practice
This study is about change management in public health care and its logistic services. It concentrates on human behaviour, actions and feelings in the change process and presents how the cooperation was implemented in the hospital and health care centre point of view. The focus of the study is in communication and how health care centres and hospitals prejudices met the actual implementation.  This study uses two kinds of methods in data collection; Qualitative data collection and the Action Research method. These methods were chosen because the data collection is analysing human behaviour, actions, and feelings rather than analyzing numerical data. The analyze requires deeper interpretation of answers and there must be space for changes during the data collection as well.  The results showed that there were a lot of unclarity and uncertainty with the issues that the change might bring along. The biggest issues turned out to be economic efficiency, realiability of deliveries and communication. The respondents expected to have mutual information flows, cost follow-ups and functional operations. The participants felt that these expectations were not met in the level they seeked and expected to.  The unclarity and uncertainty of the change caused negative attitude which then caused unpreparedness in the change. The unpreparedness led to weaker performance of work which added more pressure on health care centres and hospitals. The pressure was then on the Logistic Centre employees. The pressure affected on personal relationships negatively and weakenend the team work between health care centres, hospitals and the Logistic Centre and this caused tense atmosphere. All the negativity might have caused more fears about the change; are employees in health care centres and hospitals able to meet the required quality of their work.
Change management in changing the organization structure of an IT-company
The digitalisation of social representations : the influence of the evolution of communication technology on the development of shared ideas
Communications technology and social policy : understanding the new "cultural revolution"
Health communication : a media and cultural studies approach
Manager's guide to virtual teams
Our iceberg is melting : changing and succeeding under any conditions
"I have a personal problem with blogs" : Case Study of Creation Process of Open Online Communications in a Global Merger
Information society : another modernity
This report outlines how online-based journalistic startups have created their economical locker in the evolving media ecology. The research introduces the ways that startups have found sustainability in the markets of nine countries. The work is based on 69 case studies from Europe, USA and Japan.     The case analysis shows that business models can be divided into two groups. The storytelling-oriented business models are still prevalent in our findings. These are the online journalistic outlets that produce original content – news and stories for audiences. But the other group, service-oriented business models, seems to be growing. This group consists of sites that don't try to monetize the journalistic content as such but rather focuson carving out new functionality.     The project was able to identify several revenue sources: advertising, paying for content, affiliate marketing, donations, selling data or services, organizing events, freelancing and training or selling merchandise. Where it was hard to evidence entirely new revenue sources, it was however possible to find new ways in which revenue sources have been combined or reconfigured. The report also offers practical advice for those who are planning to start their own journalistic site.
Development communication in action : building understanding and creating participation
The Penguin guide to plain English : express yourself clearly and effectively
Successful change implementation : benefiting from change rumors and myths
Organization change : creating new business line merging two corporation’s units into one
Language, bureaucracy and social control
Digital-political fantasies in Istanbul : an analysis of the perceived role of ICT in changing local institutional politics, activism, and identity
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
Communicating democracy : the media and political transitions
Communication as change management vehicle : how to improve change receptivity with organisational communications
Change communication as a tool for succesful change management : a study of Wärtsilä Finland's WE project
Mobile messages : young people and a new communication culture
Leadership : a communication perspective
Change management : the role of internal communication in facilitating change, case: Lufthansa Cargo
Media, markets & public spheres : European media at the crossroads
Understanding change management through the psychological ownership framework : examination of antecedents of successful change
Comparative media history : an introduction: 1789 to the present
Blog! : how the newest media revolution is changing politics, business, and culture
Analysis of the operational mode of the organization
Strategic Alliance and Change Communication : The Relation Between Change and Communication Examined from the Perspective of Attitudes
The power of appreciative inquiry : a practical guide to positive change
Media and change
How to better implement change on an operational level
Communicating change : how to win employee support for new business directions
The marketing communications industry in flux : large B2C advertisers' viewpoint
The success of communication in the Adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Implementation plan of an internal communication strategy
Media reform : democratizing the media, democratizing the state
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to measure the present state of the change communication  in a limited liability company, KuntaPro Oy. More specifically it was wanted  to be seen if the messages sent from the company reached unchanged to the personnel.  KuntaPro Oy wanted to know if there were differences in the way the middle management  and KuntaPro Oy communicated changes. These differences were pursued  by executing a survey for the personnel.  The theory part of the thesis helped to compose the questions in the survey. For understanding  the outcome of the survey the theory was also used and furthermore in  the proposals. Kurt Lewin's change model and force field analysis were also used in  understanding the needs of the personnel.  The outcome of the survey did reveal the state of the change communication in  KuntaPro Oy at present and it also provided usable information for improving the  change communication in the future In KuntaPro Oy.
Changing names and identities : case from Varma-Sampo to Varma
The most effective communication channel to spread information in an organization
"This book is about communicating for health and social change. With a clear focus on public health and health promotion practice, it provides a unique introduction to media and cultural studies perspectives on health communication. Health Communication explores the dynamic world of contemporary mass media and diverse forms of alternative, mobile and social media: How are communities using media to communicate about health and advocate for social change? What are the challenges and opportunities involved with using the media for health communication? How can health promotion practitioners utilise media to create opportunities for more participatory and empowering approaches to health communication? This indispensable guide to health communication provides readers with detailed and practical insights to the role of media and culture in contemporary health issues. Accessible theory is blended with case studies from around the world giving students, academics, and practitioners an invaluable framework for practice and a rich source of material for discussion"--Provided by publisher.
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Shaping tomorrow's media systems
The Development of Information Transferring Processes : For managing the machine’s specification and engineering changes
"A new edition of the classic business parable that has sold more than a million copies since 2006. Our Iceberg Is Melting is a simple fable about doing well in an ever-changing world. Based on the award-winning work of Harvard's John Kotter, it is a story that has been used to help thousands of people and organizations. The fable is about a penguin colony in Antarctica. A group of beautiful emperor pen&shy;guins live as they have for many years. Then one curious bird discovers a potentially devastating problem threatening their home--and pretty much no one listens to him. The characters in the story, Fred, Alice, Louis, Buddy, the Professor, and NoNo, are like people we recognize--even ourselves. Their tale is one of resistance to change and heroic action, seemingly intractable obstacles and the most clever tactics for dealing with those obstacles. It's a story that is occurring in different forms all around us today--but the penguins handle the very real challenges a great deal better than most of us. Our Iceberg Is Melting is based on pioneer&shy;ing work that shows how Eight Steps produce needed change in any sort of group. It's a story that can be enjoyed by anyone while at the same time providing invaluable guidance for a world that just keeps moving faster and faster"--
Leading organizations through transition : communication and cultural change
The mobile phone business is in transformation and so is Nokia as well. It means that rapid changes are needed almost constantly and it is affecting the employees more or less dramatically. Organizations are forced to change and more efficiency is wanted. These rapid changes need good management and strong personalities in charge who are able to coach the employees through the changes and without jeopardizing the performance too much. The purpose of this Thesis was to study the operational mode of the Nokia Salo Hardware organization before and after the big organizational change which took place in 2009. The research made before the organizational change gave a good background for the further research after the organizational change. The purpose was to study how the organizational change affected the job profiles of the employees, responsibilities, the working methods, the co-operation between different teams and information sharing. This Thesis was qualitative in nature and was conducted in close co-operation with the Salo Hardware organization. The research methods were interviews, group interviews, meetings, discussions and the literature overview. The research strategies used in the study were the survey research and case study research strategies. As results, there were some deficiencies found in the operation of the Salo Hardware organization. There were improvements needed at least in the information sharing, in the job profiles of the Project Managers, in the project organization structures and in the change management. Based on the results of this Thesis, new information sharing meetings were started and the job profiles of the project managers were made clearer along with the unified project organizations in Salo. The changes made based on this Thesis brought some more unity to the Salo Hardware organization and clarity after the dramatic organizational change.
Picture perfect : life in the age of the photo op
European culture and the media : changing media, changing Europe
Participatory communication for social change
Understanding media cultures : social theory and mass communication
Essentials of organizational behavior
