http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2653 charging (loading)
charging (loading)
Battery management systems : accurate state-of-charge indication for battery-powered applications
Solar charge controller in solar street light
Abstract.
Power electronics desing handbook : low-power components and applications
The purpose of this thesis was to study potential problems for audio components caused by wireless charging. Audio components included in this thesis are IHF speakers, earpieces and vibras. Based on expectations three different potential problems were studied: interference voltages, inductive heating and magnetization. Measurements were made for worst case situations and with an existing Lumia 820 prototype. Worst case measurements were made in order to find out if problems are expected in future projects and measurements with an existing prototype were made in order to confirm that this product can be launched without worries of problems. Worst case interference voltage measurements revealed significant voltage levels for all components and based on this a design guideline for future projects with wireless charging was formed. Significantly smaller voltage levels were measured with an existing prototype and thus the product can be launched without worries of problems. Inductive heating measurements were made with a modified wireless charging pad and significant heating was measured for all components. Three different methods for compensating inductive heating were found during studies and they were submitted for Nokia patenting process. Unfortunately the patenting process is still on-going while writing this thesis and the found inventions had to excluded from the public version of this thesis. Magnetization caused by wireless charging was studied by measuring the performance of IHF speakers before and after they were put into the magnetic field generated by wireless charging. No performance changes were found during these measurements and therefore problems are not expected. Studies show that problems will not occur in all mobile device projects but are still possible in some cases. Results found in this thesis can be applied for all future projects in order to prevent problems and offer solutions forfound problems in any stage of a project.
Wind-solar Hybrid Power System
Charging of electric vehicles is becoming more and more common. Charging of electric vehicles does not only need a functioning infrastructure but also various information systems to handle data in the process. The purpose of this thesis was to study how a completely new information system for handling energy information collected in the process of charging electric cars could be built by using existing energy sector information systems. The research problem for this thesis was provided by Empower IM Oy. The research for this thesis was mainly done by studying the OCPP protocol and design documents of Empower IM’s information systems. Some of the information was collected by interviewing specialists and by participating in meetings and presentations. The end result of this thesis is a data model for ESSP, a study of the OCPP protocol and use cases how the OCPP is used in ESSP functions. The data model describes how the objects of electric vehicle charging are modelled using the EnerIM CIS database.
Wireless charging effects on audio integration in mobile devices
The electric car : development and future of battery, hybrid and fuel-cell cars
The purpose of the thesis was to find out what parameters have an effect on the efficiency of the wireless charging based on the Qi standard from the Wireless Power Consortium. Based on these findings, it was pondered what things needs be taken into account in terms of the efficiency when wireless charging is integrated in to a mobile device. The study consisted of getting acquainted with the electromagnetic induction, the Qi standard and other important topics that are part of every wireless power transfer system. Measurements with different materials and with varying mobile device positions on the wireless charging pad were also done. The coupling factor which depends on the alignment of the coils is a key factor for good efficiency. An inferior coupling can still be slightly compensated by making the power receiver better with high quality factor coils. Shielding the mobile device properly to ensure high efficiency power transfer with every power transmitter design in the Qi standard is also important. The measurements provided data on how the efficiency changes when the alignment of the coils becomes worse. The ferrite sheet measurements also provided possible solutions worth considering for future projects.
Implementation of Prosa2003 in a software engineering laboratory
Flexible loads in smart grids : charging solutions for electric vehicles and storage space heating
Elecric vehicle conversion : battery, recharging and energy system for a Toyota Yaris
Solar mobile power supply
Battery performance at high power applications
Automatic testing procedure for mobile phone's batteries and chargers
A modular test method for chargers against compliance test limits
Alternators and Starter Motors
The death and life of the music industry in the digital age
Aspects of electric vehicles and demand response in electricity grids
In this bachelor thesis, general topics of the battery technology used in the hybrid and the electric vehicles including the battery management system will be discussed. This thesis will go also through general ideas related to the charging system of the electric and the hybrid vehicles including thoughts about the charging infrastructure. As a result of this thesis there are ideas presented, which can be utilized at the same time when the actual conversion of the vehicle will be executed. In this project, the students made a plan how to convert a Toyota Yaris passenger car to an electric vehicle. This kind of a project is the first in our school and therefore all things faced are quite new for project members. I personally spent my last year abroad in Austria in Fachhochschule Joanneum. FH-Joanneum has a wide knowledge about the content of the hybrid and the electric vehicles. FH-Joanneum is a significant university of applied sciences in Europe and it has projects among others within the EU in the field of electric vehicles. Three students got their thesis topics from this project. The other topics which are done are "Initial measurements and sample calculations" by Sami Heikkinen and "Comparison of electric motors and comparison of different controlling systems" by Antti Juutila.  My part of the project was to select and dimension an appropriate battery system for the vehicle. Another target was to make an outline for the recharging and regenerative energy recovery systems for the vehicle. This thesis was carried out under supervision of Markku Ikonen of the home university and Hubert Berger of FH-Joanneum.
Wireless charging integration for mobile devices
Download! : how the internet transformed the record business
Life Cycle Assessment and Comparison of Power, Light, and Content Options for the SunEdu Project
Application and promotion of wireless charging technology
Communication methods measurement and analysis on PDAs
Batteries in a portable world : a handbook on rechargeable batteries for non-engineers
Laturi : USB-C Fast Charger
Effects of electric vehicles charging on the power system
Building a foundation for an energy station service platform
Lapua shooting and reloading manual
Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure : Global Analysis of EVCSs and their Power Source
Rechargeable batteries applications handbook : Gates Energy products
Electric vehicle conductive charging system. General requirements / Part 24
Electric vehicle conductive charging system. Part 1, General requirements
Data download on the move in visible light communications : design and analysis
