http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26599 graphic short stories
graphic short stories
League of Extraordinary Gentlemen : Century : 1969
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
The French comics theory reader
Eye of the majestic creature : issues 1-4
Fablewood : anthology
Sherlock Holmesin muistelmat : The memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
The adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Vol. 2
Graphic novels and comics in libraries and archives : essays on readers, research, history and cataloging
Heads or tails : stories by Lilli Carré
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Century: 1969
How to be happy
A collection of literary comics exploring joy, anguish, fear, and loneliness.
Honeymoon island
The casebook of Sherlock Holmes
Priceless honey
Peepholes
Graphic novels : everything you need to know
Adult comics : an introduction
Graphic storytelling and visual narrative : principles and practices from the legendary cartoonist
A single match
Heads or tails : stories
"Two teenaged punk-rock girls hitchhike their way across Italy without a penny in their pockets. Set in 1984, Ulli Lust's Today is the last day of the rest of your life is an intimate, detailed, funny, touching, and dramatic chronicle of several eventful months in the life of the author as she and her new best friend Edi make their way from Vienna, Austria to Sicily. There is sex. There are drugs. There is rock 'n' roll. And there are stints in jail, inclement weather, panhandling, life lessons, new friendships, acts of kindness and acts of betrayal-- and, this being Sicily, some uncomfortably close brushes with the Organization Whose Name You Mustn't Mention" .
The lonesome go
Fisherman's lodge and other stories
A last cry for help
Alan Moore's writing for comics. Volume one
Stray cat
Foster sons and cotton girls : nine tales from Tampere
De:Tales : Stories from urban Brazil
Kaoru Mori : Anything and something
The Best American comics. 2012
In the few short years since he began his pamphlet-size comic book series Lose, Michael DeForge has announced himself as an important new voice in alternative comics. His brash, confident, undulating artwork sent a shock wave through the comics world for its unique, fully formed aesthetic. From its opening pages, Ant Colony immerses the reader in a world that is darkly existential, with false prophets, unjust wars, and corrupt police officers, as it follows the denizens of a black ant colony under attack from the nearby red ants. On the surface, itś the story of this war, the destruction of a civilization, and the ants áll too familiar desire to rebuild. Underneath, though, Ant Colony plumbs the deepest human concernsĺoneliness, faith, love, apathy, and more. All of this is done with humor and sensitivity, exposing a world where spiders can wreak unimaginable amounts of havoc with a single gnash of their jaws. DeForgeś striking visual sensibilityśtark lines, dramatic color choices, and brilliant use of page and panel spaceśtands out in this volume.
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Volume III: Century, Book 2 : 1969
A drunken dream and other stories
Aetheric mechanies : a graphic novella
Nevermore : a graphic adaptation of Edgar Allan Poe's short stories
Shadow show : stories in celebration of Ray Bradbury
Pope hats. Number 4
I love Led Zeppelin : Panty-dropping comics
Echo : atomic dreams
Killing and dying : six stories
I'm never coming back
Asian beat. Vol 1
"Featuring the Ashen Princess, the Line Inspector, trainloads of Devils, Trudy, Valentina, and the Talking Jacket, Poem Strip--a pathbreaking graphic novel from the 1960s--is a dark and alluring investigation into mysteries of love, lust, sex, and death by Dino Buzzati, a master of the Italian avant-garde".
Secret ingredients : the New Yorker book of food and drink
A lighthearted travelogue--rendered in the form of a graphic novel--about a mother and daughter's life-changing six-week trip to Paris is comprised of the graphic artist daughter's illustrations of the sights and scenes they visited while each was facing a milestone birthday.
Please release
Plots unlimited : for the writer of novels, short stories, plays, screenplays and television episodes : a creative source for generating a virtually limitless number and variety of story plots and outlines
Today is the last day of the rest of your life
The Devil's secret
You don't say : short stories 2004-2013
Judgment day and other stories
Red snow
Snapshots
Gardens of Fiesole : life-story of Alvar Aalto. Vol. 1, The years 1898-1927
Alan Moore, writer of the top-selling graphic novels V For Vendetta and Watchmen returns with this new title starring some of the biggest names from the WildStorm Universe and beyond! This slam-bang title features a tale that pits the covert action team known as the WildCats against the demonic hero called Spawn. Also included are hard-hitting tales of Majestic, Voodoo, Deathblow and more.
The armed garden and other stories
Gary Gianni's MonsterMen and other scary stories
"This book presents a collection of key theoretical texts on comics, spanning a period from the 1960s to the 2010s, written in French and never before translated into English. The publication brings a distinctive set of authors together uniting theoretical scholars, artists, journalists, and comics critics. Readers will gain access to important debates that have taken place among major French-language comics scholars, including Thierry Groensteen, Benoît Peeters, Jan Baetens, and Pierre Fresnault-Deruelle, over the past fifty years. The collection covers a broad range of approaches to the medium, including historical, formal, sociological, philosophical, and psychoanalytic. A general introduction provides an overall context, and, in addition, each of the five thematic sections is prefaced by a brief summary of each text and an explanation of how they have influenced later work. The translations are faithful to the originals while reading clearly in English, and, where necessary, cultural references are clarified."--Provided by publisher.
2000 AD presents : Sci-fi thrillers
French milk
Angst [1] : The best of Norwegian comics
Prince of stories : the many worlds of Neil Gaiman
Jamilti & other stories
The Best American comics. 2009
It's dark in London : a graphic collection of short stories
