http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p265 self-confidence
self-confidence
Bobbi Brown pretty powerful : beauty stories to inspire confidence : start-to-finish makeup techniques to achieve fabulous looks
Sausages or sticks
Confidence : The art of getting whatever you want
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
Molly Moon stops the world
Only pack what you can carry : my path to inner strenght
The official FA guide to psychology for football
Artist's way for retirement : it's never too late to discover creativity and meaning
Motivating students to learn
Whose life is it anyway? : living through your 20s on your own terms
The resilient child : preparing todays youth for tomorrows world
Feel the fear and do it anyway
Monster blood tattoo. Book one, Foundling
One hundred names
The power of no : take back your life with a two-letter word
Confidence in a minute : 10 steps to getting what you want fast
The self-esteem workbook
The big book of leadership games : quick, fun activities to improve communication, increase productivity, and bring out the best in your employees
The chimp paradox
Go big or go home : taking risks in life, love, and tattooing
Changing course : inspiration, ideas and insights for starting again from the CEO who became a caddie
The artist's way workbook
Self-disclosure
Wow! It's great being a duck
Thinking, fast and slow
Teenage beauty : everything you need to look pretty, natural, sexy & awesome
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Self-efficacy beliefs of adolescents
The lion inside
The chimp paradox : the mind management program to help you achieve success, confidence, and happiness
Playing big : a practical guide for brilliant women like you
Twelve-year-old Addie tries to cope with her mother's erratic behavior and being separated from her beloved stepfather and half-sisters when she and her mother go to live in a small trailer by the railroad tracks on the outskirts of Schenectady, New York.
Raising our children, raising ourselves
The secret to success
A duck so small
Coaches guide to sport psychology
Motivation, ability and confidence building in people
Cosmic ordering for beginners  : the Mohr method
The 21 golden rules for Cosmic ordering
Waiting for normal
Happy kids : the secret to raising well-behaved, contented children
Self-esteem : paradoxes and innovations in clinical theory and practice
A woman in your own right
Building self-esteem in the elementary schools : teacher's manual and instructonal materials
Building self-esteem : strategies for success in school and beyond
Confidence : how winning streaks and losing streaks begin and end
With a fresh, sympathetic and reassuring approach, Uncoupling provides tried-and-tested advice that will help anyone going through a break-up. It is the book that Sara looked for - and couldn't find - when going through the process herself, so she is only too well aware how few places people feel they can turn to for compassionate and practical advice. Uncoupling combines Sara's extensive training in life-coaching techniques, her cutting-edge work with those who are themselves 'uncoupling', and her own personal experience. Her advice will show you how to navigate the pitfalls and will make the process easier. It is all about being in emotional control and Uncoupling will help you build your personal strength so that you can deal with the rollercoaster of emotions more effectively, enabling you to move forwards. It is all about putting you back in control.
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Brian Mayne's self mapping : the practical workbook : how to awaken to your true self
The Hamlet syndrome : overthinkers who underachieve
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
Approval addiction : overcoming your need to please everyone
An introduction to improving your self-esteem
The power of positive thinking
Handsfree : David Lega's inspiring journey
Egonomics : what makes ego our greatest asset (or most expensive liability)
Within : a spiritual awakening to love & weight loss
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
The Confidence Myth : why Women Undervalue Their Skills, and How to Get Over It
You can if you think you can
Rock on : a story of guitars, gigs, girls, and a brother (not necessarily in that order)
Sweethearts : a novel
The universe has your back : transform fear to faith
Uncoupling : how to survive and thrive after breakup & divorce
Self-esteem at work : how confident people make powerful companies
Focused for soccer
That dog!
Development of understanding and self-confidence in mathematics; grades 5-8
Molly Moon, Micky Minus and the mind machine
Using psychology in the classroom
Bright-sided : how the relentless promotion of positive thinking has undermined America
Skip the guilt trap : simple steps to help you move on with your life
Boost your confidence with NLP : simple techniques for a more confident and successful you
How to have a Big Life : sharing simple secrets of success
Self-esteem : the new reformation
Speak Out, Step Up, Act NO. Not only do we need more female leaders at the top, but we need more women at all levels of business, government, and nonprofits to step up-there's no time to waste. The problem, says Helene Lerner, isn't so much that women lack confidence but that they misunderstand what confidence really is. True confidence isn't fearlessness; it's having the courage to jump in even when your knees are shaking. Any woman who waits until she feels 100 percent confident before offering a big idea or asking for a raise or promotion will never get anywhere. Drawing on her own and other.
Beyond self-esteem : developing a genuine sense of human value
Playing big : find your voice, your vision and make things happen
Realism in confidence judgements of semantic and episodic knowledge
Self-development : Building self-esteem : How to replace self-doubt with confidence and well-being
Raising resilient children : fostering strength, hope, and optimism in your child
Zippo the super hippo
A parcel for Anna Browne
Emerson and self-reliance
In touch : how to tune in to the inner guidance of your body and trust yourself
Confidence : overcoming low self-esteem, insecurity, and self-doubt
Burnt toast : and other philosophies of life
Becoming emotionally intelligent
Self-esteem games : 300 fun activities that children feel good about themselves
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
Revolution from within : a book of self-esteem
Come on, Tiger Tom
The six pillars of self-esteem
From infancy we are taught to edit ourselves, trimming out the darker, weirder, less acceptable parts in order to please others. But this addiction to approval is holding us back. What if we begin to be ourselves, honestly and fully? Insanely Gifted shows how to transform our thinking and turn our inner demons into allies. How to reframe disappointment (because not getting what we want can be as interesting and useful as getting what we want). Through techniques to become aware of our Inner Critic, and exercises such as Full Body Listening, Catto invites us to better know our deepest instincts and unlock our true power.
The complete artist's way : creativity as a spiritual practice
Quiet power : the secret strengths of introverts
"Written specifically for teachers, this book offers a wealth of research-based principles for motivating students to learn. Its focus on motivational principles rather than motivation theorists or theories leads naturally into discussion of specific classroom strategies. Throughout the book these principles and strategies are tied to the realities of contemporary schools (e.g., curriculum goals) and classrooms (e.g., student differences, classroom dynamics). The author employs an eclectic approach to motivation that shows how to effectively integrate the use of extrinsic and intrinsic strategies. Guidelines are provided for adapting motivational principles to group and individual differences and for doing "repair work" with students who have become discouraged or disaffected learners."--BOOK JACKET.
Fostering self-efficacy in higher education students
Overcoming low self-esteem : talks with your therapist
The Yes
Rochelle the star spotter fairy
Self-esteem : research, theory, and practice
Emotional healing and self-esteem : inner-life skills of relaxation, visualisation and meditation for children and adolescent
Trust in educational leadership : Finnish way
Raising boys : why boys are different - and how to help them become happy and well-balanced men
"The monumental bestseller Quiet has been recast in a new edition that empowers introverted kids and teens    Susan Cain sparked a worldwide conversation when she published Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking. With her inspiring book, she permanently changed the way we see introverts and the way introverts see themselves.  The original book focused on the workplace, and Susan realized that a version for and about kids was also badly needed. This book is all about kids' world--school, extracurriculars, family life, and friendship. You'll read about actual kids who have tackled the challenges of not being extroverted and who have made a mark in their own quiet way. You'll hear Susan Cain's own story, and you'll be able to make use of the tips at the end of each chapter. There's even a guide at the end of the book for parents and teachers.  This insightful, accessible, and empowering book, illustrated with amusing comic-style art, will be eye-opening to extroverts and introverts alike"--
XI world congress of the World federation of the deaf : Proceedings  : Equality and self-reliance = Egalité et confiance en soi : Tokyo, Japan 2. - 11.7.1991
Summary.
Be your own life coach : how to take control of your life and achieve your wildest dreams
Confidence : transform the way you feel so you can achieve the things you want
Supporting students' self-esteem in English classes : a comparison between CLIL and regular classes
Efficacy, agency, and self-esteem
In her latest book, The Universe Has Your Back,New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live.  Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power.  Gabrielle says, "My commitment with this book is to wake up as many people as possible to their connection to faith and joy. In that connection, we can be guided to our true purpose: to be love and spread love. These words can no longer be cute buzz phrases that we merely post on social media. Rather, these words must be our mission. The happiness, safety, and security we long for lies in our commitment to love."   When readers follow this path, they'll begin to feel a swell of energy move through them. They will find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain. Follow the secrets revealed in this book to unleash the presence of your power and know always that The Universe Has Your Back.
You can be happy : the scientifically proven way to change how you feel
Subject expertise among teacher students of English and Swedish : the ideal language teacher and self-efficacy beliefs
Insanely gifted : turn your demons into creative rocket fuel
Ultimate confidence : the secrets to feeling good about yourself each day
The assertive woman
I can handle it! : how to have a confident child
Molly Moon's incredible book of hypnotism
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Somebody should have told us! : simple truths for living well : the mind-spirit connection
On the relation of optimism and self-esteem to sensual-aesthetic capacity and subjective health
Abundance now : amplify your life and achieve prosperity today
Enhancing self-esteem in the classroom
Molly Moon's hypnotic time-travel adventure
The magic of thinking big
How to look good naked : can change your life
"A discussion of the power of introverts for kids and teens with a focus on school, family life, and friendship"--
