http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26500 drama movies
drama movies
Home of the brave
About Alex
The rising : the ballad of Mangal Pandey
The pursuit of happyness
The natural
River of no return
The Homesman
Harha-askelia New Yorkissa
Son of God
The death of Charlie Countryman
A Dangerous Method
Up in the air/Revolutionary road
If I Stay
When the game stands tall
Rooman valtakunnan tuho : The Fall of the Roman Empire
The Babe : Yksi ylitse muiden
Great expectations : Suuria odotuksia
Of love and shadows
Good night, and good luck
the Fountain
American hustle
The Invisible woman
Boys of Abu Ghraib
Beasts of the Southern Wild
We don't live here anymore
Battle of the pacific
Fighting Tommy Riley
The Longest Ride
The Rising : the ballad of Mangal Pandey
Boys and girls
The invisible woman
Berberian sound studio
The Karate kid 2
Rob the mob
Les misérables : the musical phenomenon
Black swan
The blue lagoon
King of sorrow
Into the white
The testament of Thomas Miller : a feature film script
Drum pet : the boy who drummed his life away
A Woman in Berlin
The Good night
King of salsa
Away from her
American history X
Get on up
Eat Pray Love
The Bling ring
Tully
The Descendants
Billy Elliot
The best exotic Marigold Hotel
A Christmas carol
The longest ride
Once
The sessions
The girl in the park
Fire with fire
The flowers of war
The next best thing
The beaver
Bleeding heart
Rudy : Rudy Giulianin tarina
Logline:  Underrated and fed up with his life, Henri decides to kill himself, but when meeting a  man who tries to help him die, he gets on a journey where he gradually discovers how  to live.  Synopsis:  Henri is middle aged, underrated, lonely and his mother has just died. Henri's crush  doesn't notice him. Even his cat despises him. The system Henri lives in, abuses its  inhabitants. As long as you're alive, you have to pay. Henri has gone through his life  without a say in anything. His mother blamed Henri for everything wrong in her life.  Henri gets a confirmation to what she always said. That him being born was a mistake.  Henri has had enough. He decides to jump off a bridge. Henri is stopped by a man,  Thomas, who suggests they start planning suicide together. Henri's and Thomas' suicide  duo starts, an unusual friendship which developes as Thomas tries to help Henri die. As  they try to find the perfect way to go, Thomas is actually secretly teaching Henri how to  live. This happens gradually as Thomas gives Henri new experiences while emphasizing  the meaning of closures and portaying suicide as pragmatic and tedious. In the course,  Henri starts to change and get out of his shell.  As Henri starts questioning Thomas' reasons, he hears about Hanna, Thomas' daughter,  who he abandoned years ago. Thomas' teachings are starting to backfire, as Henri  decides that Thomas must reap what he sows, and get a closure by meeting Hanna.  Although Thomas tries to obstruct, they get on the road towards Åland. As they are  getting closer, their relationship starts to crack as the tension is rising. Then, a terrible  accident happens. Thomas falls down, hits his head badly and ends up in a coma. Henri  reverts back to his old feelings. He is all alone again. He has lost his only friend.  Henri is torn, but he still decides to get Thomas' closure. He goes to meet Hanna, who  doesn't take the news well of his father, whom she thought was dead. As Henri has  learned how to stick up for himself, he tries to reason with her. Eventually, Hanna  agrees to see him. And after she sees Thomas, she wants to get him home. If not for  getting better, then to die in a familiar place. System acts twisted again, and they end up  stealing Thomas from the hospital. Together with Hanna, they go through the emotions  of letting go of Thomas, at the same time getting to know and finding comfort from  each other. And who knows, maybe even future. As Henri takes off Thomas' life  support, he has learned to live and understood what Thomas was trying to teach him.
The time being
Hollywood wives : Uusi sukupolvi
Wyatt Earp's Revenge
Tilly Trotter
Midnight's children : Keskiyön lapset
The Soloist
The man who cried = Onnen kulkurit
Drum Pet (The Boy Who Drummed His Life Away) is a drama of a demented, child-like  man who tells his life story in a retrospect to his nurse: how his biggest dream,  becoming a fantastic drummer, caused him to lose the thing he loved most, his family.  But after the truth unravels, he shall get the redemption from his daughter... who was  his caretaker all along.  TED MURPHY is in a care home treated by a NURSE he doesn't recognise to be his  daughter. Getting back his tin drum – a token from his childhood – triggers him  memories and he starts to tell his life story to the nurse. He was just a little boy when  his father abandoned him and left him the drum that is to become the centre object of  his life. Unable to deal with his sorrow, he escapes into the world of music and swears  he'd never grow up. His mom starts calling him the DRUM PET.  In his early adulthood Ted finds immense happiness: ANNA, the love of his life, and the  daughter they get, MAYA. But he shatters it all by choosing music, a grand tour with his  band, over his family. As he leaves, he gives his daughter the tin drum. Soon after he  loses his ability to play. Not knowing who he is after he isn't a father anymore, Ted  drifts into oblivion.  But all is not lost yet. Ultimately Ted overcomes his need to escape, dares to tell the  truth out loud – and finds his way back to Maya.
Trade of innocents
The memory keeper's daughter
