http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2656 law firms
law firms
Better call Saul. season one
The associate
Ophelia in pieces
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 5
Losing her job at New York City's largest law firm in the weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, Samantha becomes an unpaid intern in a small Appalachian community, where she stumbles upon dangerous secrets
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 1
Gatekeepers : the professions and corporate governance
With wisdom
Law Company ERP Software Market Analysis of St. Petersburg and Stockholm - CASE: CSI Helsinki Oy
Gray mountain : a novel
The end of lawyers? : rethinking the nature of legal services
Gray mountain
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 2
The Orange firm : the story of Roschier
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 4
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 7
Tomorrow's lawyers : an introduction to your future
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 6
Information needs of lawyers : a case study evaluating the information needs of lawyers in a major City law
Online recruiting : comparison of Finland's leading law offices
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 3
Eversheds magazine
Avoiding extinction : reimagining legal services for the 21st century
Every company these days, regardless of the field of business they operate in, is looking for the most talented employees. They also strive to get the best possible results from their recruiting process by attracting and recruiting the best talents. At the same time they want the process to be cost-efficient and relatively quick. Traditionally-used recruiting methods include advertising in different newspapers and magazines, as well as word-of-mouth recruiting. The Internet has become a new channel for recruiting; it's open 24 hours a day, seven days week. Nowadays companies are also increasingly planning their recruitment strategies in ways so that both the print media and the Internet support each other in this process. This thesis focuses on a comparison of recruitment communication and strategies of the three largest law firms in Finland; Castrén & Snellman, Hannes Snellman and Roschier. As all three are in direct competition with each other, the main focus is on analyzing their online recruiting communications and marketing. Emphasis is also given to an examination of the overall recruiting process and if the companies' internal marketing strategies become clear from looking at their homepages. This research does not examine advertising in the print media; it looks only at online recruiting. The primary objective set for this research was to find out how each company has utilized the possibilities offered by the Internet, as well as too see how these companies differ in their online communication and to find out if perhaps the law firms are not as homogenous in their external communications as is commonly thought.
