http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2658 public health service
public health service
Teamwork in primary health care
Managerial competencies and training needs in the Finnish and Estonian social and health care industries : The Health and Welfare Institutions Cooperation Network HEWENET -project
Law and ethics in the practice of psychiatry
Oral health status and self-rated health in 80 year-old community dwelling people
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
SOID - A local NGO supporting the well-being of orphans
The story of health
Public health nursing
A Guide For Requirement Specification Of Identity And Access Management In Health Care
eHealth of Finland : check point 2006
A history of education in public health : health that mocks the doctors' rules
For the public's health : the role of measurement in action and accountability
Management and organization of developing health systems
Operational guidelines for social marketing projects in public health and nutrition
Evaluating the suitability of applying the Balanced Scorecard to public health care organisation. The case of Medical District of Helsinki and Uusimaa (HUS)
The European health report 2002.
Perceptions of health : water and sanitation problems in rural and urban communities in Nigeria
Health in Finland [Elektroninen aineisto]
Ethical Issues on eHealth
The object of this Master’s thesis was to describe the basic functionalities provided by identity and access management system (IAM) and their suitability for a health care environment. Specifying and defining the IAM project began in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District in 2007. The preliminary work for enabling identity and access management automation has been done ever since. Most of the requirement specification work was done during the autumn 2013 for the IAM SSO project in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District. The work consisted of studying various aspects of identity and access management and also analyzing the current state and describing the target state. The studying process consisted of understanding and describing authoritative requirements of IAM in health care, discovering the special features of IAM in Finnish health care and defining the basic IAM use cases in health care. The result of the study was that identity and access management processes should be guided with strict working period or service period information. They are the master data for both internal and external users. They can be used to define user rights, access rights and their active and inactive periods. The quality of the master data affects the whole IAM process. Attaching smart cards to AD enables network and domain login but also managing complicated multi-role identities. IAM is a never-ending process. After critical and key systems have been integrated to an IAM system, there will always be yet another integration to be built. New information systems will be deployed and they need to be integrated to the IAM system. The legislation changes all the time, and the organization structures will also change from time to time. All these affect IAM processes and the functionalities of the IAM system. A properly maintained IAM system will help dealing with the changes.
Managing the business of health care
How do chinese immigrants experience the Finnish health care system and does it meet their needs : in the metropolitan area in Finland
The new public health
Occupational health law
Conceptions of IPE   among medical and  health  care students at the first  semester
National strategy for health technology assessment
Abstract.
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The millennium development goals report 2012
Primary health care : maternal and child nutrition : community diagnosis result from Western Kenya
Wellbeing and Health Promotion of Exchange Students at Tampere University of Applied Sciences : An Orientation Booklet on Health Promotion
Integrating managed care and ethics : transforming challenges into positive outcomes
Reducing inequalities in health : a European perspective
Dental service utilization, dental health production and equity in dental care : the Finnish experience
Safe pharmacotherapy : national guide for pharmacotherapy in social and health care : an abbreviated version
An introduction to health planning in developing countries
State intervention in medical care : consequences for Britain, France, Sweden, and the United States
Health and health care in the Third World
Health economics for nurses : an introductory guide
Co-development of work and information systems : an analysis of the construction of the Activity­Driven ISD methodology in 2001-2013
Clinical textbook of dental hygiene and therapy
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to explore the experiences of Chinese immigrants living in the Metropolitan area in Finland on the Finnish health care services and does it meet their needs. The study is part of the LOG-Sote project (Local and Global development in the social and health care), which aims to improve the health care services in Finland towards more immigrant friendly direction. Increasing knowledge about new cultures improves the interaction with patients from different cultural environments and social backgrounds. The Chinese immigrants are the fifth biggest immigrant group in Finland and their experiences on the Finnish health care services have not been explored before. Fourteen individual interviews were conducted during September and October 2011. All the participants were Chinese who are living in the Metropolitan area in Finland. The participants arrived to Finland between the years 1989 and 2005 and the reasons for the arrival varied. The data collection method was semi-structured interviews with open-ended questions. Data was analyzed by using the inductive content analysis. The results showed that generally the Finnish health care services are valued and the system is good. The Chinese trusted the Finnish health care workers' professionalism and the quality of the care was high according to the participants. The Chinese immigrants felt valued and equal to the native Finns. Few of the participants said that the access to the services and the care received was better to the immigrants than to the Finns, nevertheless, majority of the participants had difficulties when accessing the care. They did not understand how the Finnish health care system works or where to seek help. Health care workers' lack of facial expressions leaded to feelings that the staff was cold towards the Chinese. Language created problems when accessing the care while communicating with the health care workers. Even though the language was a big problem, participants mentioned that the Finns have a good heart and are helpful in problematic situations. The results of the study indicate that cultural competence should be increased among the Finnish health care staff in order to respond the needs of the immigrant groups from different backgrounds. Information on the Finnish health care should be provided in multiple languages so that the access and understanding of the system would be easier. The health care workers should encounter the patient with smile and show emotions on their faces.
Health development : a study of the determinants of health and the distribution of perceived health in Afghanistan, Armenia and the Russian Federation
Executive summary (s. 9-13).
Mental health policy, plans and programmes : (updated version)
Developing a consolidated management view by integrating financial, operational and clinical data
Evidence-based healthcare
BMC health services research
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
Private complaints and public health : Richard Titmuss on the national health service
Recent developments in the Norwegian health care system : pointing in what direction?
Fundamentals of case management : guidelines for practicing case managers
Economics of health care financing : the visible hand
Priority setting : the health care debate
Summary (s. 3-9).
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Progress report on the global response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, 2003 : executive summary
Professions, new public management and the European welfare state
Development and application of comprehensive medication review procedure to community-dwelling elderly
Volunteer health workers in Iran as social activists : can "governmental non-governmental organisations" be agents of democratisation?
Health status and health policy : quality of life in health care evaluation and resource allocation
Logic model development guide : using logic models to bring together planning, evaluation and action
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
OECD reviews of health care systems : Korea
Rapid appraisal and health policy
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
Summary (s. 9-11).
Health, population and development in Asia and the Pacific
Improving the operation of an emergency department by using a simulation model
Public health : ethical issues
Collaboration in health and welfare : working with difference
Communication accommodation between healthcare providers at a private hospital in England : how does identity talk?
It in healthcare : artefacts, infrastructures and medical practices
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
Depressive disorders in primary health care
Multicultural competence in nursing: experience of patients and families.
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Progress report on the global response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, 2003
Introduction to community based nursing
A guide for requirement specification of identity and access management in health care
The consumer in public services : choice, values and difference
Health care in Finland
Health care systems in transition
Health & social care in the community
Inequity in access to health care services according to labor market status
Philips Healthcare:  The purchasing process and decision-making choice criteria in  public healthcare
Primary health care : Medicine in its place
Health care economics, hospital management and cost accounting : a bibliography
Reforming health care systems
Primary health care : reorienting organisational support
NFC as an Instrument for Better Health: Assessing the Conceivability of Utilizing NFC Technology in Health and Medical Marketing
Healthcare teams : building continuous quality improvement : facilitator's guide
Managing diversity in health care manual : proven tools and activities for leaders and trainers
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
A computer-based simulation to enhance official communication in the health care process : how does it promote the facilitating and learning processes?
Allocating health care resources
OECD reviews of health systems : Finland
How to teach eHealth
Innovative care for chronic conditions : building blocks for action
WHO resource book on mental health, human rights and legislation : stop exclusion, dare to care
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Multicultural competence in nursing : experience of patients and families
Health outcomes : biological, social, and economic perspectives
Quality management in social welfare and health care for the 21st century : national recommendation
Public health and interprofessional health promotion : an interprofessional education pilot
Eliciting people's preferences for the distribution of health : a procedure for more precise estimation of distributional weights
New directions in health care policy
Mentoring in nursing and healthcare : a practical approach
Improving health in the United States : the role of health impact assessment
Summary (s. xxv-xxviii).
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Justice in allocating health care resources
Embracing the wickedness of health care : essays on reforms, wicked problems and public deliberation
The reform of health care : a comparative analysis of seven OECD countries
The Danish Pharmacy Act 2015 : amendments concerning community pharmacies
Resilient health care. volume 3, reconciling work-as-imagined and work-as-done
Faculty of health sciences' research day symposium 2017 : effectiveness of health care : abstracts
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Public health and medical research in India : their origins under the impact of British colonial policy
Laatupainotetut elinvuodet terveydenhuollon vaikuttavuuden arvioinnissa : järjestelmällinen kirjallisuuskatsaus = Use of quality-adjusted life years for the estimation of effectiveness of health care : a systematic literature review
Telemedicine in the Nordic Countries : attitudes and diffusion
Health care management
Executive summary.
Anti-paternalism and public health policy
Promoting interprofessional education in the University of Oulu
Health : a vital investment for economic development in Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Summary (s. 2-12).
Health and social organization : towards a health policy for the twenty-first century
A history of public health
Networking in health care : programme and abstracts
Evidence-based healthcare & public health : a journal for health policy & management
Third international conference on system science in health care
Asymmetric information and the production of health
Muslim Immigrants' Experiences And Expectations in the Finnish Healthcare System
Implementation of a registry management component for mobile sampling service
EFFECTS OF LANGAUGE BARRIER ON THE HEALTH OF AFRICAN IMMIGRANT WOMEN LIVING IN HELSINKI. : A STUDY ON PREVENTION AND PROMOTIONAL TOOLS.
World disasters report 2000 : focus on public health
Abstract: Multicultural or Transcultural nursing is globally an important aspect of nursing today. it is very important for all healthcare providers to be aware of the existence of cultural differences and appreciate the differences of multiple and various differentiations in healthcare values, beliefs and customs. This knowledge helps in providing a holistic care to the patients. This final project was a part of the LOG-Sote a large research project that focuses on the health issues of ethnic minorities. The purpose of this final project study was to describe patients and families experiences of healthcare services received in multicultural environment. Eight research articles were used for the literature review. The data were collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL AND PUBMED. The articles found described the patients and family members' experiences in different healthcare environment. Two categories and subcategories were found in the patients' and families' experiences. Stress and culture; they are faced with overwhelming stress such as fear about uncertain outcomes of illness, lack of communication and information, changes in roles and responsibility, vulnerability, emotional turmoil and financial concerns, disappointments from the healthcare setting and societal discrimination and migration. However, they depend on their cultural beliefs and values, it protection and their religious practices and this also increase the anxiety. Majority of the participants had experienced stress and felt they had been treated in a biased way. Few participant in the research articled analyzed expressed satisfaction in the care received. Hospitalized patients and families are subjected to stress and this invariably affects the quality of care they receive. This signifies there is a need for more educational awareness in multiculturalism and in its competence.
Health technology assessment : an introduction to objectives, role of evidence, and structure in Europe
Summary.
The Health care systems in the European Union : a comparative analysis : Austria, Finland, Sweden and Norway
Health care reform : learning from international experience
Sociology for nursing and health care
Research for evidence-based practice in healthcare
Implications of demographic ageing in the enlarged EU in the domains of quality of life, health promotion and health care : final report
PREVENTION AS A MODEL OF HEALTH PROMOTION OF KIDNEY FAILURE IN COLLABORATION WITH THE NEPHROLOGY DEPARTMENTS AT HELSINKI UNIVERSITY CENTRAL HOSPITAL, KOLMIO SAIRAALA WARD 6B
Debt relief and health care in Kenya
Health systems in an era of globalization : challenges and oppurtunities for North America : a conference summary = Los sistemas de salud ante la globalización : retos y oportunidades para América del Norte : síntesis de un seminario
Motherhood in family context : comparing professional practices in maternity and child health care in Finland and Scotland
Nordic health care systems : recent reforms and current policy challenges
Utilization of quality management systems in Finnish medical laboratories
Tipping the balance towards primary health care
OECD reviews of health systems : Turkey
Migration and transnational health care : connecting Finland and Somaliland
Culture change for total quality : an action guide for managers in social and health care services
Family doctors' journey to quality
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Social work in the health field : a care perspective : instructor's manual
Internships of highly skilled medical professionals and ways of their professional development between Russia and Finland
Assessing health care : a study in organisational evaluation
Quality and equality of access to healthcare services : HealthQUEST country report for Finland
Clinical leadership & management review
A reorientation of health policy goals and strategies
"All together now: exploring the many faces and facets of integrated care" : recent developments in integrated care in Europe and North America, programme and abstracts
Journal of nursing management
Terveydenhuolto 1982 = Hälsovård 1982 = Health services 1982 ; [julk.: Lääkintöhallitus = Medicinalstyrelsen = National Board of Health]. Lääkintöhallituksen vuosikirja 1981-1982 = Medicinalstyrelsens årsbok 1981-1982 = Yearbook of National Board of Health 1981-1982
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
A guide for caring Muslim patient
Health care reform controlling spending and increasing efficiency / a cross-country econometric analysis / by Ulf-G. Gerdtham...[et al.]
Gender, power and change in health institutions of the European Union
The right to health care in several European countries : expert meeting, held in Rotterdam, Netherlands, April 27-28, 1998
Understanding the health problems of Congolese Refugees
Ethical codes and declarations relevant to the health professions : an Amnesty International compilation of selected ethical texts
The impact of Finnish health sector reforms
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Social work and primary health care
Health care and its financing in the single European market
The core governmental perspectives of e-health
Assessment of telemedicine applications : an update
Health care prioritisation : evolution of the concept, research and policy process
Prevention effectiveness : a guide to decision analysis and economic evaluation
The ethical and organisational aspects of health care in prison : recommendation no. R (98) 7 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 8 April 1998 and explanatory memorandum
Statutory social welfare and health care services
From advocacy to action : a progress report on UNAIDS at country level
The textbook of total quality in healthcare
Total quality and productivity management in health care organizations
Leadership for nursing and allied health care professions
Health and economic development in South-Eastern Europe
An introduction to quality assurance in health care
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Reforming health care : the philosophy and practice of international health reform
Muslim immigrants' experiences and expectations in the Finnish health care system
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
Cross-border health care in Europe
Healthcare teams : building continuous quality improvement
Working for health : an introduction to the World Health Organization
The Finnish health care system : a value-based perspective
Public health and interprofessional   health promotion : an interprofessional education pilot
Changes in the US healthcare landscape: from quantity to quality
The handbook of European welfare systems
Main trends in mHealth use scenarios
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
Health care in Canada : a description and analysis of Canadian health services
PUBLIC HEALTH IN ROMANIA
Health conditions and services in the West Bank and Gaza Strip : study
The purpose of this article is to examine professional practices in matemity and child health care in two countries, Finland and Scotland, concentrating on how motherhood is located in family context, on how family is defined and worked with. Subthemes analysed are the role of fathers, 'family support' fr mothers and the discussion over lone motherhood. The study was carried out through local case studies using ethnographic methods, mainly observation and interviews with health professionals. Results show that Finnish health professionals have adopted a family-oriented way of working emphasising the importance of pair relationships and shared parenthood, compared with their Scottish colleagues, who work in a more women-oriented way and emphasise the role of other women as social support fr mothers. In conclusion the two different professional orientations are connected to wider social and cultural differences between the two countries. .
National reporting systems for patient safety incidents : a review of the situation in Europe
A guide for immigrants about health care system in Finland : Terveysnetti
English summary.
Athletes' health care services in the Finnish sports academies
Towards better usability : usability and end-user participation in healthcare information technology systems development
Benchmarks of fairness for health care reform
Health service in the People's Socialist Republic of Albania
Social security in Finland
Synthèse.
Essentials of adult health nursing ; SueAnn Wooster Ames, Carol Ren Kneisl
Health sector in Nepal : a review of available information and preliminary problem analysis
Developing a successful marketing plan for HELP JSC
Choices for health care : a practical introduction to the economics of health provision
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system performance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
The state of the world's children 2013 : children with disabilities
Cultural competence in health education and health promotion
Health care UK 1995/96 : an annual review of health care policy
Social work in the health field : a care perspective
BMC public health
The future of ageing : policy report on technology, innovation and organisation in European health care
Cost methods for NHS healthcare contracts
