http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26597 network environment
network environment
Designing for e-commerce : a lean UX approach
Abstract.
Digital reputation : characterizing and measuring reputation, reputation risk, and emotional responses to reputation in digital publicity : final report
The psychology of the Internet
Great Webinars : how to create interactive learning that is captivating, informative and fun
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT at a glance
Network security monitoring and anomaly detection in industrial control system networks
Obstacles to online yoga : empirical study on Yoogaia’s passive customers
eHealth and new learning environments in social and health care education
The informal media economy
Pedagogical design and pedagogical usability of web-based learning environments : comparative cultural implications from Africa and Europe
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
"How are "grey market" imports changing media industries? What is the role of piracy in developing new markets for movies and TV shows? How do jailbroken iPhones drive innovation? The Informal Media Economy provides a vivid, original, and genuinely transnational account of contemporary media, by showing how the interactions between formal and informal media systems are a feature of all nations - rich and poor, large and small. Shifting the focus away from the formal businesses and public enterprises that have long occupied media researchers, this book charts a parallel world of cultural intermediaries driving global media production and circulation. It shows how unlicensed, untaxed, or unregulated networks, which operate across the boundaries of established media markets, have been a driving force of media industry transformation. The book opens up new insights on a range of topical issues in media studies, from the creative disruptions of digitisation to amateur production, piracy and cybercrime"--
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
Memoria Virtualis : death and mourning rituals in online environments
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
Impact of status and meme content on the spread of memes in virtual communities
Reinventing discovery : the new era of networked science
Immersion revisited : a review of existing definitions of immersion and their relation to different theories of presence
Qualitative online interviews : strategies, design, and skills
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
Practising photographic art online
The variable position of Arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus (L.)) in subarctic lake food webs
Best practices for teaching with emerging technologies
Learnability makes things click : a grounded theory approach to the software product evaluation
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
The reputation economy : how to optimise your digital footprint in a world where your reputation is your most valuable asset
Identity technologies : constructing the self online
This report outlines how online-based journalistic startups have created their economical locker in the evolving media ecology. The research introduces the ways that startups have found sustainability in the markets of nine countries. The work is based on 69 case studies from Europe, USA and Japan. The case analysis shows that business models can be divided into two groups. The storytelling-oriented business models are still prevalent in our findings. These are the online journalistic outlets that produce original content – news and stories for audiences. But the other group, service-oriented business models, seems to be growing. This group consists of sites that don’t try to monetize the journalistic content as such but rather focus on carving out new functionality. The project was able to identify several revenue sources: advertising, paying for content affiliate marketing, donations, selling data or services, organizing events, freelancing and training or selling merchandise. Where it was hard to evidence entirely new revenue sources, it was however possible to find new ways in which revenue sources have been combined or reconfigured. The report also offers practical advice for those who are planning to start their own journalistic site.
Understanding context : environment, language, and information architecture
Running virtual meetings : test your technology, keep their attention, connect across time zones
Summary in Finnish.
The term immersion continues to be applied inconsistently within and across different fields of research connected with the study of virtual reality and interactive media. Moreover, immersion is oftentimes used interchangeably with the terms presence and engagement. This article details a review of existing definitions of immersion originating within the study of video games, virtual environments, and literary works of fiction. Based on this review, a three-dimensional taxonomy of the various conceptualizations of immersion is proposed. That is, the existing definitions of immersion may be broadly divided into three categories, each representing a dimension of the taxonomy: immersion as a property of a system, a subjective response to narrative contents, or a subjective response to challenges within the virtual environment. Finally, four distinct theories of presence are introduced and, based on the established taxonomy, we discuss how the individual theories relate to existing definitions of immersion.
Methods and tools for collaborative networked organizations
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
User expectations and experiences of mobileaugmented reality services
Backtrack 5 cookbook
BackTrack 5 cookbook : over 80 recipes to execute many of the best known and little known penetration testing aspects of BackTrack 5
An introduction to cyberpsychology
Digital identity and personality : a look at identity formation in light of social networking sites
Business opportunity of municipal sewage sludge treatment in China
The development, implementation and use of e-learning : critical realism and design science perspectives
Dependable cognitive wireless networking:modelling and design
Exploring online self-presentation in computer-mediated environments : motives and reasons for photo-tagging and untagging
Social media and networks as communicative acts : vulnerabilities and possibilities for the pedagogies of the future : an empirical hermeneutical study of Finnish and Greek teachers' and students' experiences
Creating shared understandings of interpersonal relationships in online settings
Campus futurus:perspectives on learning and technology
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Computer games and team and individual learning
Internet marketing : a practical approach
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
On the design of a collaborative online development environment
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
"This practical, insightful book provides a powerful toolset to help information architects, UX professionals, and web and app designers understand and solve the many challenges of contextual ambiguity in the products and services they create. You'll discover not only how to design for a given context, but also how design participates in making context. Learn how people perceive context when touching and navigating digital environments. See how labels, relationships, and rules work as building blocks for context. Find out how to make better sense of cross-channel, multi-device products or services. Discover how language creates infrastructure in organizations, software, and the Internet of Things. Learn models for figuring out the contextual angles of any user experience"--Back cover.
Scrum is the most popular agile project management methodology used in web projects today. While most Scrum books tend to be lengthy textbooks that cover every detail of Scrum for all types of organizations, this highly practical book concentrates solely on how best to apply Scrum in web and mobile development projects.
The book deals with online or web research or how to conduct qualitative and quantitative research in the Internet. Research activities have moved into the Internet, because people and businesses have moved there some of their operations. The net has become a place where people spend more and more of their time. Through the Internet you can research the traditional physical world but on the other hand research may be aimed at the online world itself: what people are doing online, how they operate, how they organise themselves and how they can be influenced. The book also addresses tools for measuring online traffic (web analytics). Methods of conducting research have not changed as the same analytical methods still apply for analysing materials online. The Internet has socialised research activities but not, however, the requirement for knowhow regarding planning, conducting and analyzing research.
Integrating educational technology into English teacher education : a descriptive study on the experiences of Finnish student teachers of English after participation in a web-conferencing project
Computer networks
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
"As social media and Web 2.0 technologies continue to transform the learning trends and preferences of students, educators need to understand the applicability of these new tools in all types of learning environments. Best Practices for Teaching with Emerging Technologies will provide both new and experienced online, hybrid, and face-to-face instructors with: Practical examples of how low-cost and free technologies can be used to support student learning Best practices for integrating web-based tools into a course management system and managing student privacy in a Web 2.0 environment "Showcase" spotlights woven throughout the book, providing examples of how the tools described in the book are already being used effectively in educational settings An easy-to-reference format, organized with visual icons used to delineate each tool's visual, video, voice, and mobile features Ideas for integrating mobile learning into your students' learning experiences This practical, easy-to-use guide will serve the needs of both 2- and 4-year college educators seeking to refresh or transform their instruction. Readers will be rewarded with an ample yet manageable collection of proven emerging technologies that can be leveraged for generating content, enhancing communications with and between students, and cultivating participatory, student-centered learning activities"--
Cybersecurity in the European Union : resilience and adaptability in governance policy
Effects of authentic learning and e-learning in an introductory chemistry laboratory course
Ubiquitous and mobile learning in the digital age
The systemic cognition of e-learning success in internationally operating organizations
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Benchmarking e-learning in higher education : lessons learned from international projects
E-learning in the 21st century : a framework for research and practice
This edited volume includes the most up to date, expanded, and peer reviewed papers from the 2011 CELDA Conference, focusing on the conference theme: Ubiquitous and Mobile Informal and Formal Learning in thr Digital Age. The contributions are aggressively interdisciplinary and cover such timely topics as social web technologies, virtual worlds and games, and location-based and context-aware learning environments. Informal and formal learning settings are explored and a myriad of concrete examples provided to assit the reader in developing curricula, programs, and courses on the topic.
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
Whether you're hosting a conference call or running a WebEx meeting, virtual meetings are ripe for problems. Poor call quality, people forgetting to mute, people staying muted rather than participating--the list of things that can and do go wrong is endless. But you can prepare and lead an effective meeting from afar. This book will quickly bring you up to speed. With guiding principles and tips for making your virtual meeting run smoothly, you'll tick through every item on your agenda. Running Virtual Meetings guides you through the basics of: - Conducting efficient and productive virtual meetings - Preparing for a successful meeting--from crafting a realistic agenda to performing a technological test-drive - Managing common problems, such as connectivity issues, low talkers, blowhards, and background noise - Following up and holding people accountable when your attendees are spread all over the globe.--
This book deals with conducting qualitative and quantitative research on the Internet. Research activity has moved onto the net because people and businesses have transferred part of their activities onto the Internet. On the other hand the net has become a world of its own where people spend more and more of their time. People spend an ever increasing proportion of their time operating on the Internet. Through the Internet you can research the traditional physical world or the Internet has become a medium to conduct research. Alternatively, research may be aimed at the net world itself and its functions: what people do on the net, how they operate and how you can influence them. Influencing requires objective knowledge on the laws governing the world of the Internet. The book also discusses the tools for measuring the Internet traffic or how you can measure the activities of the visitors to the net. Analysis of Internet pages forms its own entirety or web-analysis. Research methods have not changed as the same analysis methods still apply to the analysis of the materials of the qualitative and quantitative research conducted on the Internet. Conducting analyses on the net has revolutionized and eased gathering of data but irrespective of this you must know how to analyze and correctly interpret the collected material. The Internet has socialized research activity but there are elements such as planning, conducting and analyzing of research that it has not socialized. Internet solutions have their own benefits and disadvantages. The book has addressed the planning and reporting of qualitative and quantitative research in a manner that is easy to follow. The closing chapters cover the credibility of research activities and requirements to be set for scientific research. The author has worked in an academic institution lecturing on research methodologies and conducting research on digital marketing.
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
Emancipating and developing learning activity : systemic intervention and re-instrumentation in higher education
Managing successful teams
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
The Routledge companion to digital consumption
Virtual Teams Management: Overcoming the Obstacles to an Effective Team : Case Company: Blooming Twig LLC
The changing faces of virtual education
The art of network architecture
Enterprise portals in e-learning : [welcome to e-learning]
Beginning Java EE 6 platform with GlassFish 3
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Instant penetration testing : setting up a test lab how-to : set up your own penetration testing lab using practical and precise recipes
Serious games and virtual worlds in education, professional development, and healthcare
Abstract: Finnish Air Force cadets in network : experience in use of online learning environment in basic studies of mathematics.
Handbook of digital politics
Advanced penetration testing for highly-secured environments : the ultimate security guide : learn to perform professional penetration testing for highly-secured environments with this intensive hands-on guide
"The first generation that has grown up in a digital world is now in our university classrooms. They, their teachers, and their parents have been fundamentally affected by the digitization of text, images, sound, objects and signals. They interact socially, play games, shop, read, write, work, listen to music, collaborate, produce and co-produce, search and browse very differently than in the pre-digital age. Adopting emerging technologies easily, spending a large proportion of time online, and multitasking are signs of the increasingly digital nature of our everyday lives. Yet consumer research is just beginning to emerge on how this affects basic human and consumer behaviours such as attention, learning, communications, relationships, entertainment and knowledge. The Routledge Companion to Digital Consumption offers an introduction to the perspectives needed to rethink consumer behaviour in a digital age that we are coming to take for granted and which therefore often escapes careful research and reflective critical appraisal"--
Essentials of online course design : a standards-based guide
The non-nonsense guide to training in libraries
Facilitators' and students' conceptions of teaching and learning in simulation-based learning environment
e-learning and social networking handbook : resources for higher education
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Testing IEEE 802.16a-based WiMAX network in urban environment
A framework for children's participation in online environments
A language didactic case study of multiform teaching and studying of Swedish at Helsinki University Langaueg Centre.
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
Analyzing and enhancing the image and content of online courses for non-Finnish students and non-Finnish courses at TAMK and amk.fi portal
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Development of virtual learning material
Online research for preparing your thesis : a guide for conducting qualitative and quantitative research online
Chasing sustainability on the Net : international research on 69 journalistic pure players and their business models
Finland as a business environment for international e-commerce : the role of transport service providers in enabling international small enterprise e-commerce
Doing qualitative research online
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
We examined the influence of meme consistency (vs. inconsistency) and intragroup status on the spread of memes in virtual communities. Prior research suggests that information consistent with the theme of the group is remembered better and that ideas threatening to the group identity are rejected. In addition, previous research shows that low-status group members mimic high-status members and communicate with them to seek information and approval. We analyzed social interactions among members of four online forums from January 1, 2010, to February 21, 2014. Contrary to our prediction, our results show that memes initiated by low-status members spread faster than memes started by high- or moderate-status members. In line with prior research, memes that were consistent with a forum theme were spread more frequently than inconsistent memes..
Stakeholders' conceptions of learning in learning management systems development
The marketing book
Platform revolution : how networked markets are transforming the economy - and how to make them work for you
Political communication in the online world : theoretical approaches and research designs
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
Multiple Connections in RealXtend Architecture
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
