http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2662 eccentrics
eccentrics
The final exam
Scrapped
To be continued, or, Conversations with a toad
Class is not dismissed
How to set a fire and why
Class is not dismissed!
Elagabalus is one of the most notorious of Rome's 'bad emperors': a sexually-depraved and eccentric hedonist who in his short and riotous reign made unprecedented changes to Roman state religion and defied all taboos. An oriental boy-priest from Syria - aged just fourteen when he was elevated to power in 218 CE - he placed the sun god El-Gabal at the head of the established Roman pantheon, engaged in orgiastic rituals, took male and female lovers, wore feminine dress and prostituted himself in taverns and even inside the imperial palace. Since his assassination by Praetorian Guards at the age of eighteen, Elagabalus has been an object of fascination to historians and a source of inspiration for artists and writers. This immensely readable book examines the life of one of the Roman Empire's most colourful figures, and charts the many guises of his legacy: from evil tyrant to firebrand rebel, from mystical androgyne to modern gay teenager, from decadent sensualist to ancient pop star.
In search of the English eccentric
Death of a dreamer
Campari for breakfast
A man of misconceptions : the life of an eccentric in an age of change
Death of a liar : A Hamish Macbeth murder mystery
"How to Set a Fire and Why is a blistering, singular, devastating novel by Jesse Ball ("A young genius who hits all of the right notes." --Chicago Tribune) about a teenage girl who has lost everything and will burn anything. Lucia has been kicked out of school, again, this time for stabbing a boy in the neck with a pencil. Her father is dead; her mother is in a mental institute; and she's living in a garage-turned-bedroom with her aunt. Making her way through the world with only a book, a Zippo lighter, and a pocket full of stolen licorice, Lucia spends her days riding the bus to visit her mother in The Home, avoiding the landlord who hates her, and following the only rule that makes any sense: Don't Do Things You Aren't Proud Of. When Lucia starts at Whistler High it seems no different from the schools that came before: girls play field hockey, chasing the ball like dogs, the school psychologist has beanbag chairs in her office, and detention means sitting silently surrounded by stupid people ("I am a veteran of detention"). But when Lucia discovers a secret Arson Club, she will do anything to be a part of it. With a biting wit and striking intelligence that she can't fully hide, Lucia animates her small-town life: the parties at an abandoned water park, visits to the 24-hour donut shop where her friend Lana's cousin works, the little island in the middle of a medical park where kids go to drink. As Lucia's fascination with the Arson Club grows, her chronicle becomes a riveting story of family, loss, misguided friendship, and destruction"--
Navigating Early
The doldrums
My name is Mina
The boy with the cuckoo-clock heart
Eccentrics : a study of sanity and strangeness
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
The crimes of Elagabalus : the life and legacy of Rome's decadent boy emperor
Navigating early
School of fear
Eccentricity and the cultural imagination in nineteenth-century Paris
Monster on the Hill
Princesses behaving badly : real stories from history - without the fairy-tale endings
The hundred-year-old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared
Saving CeeCee Honeycutt
