http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26660 environmental economics (economic sciences)
environmental economics (economic sciences)
The new economics of outdoor recreation
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Articles on the topic INTERREG IIIC Project "Ökoprofit International"
Economic theory for the environment : essays in honour of Karl-Göran Mäler
The economics of tourism [Ellibs-kirja]
Optimal harvesting of Tectona grandis plantation stands in Costa Rica
Optimal pollution, optimal population, and sustainability
Environmental economics : an introduction
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Renewable natural resources : economics incentives for improved management
Contingent valuation
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
The theory of environmental policy
Allowance demand and supply in the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme during the 1st trading period 2005-2007
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Handbook of bioenergy : bioenergy supply chain - models and applications
Dynamic systems, economic growth and the environment
Endangered species : benefit estimation and policy implicatons
Principles and applications of economic geography : economy, policy, environment
Empowerment and environment in development : a case study of the district women development associations in the Eastern Province of Zambia
Handbook of regional science
Global environmental politics : from person to planet
The EcoCuva model for sustainable enterprising
The circular economy : a wealth of flows
Traffic noise and air pollution : valuation of externalities with hedonic price and contingent valuation methods
Essays on the macroeconomics of climate change
Valuing environmental and natural resources : the econometrics of non-market valuation
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
The international handbook on non-market environmental valuation
Ecological economics : energy, environment and society
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Environmental mortality and long-run growth
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Permit market for stochastic water pollution under non-compliance and market power
Environmental and resource economics : an introduction
Ecological economics : principles and applications
An introduction to the green economy : science, systems and sustainability
Environmental economics : proceedings of a conference held by the Confederation of European Economic Associations at Oxford, 1993
The green economy : environmental sustainable development and the politics of the future
Climate shock : the economic consequences of a hotter planet
Payments for environmental services, forest conservation and climate change : livelihoods in the REDD?
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
This handbook brings together recent advances in the areas of supply chain optimization, supply chain management, and life-cycle cost analysis of bioenergy. These topics are important for the development and long-term sustainability of the bioenergy industry. The increasing interest in bioenergy has been motivated by its potential to become a key future energy source. The opportunities and challenges that this industry has been facing have been the motivation for a number of optimization-related works on bioenergy. Practitioners and academicians agree that the two major barriers of further investments in this industry are biomass supply uncertainty and costs. The goal of this handbook is to present several cutting-edge developments and tools to help the industry overcome these supply chain and economic challenges. Case studies highlighting the problems faced by investors in the US and Europe illustrate the impact of certain tools in making bioenergy an economically viable energy option.
Essays in search activity
No-till technology : benefits to farmers and the environment
Introduction to environmental management
Weak versus strong sustainability : exploring the limits of two opposing paradigms
The Handbook of Regional Science is a multi-volume reference work providing a state-of-the-art knowledge on regional science composed by renowned scientists in the field. The Handbook is intended to serve the academic needs of graduate students, and junior and senior scientists in regional science and related fields, with an interest in studying local and regional socio-economic issues. The multi-volume handbook seeks to cover the field of regional science comprehensively, including areas such as location theory and analysis, regional housing and labor markets, regional economic growth, innovation and regional economic development, new and evolutionary economic geography, location and interaction, the environment and natural resources, spatial analysis and geo-computation as well as spatial statistics and econometrics
Knowledge, space, economy
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
Carbon Pricing reflects upon and further develops the ongoing and worthwhile global debate into how to design carbon pricing, as well as how to utilize the financial proceeds in the best possible way for society. The world has recently witnessed a significant downward adjustment in fossil fuel prices, which has negative implications for the future of our environment. In light of these negative developments, it is important to understand the benefits of environmental sustainability through well-documented research. This discerning book considers the design of carbon taxes and examines the consequential outcomes of different taxation compositions as regulatory instruments. Expert contributors assess a variety of national experiences to provide an empirical insight into the use of carbon taxes, emissions trading, energy taxes and excise taxes. The overarching discussion concludes that successful policies used by some countries can be implemented in other jurisdictions with minimum new research and experimentation. This astute work will benefit scholars, practitioners and policymakers alike with an interest in the fields of environmental law, environmental economics, sustainable development and taxation law.
Environmental and natural resource economics : an encyclopedia
Ecological economics : a workbook for problem-based learning
Journal of environmental management
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
Rediscovering sustainability : economics of the finite earth
Why are we waiting? : the logic, urgency, and promise of tackling climate change
Macroeconomics and the environment
International journal of food, agriculture and environment
Carbon pricing : design, experiences and issues
Land economics
Investment and growth in the time of climate change
Environmental finance and investments
There is emerging evidence that environmental degradation increases human mortality. This paper provides a long-run consumer optimization model in which mortality is endogenous to emissions generated by production. Emissions are assumed to follow the EKC path, first rising and then falling along with output. In the optimum, some deaths are accepted as an exchange for consumption. The model is estimated for the European outdoor air pollution data, showing that Europe has reached the downward sloping segment of the EKC. Economic growth will thus decrease rather than increase air pollution and the associated deaths in most countries in Europe.
Environmental economics : theory and policy
Handbook of environmental economics
Environmental science : systems and solutions
Economic models of material-product chains for environmental policy analysis
This book presents a comprehensive overview of the various aspects for the development of smart cities from a European perspective. It presents both theoreticalconcepts as well as empirical studies and cases of smart city programs and their capacity to create value for citizens. The contributions in this book are a result of an increasing interest for this topic, supported by both national governments and international institutions. The book offers a large panorama of the most important aspects of smart cities evolution and implementation. It compares European best practices and analyzes how smart projects and programs in cities could help to improve the quality of life in the urban space and to promote cultural and economic development.
"In this Very Short Introduction, Stephen Smith shows how the field of environmental economics looks at how economic activity and policy can affect the environment in which we live. The book discusses environmental issues including pollution control, reducing environmental damage, global climate change policies, questions about how we should balance environmental and economic considerations, and what form government policies should take. In recent years, Smith reveals, many economists have argued for greater use of incentives such as pollution charges and emissions trading rather than more traditional direct regulation of polluters. Including many illustrative case studies, this book offers an illuminating introduction to an exciting field of economics."--Publisher's website.
Environmental economics : a very short introduction
Environmental systems studies : a macroscope for understanding and operating spaceship earth
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
Recreation value and quality of Finnish surface waters : revealed preferences, individual perceptions and spatial issues
Cost-efficient nutrient load reduction in agriculture : a short-run perspective on reducing nitrogen and phosphorus in Finland
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Dynamic optimization in environmental economics
Smart city : how to create public and economic value with high technology in urban space
Strategic environmental impact assessment in Finnish bilateral development cooperation : country consultations between Finland and Nepal and Nicaragua
Is the income elasticity of environmental improvements less than one?
The economics of risk and time
Nature and technology : bioeconomics
A new dynamic : effective business in a circular economy
Carbon pricing, growth and the environment
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Sustainable production consumption systems : knowledge, engagement and practice
Wetlands for cost effective abatement of stochastic pollutants
Economic theory and exhaustible resources
On the foundations of monopolistic competition and economic geography : the selected essays of B. Curtis Eaton and Richard G. Lipsey
Survey of the recent literature on the valuation of environmental goods
Introduction to environmental economics
Environmental economics and policy
Comparative assessment of the environmental costs of aquaculture and other food production sectors : methods for meaningful comparisons : FAO / WFT Expert Workshop, 24-28 April 2006, Vancouver, Canada
Is environmental guilt a driving force? : an economic study on recycling
Macroeconomic analysis of environmental policy
Corporate social-responsibility and environmental management
Ecosystem services from agriculture and agroforestry : measurement and payment
Environmental economics : concepts, methods and policies
"This textbook provides a comprehensive introduction to the green economy, using a strongly interdisciplinary approach based on natural resource management rather than treating it as a sub-set of economics. Examples of real-world case studies are used to illustrate how sustainable development can be achieved in practice. In this way, the authors provide a thorough overview of both the principles and practice of the green economy, drawing from a wide range of disciplines including ecology, geography, social science, psychology, sustainability science, environmental science, law and economics"--
Economics of outdoor recreation
The economics and politics of climate change
Environmental quality analysis : theory and method in the social sciences : papers from a resources for the future conference
The emergence and early development of forest resource economic thought : from land and forest valuation to marginal analysis and vintage capital models
