http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2669 SQL
SQL
Hotel System with Java & MySQL
SQL : a beginner's guide
Developing an online book shop application
Order Book and Volume Tracking Tool
Database design : know it all
Defensive database programming with SQL server
The art of SQL
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 for dummies
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 analysis services
Hands-on Microsoft SQL server 2008 : integration services
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 integration services
SQL : the complete reference
Dive deep inside the architecture of SQL Server 2012 Explore the core engine of Microsoft SQL Server 2012--and put that practical knowledge to work. Led by a team of SQL Server experts, you'll learn the skills you need to exploit key architectural features. Go behind the scenes to understand internal operations for creating, expanding, shrinking, and moving databases--whether you're a database developer, architect, or administrator. Discover how to: Dig into SQL Server 2012 architecture and configuration Use the right recovery model and control transaction logging Reduce query execution time through proper index design Track events, from triggers to the Extended Event Engine Examine internal structures with database console commands Transcend row-size limitations with special storage capabilities Choose the right transaction isolation level and concurrency model Take control over query plan caching and reuse
SQL : clearly explained
SQL-99 compelete, really
Beginning PHP and PostgreSQL 8 : from novice to professional
Database processing : fundamentals, design, and implementation
SQL : the structured query language
Introducing Microsoft SQL server 2014
The practical SQL handbook : using SQL variants
Microsoft SQL server 2014 unleashed
Microsoft.NET and SAP
Simulation Software Cooperation with SCADADMS
Implementing WWW, WAP and SMS services with StoryServer 5.0 software
Data mining with Microsoft SQL server 2008
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 pocket consultant
Training kit (Exam 70-462) : administering Microsoft SQL server 2012 databases
SQL for dummies
Head first SQL
BSC Emergency Support Tool for Nokia Siemens Networks
SQL server 2008 administration instant reference
ADO.NET and system.Xml v.2.0 : the beta version
Applied Microsoft SQL server 2008 reporting services : a guide to the leading reporting platform
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation, and management
Beginning T-SQL with Microsoft SQL server 2005 and 2008
The practical SQL handbook : using structured query language
Order book and volume tracking tool
Professional Microsoft SQL server 2008 reporting services
Sams teach yourself SQL in 10 minutes
SQL in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Microsoft® official academic course (70-562) : Microsoft® .NET framework 3.5, ASP.NET application development : lab manual
Windows PowerShell cookbook : [the complete guide to Microsoft's new command shell and scripting language]
Understanding the new SQL : a complete guide
Easy Oracle SQL : get started fast writing SQL reports with SQL Plus
Oracle PL/SQL by example
Organization management in Drupal
Calculation of country of origin
Development of web based recruiting system for Sesca Technologies Oy
MySQL pocket reference
Microsoft SQL server 2008 all-in-one desk reference for dummies(r)
PHP5 and MySQL bible
Professional Microsoft SQL server 2014 integration services
Data analysis using SQL and Excel
SQL injection attacks and defense
Introduction to structured query language version 4.66
SQL for Microsoft Access
Database systems : design, implementation, and management
SQL : the ultimate beginner's guide
Inside Microsoft SQL Server 2005 : the storage engine
MySQL clustering
Beginning Microsoft SQL Server 2008 programming
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-516) : accessing data with Microsoft .NET Framework 4
Microsoft SQL server 6.5 unleashed
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Internals
Discovering SQL : a hands-on guide for beginners
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-433) : Microsoft® SQL Server® 2008 : database development
A first  look at SQL server 2005 for developers
Microsoft SQL server 2005 new features
SQL performance explained : everything developers need to know about SQL performance
Microsoft SQL server 2012 step by step
Professional Microsoft SQL server 2008 programming
SQL : 1999 : understanding erlational language components
Oracle SQL*Plus : the definitive guide
The language of SQL
Simply SQL
Mastering Microsoft SQL server 2005
Joe Celko's SQL for smarties : advanced SQL programming
MySQL : building user interfaces
SQL all-in-one for dummies
Objective and Appraisal Setting
MCITP self-paced training kit (exam 70-444) : optimizing and maintaining a database administration solution using Microsoft SQL server 2005
Improvement of course enrolment process : Case: Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
SQL in a nutshell
Securing SQL server : protecting your database from attackers
Beginning Microsoft SQL server 2008 administration
NoSQL for mere mortals
Practical SQL queries for Microsoft SQL server 2008 R2
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
Microsoft SQL server 2005 : database essentials : step by step
Database solutions : a step-by-step guide to building databases
Building integrated business intelligence solutions with SQL Server® 2008 R2 & Office 2010
Bulding web application for Mahabad University graduate affairs
SQL antipatterns : avoiding the pitfalls of database programming
MCTS : Microsoft SQL server 2005 study guide (exam 70-431)
Pro Oracle SQL
Professional ADO.NET 2 : programming with SQL Server 2005, Oracle, and MySQL
Databases demystified
PHP & MySQL in easy steps
Database managements systems
Professional SQL server 2008 integration services
ORACLE/SQL : a professional programmer's guide
Interactive questionnaire based on PHP and MySQL
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 : integration Services : step by Step
MCSE training kit : Microsoft SQL server 2000 database design and implementation
Data mining and statistical analysis using SQL
Introduction to SQL : mastering the relational database language
High performance MySQL : optimization, backups, replication and load balancing
Microsoft SQL server 2005 : the complete reference
C++ application software development on the Symbian series 60 platform
This pocket-sized guide delivers ready answers for administering SQL Server Code Name "Denali". Zero in on core support and maintenance tasks using quick-reference tables, instructions, and lists that help you save time and get the job done!
Introduction to SQL
Beginner database design using Microsoft SQL Server
Developing Business Intelligence Apps for SharePoint
"Learn powerful techniques for surfacing and delivering actionable business intelligence using SQL. Practical SQL Queries for Microsoft&#x02bc; SQL Server&#x02bc; 2008 R2 contains more than 400 downloadable SQL queries you can use to extract meaningful insights from large amounts of data. The application, syntax, and results of each query are described in detail. The book emphasizes SQL for use in SSMS, but the queries also apply to SSRS, SSIS, WinForms, WebForms, and many other applications"--
Beginning Microsoft SQL Server 2012 programming
DB2 developer's guide : a solutions-oriented approach to learning the foundation and capabilities of DB2 for z/OS
Introduction. Book I: SQL Concepts. Chapter 1: Understanding Relational Databases. Chapter 2: Modeling a System. Chapter 3: Getting to Know SQL. Chapter 4: SQL and the Relational Model. Chapter 5: Knowing the Major Components of SQL. Chapter 6: Drilling Down to the SQL Nitty-Gritty. Book II: Relational Database Development. Chapter 1: System Development Overview. Chapter 2: Building a Database Model. Chapter 3: Balancing Performance and Correctness. Chapter 4: Creating a Database with SQL. Book III: SQL Queries. Chapter 1: Values, Variables, Functions, and Expressions. Chapter 2: SELECT Statements and Modifying Clauses. Chapter 3: Querying Multiple Tables with Subqueries. Chapter 4: Querying Multiple Tables with Relational Operators. Chapter 5: Cursors. Book IV: Data Security. Chapter 1: Protecting Against Hardware Failure and External Threats. Chapter 2: Protecting Against User Errors and Conflicts. Chapter 3: Assigning Access Privileges. Chapter 4: Error Handling. Book V: SQL and Programming. Chapter 1: Database Development Environments. Chapter 2: Interfacing SQL to a Procedural Language. Chapter 3: Using SQL in an Application Program. Chapter 4: Designing a Sample Application. Chapter 5: Building an Application. Chapter 6: Understanding SQL's Procedural Capabilities. Chapter 7: Connecting SQL to a Remote Database. Book VI: SQL and XML. Chapter 1: Using XML with SQL. Chapter 2: Storing XML Data in SQL Tables. Chapter 3: Retrieving Data from XML Documents. Book VII: Database Tuning Overview. Chapter 1: Tuning the Database. Chapter 2: Tuning the Environment. Chapter 3: Finding and Eliminating Bottlenecks. Book VIII: Appendices. Appendix A: SQL:2008 Reserved Words. Appendix B: Glossary. Index.
Beginning database design solutions
Understanding and analyzing SQL/CLI database usage of Java software: empirical study
SQL for dummiers
Beginning Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Administration
SQL Server 2000 : the complete reference
Effective MySQL : optimizing SQL statements
Improvement of course enrolment process: Case: Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 reporting services
SQL in easy steps
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 : reporting services 2005
Microsoft SQL server 2012 management and administration
Cash Register Terminal : Case: Art Gallery Cash Terminal
Sams teach yourself PHP, MySQL and Apache all in one
Murach's SQL server 2016 for developers : training and reference
Role of information systems and DNA fingerprinting in crime investigation
Unit testing for saved procedures with Java GUI
Advanced topics
Microsoft SQL server 2014 query tuning & optimization
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Step by Step
Effective SQL : 61 specific ways to write better SQL
Sams teach yourself SQL in 24 hours
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
SQL Server 2005 : management and Administration
Learning SQL
SQL queries for mere mortals : a hands-on guide to data manipulation in SQL
SQL and Other Important Database Topics
Understanding relational database query languages
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 : administrator's pocket consultant
A guide to the SQL standard : a user's guide to the standard relational language SQL
Teach yourself MySQL in 24 hours
Building a web application with OracleApex : B2C online store
Personal learning assistant operation system : case study with PostgreSQL in Kubuntu
Organization Management in Drupal
Microsoft SQL Server 2000 unleashed
Hitchhiker's guide to SQL Server 2000 reporting services
Inside Microsoft® SQL ServerTM 2005 : T-SQL programming
An Evaluation of DB2 Express-C pureXML Feature Pack
