http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26677 cognitive semantics
cognitive semantics
Bit : an examination of the explanatory power of a meaning potential approach to the description of lexical meaning
Semantics : a cognitive account of linguistic meaning
In other words : variation in reference and narrative
Semantic leaps : frame-shifting and conceptual blending in meaning construction
The grammar of polarity : pragmatics, sensitivity, and the logic of scales
Aspects of meaning construction
Representation of cognitive structures : syntax and semantics of French sentential complements
Foundations of cognitive grammar. Vol. 1, Theoretical prerequisites
Language and space
Geometry of meaning : semantics based on conceptual spaces
Windows to the mind : metaphor, metonymy and conceptual blending
Metaphor and metonymy revisited beyond the contemporary theory of metaphor : recent developments and applications
The structure of lexical variation : meaning, naming, and context
Interfaces in linguistics : new research perspectives
Construction grammars : cognitive grounding and theoretical extensions
A user's guide to thought and meaning
Selected readings in Russian terminology research
The cultural relations of classification : an analysis of Nuaulu animal categories from central Seram
Issues in cognitive linguistics : 1993 proceedings of the International Cognitive Linguistics Conference
Mental spaces : aspects of meaning construction in natural language
Linguistic shots at humour : a collection of papers
A glossary of cognitive linguistics
Rethinking religion : connecting cognition and culture
Semantic fluency in mild and moderate Alzheimer's disease
"To teach" in Ancient Israel : a cognitive linguistic study of a biblical hebrew lexical set
The extent of the literal : metaphor, polysemy and theories of concepts
A hybrid theory of metaphor : relevance theory and cognitive linguistics
Space in languages : linguistic systems and cognitive categories
Language, cognition and space : the state of the art and new directions
Âzyk i mysl' : sovremennaâ kognitivnaâ lingvistika = Language and thought : contemporary cognitive linguistics
Language in cognition. Vol. 1, Language from within
Meaning in mind and society : a functional contribution to the social turn in cognitive linguistics
An introduction to word grammar
Construal in expression : an intersubjective approach to Cognitive Grammar
How words mean : lexical concepts, cognitive models and meaning constructions
Mappings in thought and language
Extending the semiotics of embodied interaction to blended spaces
Conceptual spaces : the geometry of thought
A Cognitive-functional approach to nominalization in English
Construing experience through meaning : a language-based approach to cognition
LOVEscapes : changes in prototypical senses and cognitive metaphors since 1500
The structure of time : language, meaning, and temporal cognition
The socially distributed cognition of musical timbre : a convergence of semantic, perceptual, and acoustic aspects
Words and other wonders : papers on lexical and semantic topics
An introduction to cognitive linguistics
In this paper, we develop a new way of understanding interactions in blended spaces. We do this by developing ideas about embodied semiotics and then apply these ideas to the analysis of interaction in mixed-reality blended spaces (where the physical world and digital world are blended deliberately to provide new forms of interaction). We discuss how blended spaces provide a new medium within which people have experiences. The semiotic analysis reveals how blended spaces are constructed across the physical and the digital, highlighting the ontology, topology, volatility, and agency present within them. It shows how people move between the physical and digital spaces through the objects and places that anchor them together. Our approach reveals more about the way bodily and higher cognitive functions are brought into play within a holistic interactive experience in which people move physically and conceptually through the layers of experience that make up the interaction.
The linguistic worldview : ethnolinguistics, cognition, and culture
Outsourcing the war when jobs flee : a mixed-methods approach to the story of outsourcing
Studies in language and cognition
"In this book, Charles Taylor explains linguistic holism to people who believe language needs to be thought of as bits of information. According to one influential view of language, one that originated with Hobbes, Locke, and Condillac, language serves to encode information and to communicate it. This theory has been rendered more sophisticated over the last two centuries, but it still gives a central place to the encoding of information. The thesis of Taylor's new book is that this view neglects crucial features of our language capacity. Sometimes language serves not just to encode information, but also shapes what it purports to describe. This language is more than merely 'descriptive;' it plays a 'constitutive' role."--Provided by publisher.
Brain and music
The language animal : the full shape of the human linguistic capacity
Defining metonymy in cognitive linguistics : towards a consensus view
The importance of semantics : visual world studies on drawing inferences and resolving anaphors
Happiness and joy in corpus contexts : a cognitive semantic analysis
Conceptual metonymy and lexicographic representation
Cognitive lexicography : a new approach to lexicograpgy making use of cognitive semantics
Handbook of categorization in cognitive science
Spatial prepositions and metaphor : a cognitive semantic journey along the up-down and the front-back dimensions
Russian terminology science (1992-2002)
The study of vocabulary exercises in the upper secondary school English teaching materials : the semantic-associational approach and the use of contextualization
How do words mean? What is the nature of meaning? How can we grasp a word's meaning? The frame-semantic approach developed in this book offers some well-founded answers to such long-standing, but still controversial issues. Following Charles Fillmore's definition of frames as both organizers of experience and tools for understanding, the monograph attempts to examine one of the most important concepts of Cognitive Linguistics in more detail. The point of departure is Fillmore's conception of "frames of understanding" - an approach to (cognitive) semantics that Fillmore developed from 1975 to 1.
Motion in language and experience : actual and non-actual motion in Swedish, French and Thai
The cognitive linguistics reader
Numerous studies have sought to understand the nature of education and the extent of literacy in ancient Israel, but none has asked what the ancient Israelites thought about teaching. This study is the first to ask how they conceived of the teaching process. It furthers our understanding of the ancient Israelites' concept of teaching, and provides a model for semantic studies of ancient texts grounded in cognitive linguistic theory. Wendy L. Widder, Logos Bible Software, Bellingham, WA, USA. Numerous studies have sought to understand the nature of education and the extent of literacy in ancient Israel, but none has asked what the ancient Israelites thought about teaching. This study is the first to ask how they conceived of the teaching process. It furthers our understanding of the ancient Israelites' concept of teaching, and provides a model for semantic studies of ancient texts grounded in cognitive linguistic theory.
Mental spaces : aspects of meaning : construction in natural language
Meaning and the lexicon : the parallel architecture 1975-2010
Directions in cognitive anthropology
Cognitive approaches to lexical semantics
Frames of understanding in text and discourse
Cognitive linguistics : an introduction
Polysemy in cognitive linguistics : selected papers from the International Cognitive Linguistics Conference, Amsterdam, 1997
Male and female terms in English : proceedings of the Symposium at Umeå University, May 18-19, 1994
Time to speak : cognitive and neural prerequisites for time in language
Meaning and cognition : a multidisciplinary approach
Metaphor and metonymy revisited beyond the contemporary theory of metaphor
Give : a cognitive linguistic study
Reinventing structuralism : what sign relations reveal about consciousness
Cognitive neuropsychology and cognitive rehabilitation
The self-correcting enterprise : essays on Wilfrid Sellars
Contextually self-organized maps of Chinese words. Part II
The Oxford handbook of cognitive linguistics
Metaphor, metonymy and experientalist philosophy : challenging cognitive semantics
Toward a cognitive semantics. Volume 1, Concept structuring systems
The semantics of polysemy : reading meaning in English and Warlpiri
Toward a cognitive semantics. Volume 2, Typology and process in concept structuring
Put, set, lay and place : a cognitive linguistic approach to verbal meaning
New directions in cognitive linguistics
The Importance of Semantics: Visual World Studies on Drawing Inferences and Resolving Anaphors
Semiotics of the literary work in translation
Diachronic prototype semantics : a contribution to historical lexicology
Cognitive linguistics and translation : advances in some theoretical models and applications
Further insights into semantics and lexicography
Meaning, form, and body
