http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26616 discoveries
discoveries
Coins and coin finds in Finland AD 800-1200
Truth about you
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland/Sweden. 2, [Analysis]
Suomen rengastusatlas. I = The Finnish bird ringing atlas. Vol. I
Influence from the Danubian Zone of the Barbaricum on the territory of Poland in late antiquity : archaeological studies
The Norse Atlantic saga : being the Norse voyages of discovery and settlement to Iceland, Greenland, America
Roman frontier studies 1995 : proceedings of the XVIth International Congress of Roman Frontier Studies
The Roman cemetery at Brougham, Cumbria : excavations 1966-67
Similar finds? : similar interpretations? : Glastonbury - Gothenburg - Gotland : nine essays
Three new species of Pherbellia Robineau-Desvoidy and new synonyms of Holarctic and Palaearctic Sciomyzidae (Diptera)
Scrolls from the Dead Sea : an exhibition of scrolls and archeological artifacts from the collections of the Israel Antiquities Authority
The meaning of weapons as grave goods : examples from two southwest Finnish Crusade Period cemeteries
Dating in the Bronze Age : with special reference to Scandinavia
Danish journal : the Vikings in Denmark
Gustaf Nordenskiöld : pioneer archeologist of Mesa Verde
The story machine
The sea hunters II : more true adventures with famous shipwrecks
The Armada
Drosophila eskoi sp. n.,: a new species of the Drosophila obscura group (Diptera, Drosophilidae)
Stash house
Excavations at Helgö. 8, The ancient monument
A kitten called Moonlight
The life and times of Columbus
Animals in an Urban Context. A Zooarchaeological study of the Medieval and Post-Medieval town of Turku
Birka : Untersuchungen und Studien. 5, The filigree and granulation work of the Viking period : an analysis of the material from Björkö
Degradation of archaeological remains
Reflections from the dead : the metal finds from the Pantanello Necropolis at Metaponto : a comprehensive study of grave goods from the 5th to the 3rd centuries B.C
Three new species of the Allodia lugens group from northern Europe (Dipt., Mycetophilidae)
The silver dark sea
The atlas of historical works in Mongolia : (selected pages) = Moǧolistan tarihi eserleri atlası (seçilmiş sayfalar)
The best-ever book of exploration
Recent archaeological discoveries in the People's Republic of China
Conservation of marine archaeological objects
Medieval pottery in Britain AD 900 - 1600
The trust
Book reviews : [Archaeology and the social history of ships]
The successful treasure hunter's site guide
Viking artefacts : a select catalogue
Retrieval of objects from archaeological sites
17 years ago: A girl in South Dakota falls through the earth, then wakes up dozens of feet below ground on the palm of what seems to be a giant metal hand. Today: She is a top-level physicist leading a team of people to understand exactly what that hand is, where it came from, and what it portends for humanity. A swift and spellbinding tale told almost exclusively through transcriptions of interviews conducted by a mysterious and unnamed character, this is a unique debut that describes a hunt for truth, power, and giant body parts.
The lost thing
Anopheles claviger (Meig.), Aedes pionips Dyar and A. beklemishevi Den. (Diptera, Culicidae) found in Finland
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Craft, industry and everyday life : finds from Anglo-Scandinavian York
The truth about Columbus and the discovery of America
The secret crown
Recent excavations at the Pre-boreal site of Lahti, Ristola in Southern Finland
Documentos sobre os portugueses em Moçambique e na África central 1497-1840 = Documents on the Portuguese in Mozambique and Central Africa 1497-1840. Vol. 1, (1497-1506)
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
Ribe excavations 1970-76. Vol. 2
Wooden artefacts from medieval Novgorod. 2, Illustrations
Final report on S.S. City of Launceston (1863-1865), an inter-colonial steamship wrecked Port Phillip, Victoria : maritime archaeological survey, excavation, artefact analysis, corrosion survey, conservation and site management 1997-2009
The first record of Lynceus brachyurus O. F. Müller (Crustacea, Branchiopoda) in Finland
Deep in Russia, deep in the bog : excavations at the mesolithic sites Stanovoje 4 and Sakhtysh 14, Upper Volga region
How to fly a horse
Recent archaeological discoveries in Japan
Bridge of the untiring sea : the Corinthian Isthmus from prehistory to late antiquity
The chemistry of the Vasa : iron, acids and degradation
My name is Bob
Netta : a Balt cemetery in Northeastern Poland
Kuntillet 'Ajrud (Ḥorvat Teman) : an Iron Age II religious site on the Judah-Sinai border
Migration art A.D. 300-800
On ancient skis
Tepexi el Viejo: a postclassic fortified site in the Mixteca-Puebla region of Mexico
Sloth slept on
Evidence preserved in corrosion products : new fields in artifact studies
Craft, industry and everyday life : finds from Medieval York
Excavations at Helgö. 5:1, Workshop : 2
Summary.
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
Møllegabet II : a submerged Mesolithic settlement in southern Denmark
A conservation manual for the field archaeologist
Kaupang-funnene = The Kaupang Finds. Bd 3 C, Whetstones and grindstones in the settlement area, the 1956-1974 excavations
Found : the best lost, tossed, and forgotten items from around the world
The foundling boy
The driftless area
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
Formation processes in underwater archaeology : a study of chemical and biological deterioration
Exploration and discovery : journeys into the unknown through the ages
Gears from the Greeks : the Antikythera mechanism, a calendar computer from ca. 80 B.C
The Iron Age settlement of arctic Norway : a study in the expansion of European Iron Age culture within the Arctic Circle. 1, Early Iron Age : Roman and migration periods
Digging up bones : the excavation, treatment and study of human skeletal remains
Second chances : more tales of found dogs
A cereal find from old Etruria
Ribe excavations 1970-76. Vol. 1, Written Sources/Sceattas and Other Coin Finds
The forgotten girls
A harpoon head from the depths of the sea
The art abandonment project : create and share random acts of art
Excavations for Norges Bank, Trondheim 1980
New archaeological excavations in Viipuri : results of field investigations of the 1998-2001 seasons and current research problems of urban history
Craft, industry and everyday life : bone, antler, ivory and horn from Anglo-Scandinavian and Medieval York
Christopher Columbus : being the life of the very magnificent Lord Don Christóbal Colón
The long Earth
Denmark before the vikings
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland/Sweden. 1, [Excavation reports]
Leifur Eiríksson and Vínland the Good
Comatricha nannengae, a new species of Myxomycetes
Proceedings of the 7th ICOM-CC Working Group on Wet Organic Archaeological Materials Conference = Actes de la 7ème Conférence du Groupe de Travail Matériaux Archéologiques Organiques Humides de l'ICOM-CC
Drosophila ovivororum sp. n.,: a new species of the Drosophila virilis group (Diptera, Drosophilidae)
Great explorers
Marco Polo : traveller to the east
Examining the topography and social context of Metal Age artefact finds in northern Finland
A strange-looking beheaded man from medieval Hailuoto
Bead finds from the Viking and Crusade Periods : indicators of cultural contacts or ethnic identity?
The Vrouw Maria Underwater project 2009–2012 final report
The Mesolithic stone age of eastern middle Sweden
Clay tobacco pipes
The lost island
Archaeology under water
Health in Southern Finland : bioarchaeological analysis of 555 skeletons excavated from nine cemeteries (11th-19th century AD)
The last letter from your lover
Digging for fire
The Spartans
Five rare Ichneumonidae (Hym.) in Finland
Additions to the hepatic flora of Finland
The Vikings in history
