http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26657 uprisings
uprisings
Revolution in Hungary : the 1956 Budapest uprising
A Swedish view on irregular warfare
Different theories and practices connected with counterinsurgency
One day that shook the communist world : the 1956 Hungarian uprising and its legacy
Peasant movements in India, 1920-1950
Reached
Sunshine
The Hungarian Revolution of 1956 : reform, revolt and repression, 1953-1963
Eleven days in August : the liberation of Paris in 1944
On behalf of the Emperor, on behalf of the fatherland : Finnish officers and soldiers of the Russian Imperial Life-Guard on the battlefields of Poland, 1831.
The final victory of the ideas of the Revolution of 1956: the constitutional change of regime, and NATO and EU membership
New perspectives on economic growth and technological innovation
Cairo : memoir of a city transformed
The Hungarian Revolution and war for independence
Sport as an industry in Finland : exploring the economic significance, contributions, and development of the sport sector as an industry
1956 : the hope of freedom : the Hungarian revolution
'Tweets and the Streets' analyses the culture of the new protest movements of the 21st century. From the Arab Spring to the 'indignados' protests in Spain, Paolo Gerbaudo examines the relationship between the rise of social media and the emergence of new forms of protest.
Cyberpath to development in Asia : issues and challenges
"The current crisis in Ukraine has revealed a striking lack of background knowledge about Ukraine's history and politics among West European politicians, journalists, intellectuals and even many academics. In this book, experts from Poland, Ukraine, the US, Russia and Western Europe fill the gap between an omnipresent and easily available narrative about Russia and a scarce, scattered knowledge about Ukraine. They show what history and political science can offer for a better understanding of the crisis and provide insights, which are based on reliable Ukrainian, Russian, Polish and Turkish sources and confidential interviews with key actors and advisors. Rather than offering easy answers, the authors present facts and knowledge, which enables the reader to make up his own informed opinion"--
Confidential correspondence of the British Government respecting the insurrection in Poland 1863
Transforming 1916 : meaning, memory and the fiftieth anniversary of the Easter Rising
Talibanistan : negotiating the borders between terror, politics, and religion
Holy madness : romantics, patriots and revolutionaries, 1776-1871
The 1956 Hungarian revolution : a history in documents
Komunisti a povstania : ritualizácia pripomínania si protifašistických povstaní v strednej Európe (1945-1960) = Communists and uprisings : ritualisation of remembrance of the anti-nazi uprisings in Central Europe (1945-1960)
Challenging communism in Eastern Europe : 1956 and its legacy
Secret city : the hidden Jews of Warsaw, 1940-1945
Myth of victimhood and cult of authenticity : sacralizing the nation in Estonia and Poland
The fiftieth anniversary of the Easter Rising has been held responsible for everything from the outbreak of conflict in Northern Ireland to the alienation of an entire generation in the Republic of Ireland. This book examines the myths behind the most elaborate commemoration of the Rising to date. Transforming 1916 explores the meaning and memory of the Easter Rising in 1966 and the way in which history operated in Ireland at a moment of rapid change. Transforming 1916 looks at the commemorative process through parades, statues, pageants, television programmes, exhibitions and documentary film; and considers the tensions present north and south of the border. It argues that the fiftieth anniversary of the Easter Rising was not, in fact, an unrestrained celebration of Ireland's past but represented instead an attempt by the Irish government to convey a message of modernization and economic progress. Transforming 1916 casts light on what 1916 means in Ireland and illuminates the politics of commemoration as the centenary of the Rising approaches.
Asymmetric warfare, compound and hybrid warfare
Runaway slaves : rebels on the plantation
Syrian notebooks : inside the Homs uprising January 16-February 2, 2012
Insurgency and counterinsurgency : a global history
"A world history of insurgencies and of counterinsurgency warfare. Jeremy Black moves beyond the conventional Western-centric narrative, reaching back to antiquity to trace the pre-modern origins of war within states."--Provided by publisher.
Popular politics in the making of the modern Middle East
The Armenian rebellion at Van
World boom ahead : how business and consumer will prosper
Austria and the 1956 Hungarian revolution : between solidarity and neutrality
The Maidan Uprising, separatism and foreign intervention : Ukraine's complex transition
The Hungarian revolution
Concepts and problems connected to irregular warfare
The second Arab awakening : and the battle for pluralism
Asymmetric warfare : a part of the art of war
Social media and women of the Arab Spring : effects of social media on Egyptian women's participation in the revolution
The new middle east : protest and revolution in the arab world
Tourist in the Arab spring
Twelve days : the story of the 1956 Hungarian Revolution
"Nobody should be forced to make a living by begging" : social exclusion and cultural rights of Gāine/Gandharva musicians of Nepal
Power systems : conversations with David Barsamian on global democratic uprisings and the new challenges to U.S. empire
Talibanistan : negotiating the borders between terror, politics and religion
Train to Budapest
Failed illusions : Moscow, Washington, Budapest, and the 1956 Hungarian revolt
The battle for the Arab spring : revolution, counter-revolution and the making of a new era
The first domino : international decision making during the Hungarian crisis of 1956
Warsaw boy : a memoir of a wartime childhood
The future of the global economy : towards a long boom?
The Social War, 91 to 88 BCE : a history of the Italian insurgency against the Roman Republic
The presence of the past in politics : '1956' after 1956 in Hungary
Tweets and the streets : social media and contemporary activism
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
Two hundred years ago, the first Industrial Revolution sparked a dramatic acceleration in the quantity of goods and services available to the average citizen--a trend of steadily increasing real income per capita that continues to this day. Since that time, economists have struggled to develop systematic explanations for what caused the sudden, rapid increase, why the economy keeps growing, and why the rate of growth varies in different time periods and nations. In this book, F. M. Scherer traces the evolution of economic growth theory from the Industrial Revolution to the present. Emphasizing technological change as the most crucial dynamic force for growth, Scherer analyzes early hypotheses that paid little attention to new technologies, follows the emergence of theories that increasingly emphasized technological change, and reviews the current state of economic growth theory. Pointing out a lack of solid microbehavioral foundations to support contemporary "new growth" ideas, Scherer then supplies some foundational "bricks" concerning financial investment and human capital, and concludes by exploring the prospects for sustaining rapid growth into the next century. F. M. Scherer is Aetna Professor of Public Policy and Corporate Management in the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University and former chief economist of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. His numerous publications include Competition Policies for an Integrated World Economy (Brookings, 1994).
Soviet military intervention in Hungary 1956
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
Cairo : my city, our revolution
The days of freedom
