http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2667 guitar
guitar
Guitar technic
Guitar for dummies
Gibson guitars : 100 years of an American icon
The art and craft of making classical guitars
The music of George Gersshwin for classical guitar
MY favorite classics : easy to intermediate classical guitar solos
Acquired of the angels : the lives and works of master guitar makers John D'Angelico and James D'Aquisto
The classic guitar collection. Vol.3
The ultimate guitar source book
Life, death & gold leather trousers
Guitar for beginners : lessons 17-20
Mick Ronson : the spider with the platinum hair
Introduction to the guitar toolbox. Part 1
Captain Blued
Guitar heroes of the '70s
Lead guitar with Wolf Marshall : a complete guide to soloing
Make your own acoustic guitar
Classical guitar for dummies
Guitar for dummies : by Mark Phillips and Jon Chappell
Classical guitar answer book
Heavy metal riffs for guitar - Amsco
The best of Don Henley for guitar
Guitar theory for dummies : book + online video & audio instruction
Solo Guitar Playing
Great rockabilly guitar solos - Leonard
Pink Floyd : the black Strat : a history of David Gilmour's black Fender Stratocaster
Percussive acoustic guitar
Stars of classical guitar : play guitar & listen to the stars of Naxos Records. Vol. 3, Meisterwerke = Masterpieces
Guitar Player 1988. II
Russ Shipton's Rock & Pop bass guitar. 1
Guitar gears of the greats : the guitars, amps & effects behind the sound of 100 players
The best of Ted Nugent
The complete fingerstyle guitarist. 2 : Intermediate: Six guitar lessons
Antonio de Torres : Guitar maker - his life and work
Play guitar : A practical guide to playing rock, folk & classical guitar
Voices in jazz guitar : great performers tell about their approach to playing
Complete acoustic guitar
The joy of guitar : easy arrangements of folk, popular and standard songs
Famous melodies
Guitar Player 1986. I
The complete fingerstyle guitarist. 1 : Complete beginner: Six guitar lessons
The rough guide to acoustic guitar
World on a string : a musical memoir
50 unsung heroes of the guitar
When it comes to striking the strings of your guitar for the first time, Getting Started Playing Guitar For Dummies sets you going in the right direction. One of the coolest things about the guitar is that, even though you can devote your lifetime to perfecting your skills, you can start faking it rather quickly. This books gets you up and playing as quickly and easily as possible. You get expert tips and techniques and the integrated audio and video clips help you lly hone your skills as you play along. Master the basics when you discover how to properly hold the guitar, tune your guitar, and position your hands. Immerse yourself in sounds, techniques, and a whole lot of fun with this enhanced ebook. Part instruction, part video and audio play-a-long, and a whole lot of fun, this book gets you comfortable playing the coolest instrument around.
Dead gods : the 27 club
Guitar Player 1988. I
Chops builder for guitar : technique exercises for the intermediate to advanced guitarist
A new tune a day for acoustic guitar. Book 1
The illustrated complete guitar handbook
For guitar players only : Short cuts in technique, sight reading and studio playing
Rock Riffs for Guitar
Introduction to the 12 string guitar. - robbins
First lessons : beginning guitar
Teach yourself to read music : practical music reading for all guitarists : for guitar
Guitar Player 1984. I
Chuck berry - Leonard
Essential guitar chords : the easy-to-use guide : over 350 chords
Complete acoustic guitar ; presented by Mel Reeves
Guitar repair : A manual of repair for guitars and fretted instruments
The Chord songbook : The words and chords of nineteen of their greatest hits
Rickenbacker electric 12 string : the story of the guitars, the music, and the great players
Guitar Player presents Clapton, Beck, Page
Basic guitar lessons. Book one
Electronic projects for guitar
Stuff! Good guitar players should know : an A to Z guide to getting better
The Hard Grind : Bluesman 1956-1964
Guitar music of the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries : Book 3. 10 solos - 4 duets
Electric guitars : The illustrated encyclopedia
Fun with the guitar
66 easy guitar solos
Riff notes : acoustic guitar basics
4400 guitar chords
Clapton : the ultimate illustrated history
Guitar Player 1983. II
Martin guitar masterpieces : a showcase of artist's editions, limited editions, and custom editions
The complete fingerstyle guitarist : series one : complete beginner
The russian seven-string guitar
Learn to play the guitar : a beginner's guide to playing acoustic and electric guitar
The Flamenco Guitar : From its birth in the hands of the guitarrero to its ultimate celebration in the hands of the Flamenco Guitarist
Effortless classical guitar
The giant guitar chord songbook : the unplugged collection
Blue book of acoustic guitars
Whether you're a student of music or a music lover, Music Theory For Dummies presents you with essential information on how to read, write, and understand music, as well as helpful hints on composing, arranging, and creating original melodies, harmonies, and chords. Music Theory For Dummies gives you a friendly, unintimidating overview of the material covered in a typical college-level course and makes music theory easy to understand. It includes updated information on current teaching techniques; the newest music examples and genres; information on mastering major and minor scales, using intervals, and recognizing pitches and clefs; the lowdown on rhythms, tempo, dynamics, and navigation; how to transcribe the music you hear and transposing it to other keys; harmonizing and accompanying melodies; composing and arranging for voices and instruments; performing your own music; and much more.
Acoustic guitar making : the steel string guitar
Jazz comping for fingerstyle guitar
Guitar for beginners : lessons  1-4
Twenty-seven : First set
The history of Yamaha guitars : over sixty years of innovation
Music theory for dummies
The Chinery collection : 150 years of American guitar
First book for the guitar : A beginner's manual to the classical guitar and its literature
Bluegrass guitar : know the players, play the music
Diamond in the rough : a memoir
The music of Phil Collins made easy for guitar
Bottlenecking and blues guitar : a complete guide to bottleneck slide technique
Getting started playing guitar for dummies
The jazz guitar : its evolution, its players and personalities since 1900
Build your own guitar : detailed instructions for building a steelstring acouistic guitar with illustrations, drawings, plans, and tips
Blue Book of Acoustic Guitars
Guitar in my hands : An anthology of Texas Blues Guitarists
Classical guitar playing. Grade 1
Black knight  : Ritchie Blackmore
Play music together : learn guitar & sing with your kids!
Blues guitar for dummies
Riffs : How to create and play great guitar riffs
The Guitar
Guitar technique and velocity exercises
The history of the Ovation guitar
Play rock guitar
Guitar player : e-lehti
Guitar Player 1984. II
The complete fingerstyle guitarist : Series two : Intermediate level
Paul Anka : Thirteen solid gold standards
Classic guitar making
The modern era of the Les Paul legacy : 1968-2009
Acoustic guitar player. Grade 1
Guitar for beginners : lessons 13-16
Million dollar Les Paul : in search of the most valuable guitar in the world
American basses : An illustrated history & player's guide
Pinch me, I'm dreaming
The Acoustic & Electric guitar repair handbook
The Classical guitar : a complete history
Dazzling stranger : Bert Jansch and the British folk and blues revival
Immerse yourself in sounds, techniques, and a whole lot of fun with this enhanced ebook. Part instruction, part video and audio play-a-long, Guitar Songs & Styles For Dummies is the perfect mix of instruction - whether you are a beginner or experienced guitar player. Watch correct hand position, posture, and playing techniques with detailed videos. Get the instruction you need to rock every type of Rock, including Classic Rock 'n' Roll, Modern Rock, and Country-Rock. Discover the Blues when you explore rhythm and lead techniques, signature riffs, and progressions. Then play along with popular Blues songs,including Chicago Shuffle and Mississippi Mud. Get familiar with Folk style, by learning fingerstyle techniques, playing Arpeggio style, trying thumb-brush and carter style, and taking on Travis picking. Have some fun with Folk when you play along with House of the Rising Sun, Gospel Ship, and Freight Train tunes. Go classical with instruction on proper seating and hand positions,ways to combine arpeggios and melody, and details to play free and rest strokes.
Acoustic guitars and other fretted instruments : a photographic history
Confessions of a guitar player : An autobiography
The Complete Carcassi Guitar Method = El Metodo Completo para Guitarra de Carcassi : with 25 Studies in Spanish and English
Two centuries of guitar music
Rock of ages
You can teach yourself classic guitar
Acoustic guitar : from beginner to intermediate level
Eddie Van Halen : know the man, play the music
Russ Shipton's Rock & Pop bass guitar. 2
Carcassi method for classical guitar
Teach yourself visually guitar
12 bob dylan hits for six and twelve string guitars
Getting started on acoustic guitar
The complete fingerstyle guitarist: introductory video: two guitar lessons
Enjoy playing the guitar. Book 2
From the woodshed to the stage. Volume one
Guitar World Presents : Stevie Ray Vaughan
Rock guitar improvising
Django Reinhardt : know the man, play the music
Guitar masters : intimate portraits
Chords Scales Arpeggios for the guitarist : the complete book
Jimmy Page
Guitar in my hands vol. 2
Contemporary instrumental guitar
The Chord songbook : Blur
The classical guitar : a complete history
Make your own Spanish guitar
Guitar Player : Vantaa
Guitar for beginners : lessons 21-24
Pearls and Crazy Diamonds : Fifty Years of Burns Guitars 1952-2002
Mel Bay's modern classical guitar method. Grade 1
Rhythm : a step by step guide to understanding rhythm for guitar
Guitarmaking : tradition and technology : a complete reference for the design & construction of the steel-string folk guitar & the classical guitar
Eric Clapton : interactive CD-ROM for guitar
30-day guitar workout : an exercise plan for guitarists
Mel Bay's children's guitar method. 1
New optimal process of making a guitar
Love songs for guitar
Guitar songs & styles for dummies
Learn to play guitar
From the woodshed to the stage. Volume two
My first guitar : tales of true love and lost chords
Basic pieces : easy entertaining guitar pieces for beginners : cd to accompany volumes 1&2 of the printed edition
