http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26693 disability research
disability research
Gender : the key concepts
"Networking, social capital and welfare society" : final programme
Resistance, reflection and change : Nordic disability research
The social psychology of disability
Purpose, process and future direction of disability research
Disability and culture
Handbook of disability studies
Understanding disability : from theory to practice
"The book's overarching message is an important one: The experience of most people with disabilities is not what nondisabled persons anticipate--contrary to the latter's beliefs and expectations, the former can lead full and normal lives. Thus, The Social Psychology of Disability is designed to counter stereotypical or biased perspectives aimed at an often overlooked minority group." --
Development of work processes in the institutions for people with an intellectual disability
Disability studies has engaged with discourse analysis in key works both from the UK and the USA. While the perspectives and analyses of discourse analysis have proved well suited for exploring disability, however, its methods have not been sufficiently developed in a disability studies context. Conversely, discourse analysts have traditionally been concerned with social issues and fields in which asymmetric power relations, marginalization, and discrimination play a central role, e.g. gender, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation, all of which share many analytical features with disability. But although efforts have been made to integrate disability into the discourse analysis and conversation analysis canon, the link between the two fields needs to be strengthened.This ground-breaking volume contributes to this link by thoroughly applying the analytical vocabulary of discourse analysis to issues that are central to the field of disability studies. It strengthens disability studies by supplying case studies of representations and constructions of disability and disabled people in discourse, theorizes the role played by language in the social construction of disability, and makes disability a more salient topic for discourse analysts.
Activating the unemployed : a comparative appraisal of work-oriented policies
Disability rights and wrongs revisited
Diagnosing folklore : perspectives on disability, health, and trauma
Perspectives in sociological research
Disability : a life course approach
Disability rights and wrongs
Heroines of sport : the politics of difference and identity
Life course of Finnish persons with intellectual disabilities born 1898-1960 : a 35-year follow-up study
"Diagnosing Folklore provides an inclusive forum for an expansive conversation on the sensitive, raw, and powerful processes that shape and imbue meaning in the lives of individuals and communities beleaguered by medical stigmatization, conflicting public perceptions, and contextual constraints. This volume aims to showcase current ideas and debates, as well as promote the larger study of disability, health, and trauma within folkloristics, helping bridge the gaps between the folklore discipline and disability studies. This book consists of three sections, each dedicated to key issues in disability, health, and trauma. It explores the confluence of disability, ethnography, and the stigmatized vernacular through communicative competence, esoteric and exoteric groups in the Special Olympics, and the role of family in stigmatized communities. Then, it considers knowledge, belief, and treatment in regional and ethnic communities with case studies from the Latino/a community in Los Angeles, Javanese Indonesia, and Middle America. Lastly, the volume looks to the performance of mental illness, stigma, and trauma through contemporary legends about mental illness, vlogs on bipolar disorder, medical fetishism, and veteran's stories"--
The disability studies reader
Disability and discourse analysis
This invaluable volume provides an overview of 37 terms, theories and concepts frequently used in gender studies which those studying the subject can find difficult to grasp. Each entry provides a critical definition of the concept, examining the background to the idea, its usage and the major figures associated with the term. Taking a truly interdisciplinary and global view of gender studies, concepts covered include: Agency, Diaspora, Heteronormativity, Subjectivity, Performativity, Class, Feminist Politics, Body,Gender identity, Reflexivity. With cross referencing and further reading provided throughout the text, Gender: The Key Concepts unweaves the relationships between different aspects of the field defined as gender studies, and is essential for all those studying gender in interdisciplinary contexts as undergraduates, postgraduates and beyond.
Adapted physical activity in rehabilitating work activity for adults with intellectual disability : case Monituote
