http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26618 television journalists
television journalists television reporters
Women in Finnish broadcasting
Life is good for Anna Wright. She's a successful media executive working for one of the UK's largest TV corporations. She's got a great boyfriend, some close friends and a lovely home. She adores her dog, Wispa, and she loves to run to help her de-stress. But Anna's perfect life starts to crumble from the moment when, out jogging on the Heath one day, she meets a handsome stranger. She takes a route into unfamiliar territory, and then she has to face the consequences. There's a dark, growing creepiness as the atmosphere becomes unsettled and, as Anna's professional life becomes increasingly pressured and poisonous, her obsession with the intriguing stranger intensifies.
10% happier : how I tamed the voice in my head, reduced stress without losing my edge, and found self-help that actually works : a true story
Life on Air : memoirs of a Broadcaster
Moranthology
Nightcrawler
Anchors : Brokaw, Jennings, Rather and the evening news
The Cinderella murder
All about Steve
The interview
Morning glory
The newsroom. The complete third season
Memoirs of an unfit mother
Bleeding hearts
Talking politics in broadcast media : cross-cultural perspectives on political interviewing, journalism and accountability
Rebound
The Television Handbook
Dispatches from the edge : a memoir of war, disasters and survival
Fat Girls and Fairy Cakes
Your message and the media : the complete and practical guide to media relations
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
Audition : a memoir
Life On Air : memoirs of a Broadcaster
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
Live from Baghdad
The news where you are
Top gear story
The multimedia journalist : storytelling for today's media landscape
The hour : kausi 1
Armchair nation : an intimate history of Britain in front of the TV
The deadline
On camera presentation : how to report, anchor & interview
Anchorman : the legend of Ron Burgundy
Cool repentance
Anchorman. 2 : the legend continues
Borat : cultural learnings of America for make benefit glorious nation of Kazakhstan
Bad wolf : [a novel]
The cinderella murder
Practicing convergence journalism : an introduction to cross-media storytelling
Foreign correspondents and international newsgathering : the role of fixers
The newsroom. The complete second season
A splash of red
Money monster
An introduction to journalism
The note
Reporting live from the end of the world
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Leap days : chronicles of a midlife move
The House of Secrets
Foreign affairs news and the broadcast journalist
The fourth hand
The dead dog day
Laid in Chelsea : my life uncovered
Borat
"When your Monday morning begins with a dead dog at four a.m. and ends with a dead boss by ten, you know it's going to be one of those days. And breakfast TV reporter Cora Baxter has already had the weekend from hell, after the man she was planning a fabulous future with unceremoniously dumped her. Now Cora's much-hated boss has been murdered, and Cora is assigned to cover the story for the breakfast show - but as the murder enquiry continues, the trail of suspects leads frighteningly close to home. Why is Cora's arch-rival, glamorous, bitchy newsreader Alice Lomas, so devastated by their boss's death? What dark secret is one of her camera crew hiding? And why has her now-ex-boyfriend vanished? The race to stop the killer striking again is on"--Publisher's description.
Broadcast news : writing, reporting, and producing
A reporter's life
News production : theory and practice
Good night, and good luck
Langalla : The wire. Viides tuotantokausi
And the good news is.. : lessons and advice from the bright side
A long way down
The first casualty : the war correspondent as hero and myth-maker from the Crimea to Iraq
The sky is falling
Ape house
The day I (almost) killed two Gretzkys : ...and other off-the-wall stories about sports...and life
Disasters and the media
Going to sea in a sieve : the autobiography
The television news handbook : an insider's guide to being a great broadcast journalist
