http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26634 Islamic literature
Islamic literature
Arabic literary salons in the Islamic Middle Ages : poetry, public performance, and the presentation of the past
Writing islam from a South Asian muslim perspective : Rushdie, Hamid, Aslam, Shamsie
Dreams & visions in the world of Islam : a history of Muslim dreaming and foreknowing
Transmission of al-Madāʼinī's material material : historiographical Studies
Britain through Muslim eyes : literary representations, 1780-1988
"The Muslim as a cultural category has come under increasing, most often hostile, scrutiny in Euro-America over the last four decades or so. As a result, the field of Muslim literary studies has emerged to shine a spotlight on the exciting body of literature by authors of Muslim heritage writing back to Islamophobic stereotypes. However, this academic oeuvre too often assumes that this literature is a contemporary, broadly post-9/11 phenomenon. In this important book, Claire Chambers takes a long view of depictions of Britain by writers from Muslim backgrounds. The book's first half focuses on travel and life writing from the eighteenth to the mid twentieth centuries by authors such as Mirza Sheikh I'tesamuddin, Najaf Koolee Meerza, and Atiya Fyzee. In the second half, she trains her critical gaze on the long tradition of fictional representations, from Ahmad Faris al-Shidyaq's Leg Over Leg (1855) to Ahdaf Soueif's Aisha (1983) and Abdulrazak Gurnah's Pilgrims Way (1988). Chambers argues that the Rushdie affair has been more of a turning point on perceptions of and by Muslims in Britain than 9/11. Her next book in this two-part series, Muslim Representations of Britain, 1988-Present, will therefore start with discussion of Salman Rushdie's The Satanic Verses (1988) and move to examination of the long shadow this text has cast on subsequent Muslim literary representations"--
V.S. Naipaul : a study of his nonfictions
Modern Arabic literature and the West
Sources and approaches across disciplines in Near Eastern studies : proceedings of the 24th Congress of L'Union Européenne des Arabisants et Islamisants, Leipzig 2008
Sayri dar asar-i hunari-i islami  = Journey through Islamic art
The book of the alchemists
This book surveys the main holdings of a major private library devoted to published works and documents produced in Europe concerning the Arab and Islamic world. Travel reports, history, religion, science, languages, and literature are all covered in what is both an introduction to the whole field and a scholarly reference work.
My Name Is Red
Adam redivivus : Muslim elaborations of the Adam saga with special reference to the Indonesian literary traditions
A satanic affair : Salman Rushdie and the rage of Islam
Malala : how one girl stood up for education and changed the world
Religion, learning and science in the 'Abbasid period
Malala : the girl who stood up for education and changed the world
Of irony and empire : Islam, the West, and the transcultural invention of Africa
Egyptology : the missing millennium : ancient Egypt in medieval Arabic writings
The bad-ass librarians of Timbuktu : and their race to save the world's most precious manuscripts
Malala a brave girl from Pakistan ; Iqbal a brave boy from Pakistan
Western representations of the Muslim woman : from termagant to odalisque
Narrative, gender and authority in 'Abbāsid literature on women
The essential Nawal El Saadawi : a reader
A full account of the Rushdie affair pointing out how the crisis has focused attention on the cultural divide between the West and Muslim countries and secular and religious cultures. The book was not seen just as an act of blasphemy but as a fundamental attack on Islamic identity.
"This book explores whether the post-9/11 novels of Rushdie, Hamid, Aslam and Shamsie can be read as part of an attempt to revise modern 'knowledge' of the Islamic world, using globally-distributed English-language literature to reframe Muslims' potential to connect with others. Focusing on novels including Shalimar the Clown, The Reluctant Fundamentalist, The Wasted Vigil, and Burnt Shadows, the author combines aesthetic, historical, political and spiritual considerations with analyses of the popular discourses and critical discussions surrounding the novels; and scrutinises how the writers have been appropriated as authentic spokespeople by dominant political and cultural forces. Finally, she explores how, as writers of Indian and Pakistani origin, Rushdie, Hamid, Aslam and Shamsie negotiate their identities, and the tensions of being seen to act as Muslim representatives, in relation to the complex international and geopolitical context in which they write"--
Islam translated : literature, conversion, and the Arabic cosmopolis of South and Southeast Asia
American dervish
The Arcadian library : western appreciation of Arab and Islamic civilization
The technique of Islamic bookbinding : methods, materials and regional varieties
American literature and orientalism
Islamicate sexualities : translations across temporal geographies of desire
The book of fate
Anthology of Islamic literature : from the rise of Islam to modern times
In "Islam Translated", the author uses the "Book of One Thousand Questions" as a means to consider connections that linked Muslims across divides of distance and culture. This book examines the circulation of this Islamic text and its varied literary forms.
Transmission of al-Madāʼinī's material : historiographical studies
Telling true tales of Islamic lands : forms of mediation in English travel writing, 1575-1630
Gashtek ba-naw hunar-i islamida = Journey through Islamic art
Reading Lolita in Tehran : a memoir in books
Microcosm-Macrocosm analogy in Rasā'il Ikhwān aṣ-Ṣafā' and certain related texts /c Inka Nokso-Koivisto
Mornings in Jenin
Early islamic civilisation
The Fihrist : a 10th century AD survey of Islamic culture
Arabia and the Arabs : from the Bronze Age to the coming of islam
The lost kingdoms of Africa : through muslim Africa by truck, bus noat and camel
This volume collects papers from the 24th Congress of the Union Européenne des Arabisants et Islamisants (UEAI) in 2008 at the University of Leipzig. Original research and new approaches illustrate its theme of "Sources and Approaches across Disciplines in Near Eastern Studies". The studies span Muslim culture, civilizations, and intellectual thought in the medieval and modern periods. The contributions demonstrate the benefits of following methodological and interdisciplinary approaches that draw upon literary criticism, sociology and anthropology in the field of Qur'anic studies, religion, philosophy and mysticism; state and society; literature and rhetoric; philology and linguistics; mathematics and astronomy; art and epigraphy; and Islamic sciences and economic history. The volume also highlights the commonalities and overlaps that exist between these different branches and fosters cooperative study across a wide cultural, historical, and sociological milieu. Rather than following an isolated approach to their areas of study, academics in different fields of Islamic and Middle Eastern Studies benefited from one another's methodologies, and collectively built a wide body of knowledge.
Innocence lost : Islamism and the battle over values and world order
Distorted imagination : lessons from the Rushdie affair
Islam & travel in the Middle Ages
Narrative, gender and authority in Abbasid literature on women
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
Back to the roots, the origins and the beginning : reflections on revival (tajdīd) in Islamic discourse
Jãmiʻ al-Saʻãt (The collector of felicites)
Literary criticism in medieval Arabic-Islamic culture : the making of a tradition
Sayri dar asar-i hunari-i islami = Journey through Islamic art
American encounters with Islam in the Atlantic world
The Middle Eastern city and Islamic urbanism : an annotated bibliography of western literature
Describes how a group of Timbuktu librarians enacted a daring plan to smuggle the city's great collection of rare Islamic manuscripts away from the threat of desctuction at the hands of Al Qaida militants to the safety of southern Mali.
Udhëtim nëpër artin islamik = Journey through Islamic art
Modern Palestinian literature and culture
Arabic literature of Africa. Vol. 3, The writings of the Muslim peoples of Northeastern Africa
Rethinking orientalism : women, travel and the Ottoman harem
Vidiadhar Surajprasad Naipaul, b. 1932, Trinidadian writer of Indian origin and Nobel Prize winner
Critical perspectives on literature and culture in the new world order
The genesis of literature in Islam : from the aural to the read
An armchair guide to the Middle East. Vol. 2, The muslim world
The commentary of al-Nayrizi on Books II-IV of Euclid's Elements of Geometry : with a translation of that portion of Book I missing from ms Leiden or. 399.1 but present in the newly discovered Qom manuscript edited by Rüdiger Arnzen
Women in Islam and the Middle East : a reader
Islam and popular culture in Indonesia and Malaysia
The house of the mosque
The writings of Nawal El Saadawi are essential to anyone wishing to understand the contemporary Arab world. Her dissident voice has stayed as consistent in its critique of neo.imperialist international politics as it has in its denunciation of women's oppression, both in her native Egypt and in the wider world. Saadawi is a figure of international significance, and her work has a central place in Arabic history and culture of the last half century. Featuring work never before translated into English, The Essential Nawal El Saadawi gathers together a wide range of Saadawi's writing. From novellas and short stories to essays on politics, culture, religion and sex; from extensive interviews to her work as a dramatist; from poetry to autobiography, this book is essential for anyone wishing to gain a sense of the breadth of Saadawi's work.
