http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26643 admission guides
admission guides
Preparing for success : practical guide for young musicians
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
The complete guide to careers in special events : step toward success!
What color is your parachute? : a practical manual for job-hunters & career-changers
Developing and branding the fashion merchandising portfolio
Fashion & textiles : the essential careers guide
Word for word
Clothes & your appearance
This thesis is based on the project conducted by the author who created a practical job hunting manual for hospitality students in Helsinki. The idea for this project was formed over half a year ago, during the spring of 2008 when the author was looking for a summer job. She found it challenging to acquire all the necessary information in English and more specifically for her place of residence, Helsinki. This grievance was echoed by some of her fellow students, which is when the author decided to create her own manual.    The purpose of this thesis is to provide a concise and targeted manual of job hunting methods in English for hospitality students in Helsinki. The objectives of this thesis are to a) examine the Finnish labor market as well as the prediction of future labor opportunities and trends in the hospitality industry, b) inspect general recruitment methods, c) discuss general selection processes, focusing especially on interviews which are still the most common selection tools used today and d) link the findings to the practical advice in the manual, to show how they were applied and to make sure that the advice is reliable and valid.    The research was based on recent articles, HRM textbooks, course material and an interview. The product was developed with its target market in mind which included conducting a SWOT analysis, part of which was addressing the threat of similar products on the market. These competitors are discussed, giving significance to the product. A brief sketch of how the product could be promoted closes off the chapter dealing with the project plan.     In conclusion of the key results, the labor market in Finland looks promising for the service industry; the creation of new jobs is anticipated also in the hotel, restaurant and tourism sectors. Recruitment was found to be made up of a series of steps usually beginning with a job description followed by internal recruiting and in many cases also external recruiting. When there is great need, an organization may decide to hold a special event or invest in college recruiting. The amount and type of selection processes used by an organization will depend largely on its size, its need and the level of difficulty involved in finding the right people. The interview is the most common selection tool. Some organizations will also use employment tests as part of their screening process. Much of the advice was formulated from these findings and is based on an understanding of recruitment and selection processes from the perspective of the employer.
Raising an amazing musician : you, your child and music
Gradireland : the official careers directory 2007 for students and graduates in Ireland, north &south
The readers' advisory guide to genre fiction
Choosing colours : an expert choice of the best colours to use in your home
Job-hunting on the internet : a desktop companion to the website, http://www.tenspeed.com/parachute
What color is your parachute workbook : how to create a picture of your ideal job or next career
Individuality in clothing selection and personal appearance
Chic simple : clothes
Music business handbook and career guide
Totally  interactive guitar bible
"The step-by-step process in Careers in Special Events will help event planners showcase their skills. It shows them how to create a unique and creative approach with a proven plan. Industry professionals provide insight and advice on gaining the appropriate skills, making contacts, networking, and using knowledge to ace job interviews. Various Action Steps are featured throughout the pages, as well as exercises to reinforce concepts. The Practice Activity at the end of each chapter helps measure progress and identify areas of individual focus. Samples of cover letters and thank you notes in addition to dining etiquette when interviewing over a meal are also presented to give event planners all the tools they'll need to succeed. -- Provided by publisher.
Practical job hunting manual for hospitality students in Helsinki
Lend me an ear : the temperament, selection and training of the hearing dog
"The step-by-step process in Careers in Special Events will help event planners showcase their skills. It shows them how to create a unique and creative approach with a proven plan"--Provided by publisher.
Finding a job : how to plan your career
The official guide for GMAT® review
The Chicago guide to your career in science : a toolkit for students and postdocs
Perfect Curtains : Smart and simple solutions using fabulous fabrics
Writing skills in nursing and healthcare : a guide to completing successful dissertations and theses
The complete dog breed book
Drum hardware set-up and maintenance
How to survive your doctorate : what others don't tell you
Starting your career as a dancer
The young musician's survival guide : tips from teens and pros
Individuality in clothing selection & personal appearance : a guide for the consumer
Doing qualitative research : a practical handbook
