http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2666 bass guitar
bass guitar
Russ Shipton's rock & pop bass guitar 2
101 bass tips : stuff all the pros know and use
Gibson guitars : 100 years of an American icon
Fretless bass
Electric guitars and basses : a photographic history
Bass basics
Chord bassics
Pearls and Crazy Diamonds : Fifty Years of Burns Guitars 1952-2002
British guitars / The buyer's guide
Pentatonic scales for electric bass : a practical approach to the pentatonic scales world for 4 and 5 string
Warm-up exercises for bass guitar : stretches, coordination exercises, scale-based finger patterns, arpeggios
The official Vintage Guitar Magazine price guide 2009
Bass guitar for dummies
First bass : the ultimate guide to bass guitar fundamentals
How to play bass guitar : easy to read, easy to play : basics, styles & techniques
Bass heroes : styles, stories & secrets of 30 great bass players : from the pages of Guitar Player Magazine
Learn to burn : 5-string bass
Bass fitness : An exercising handbook
How the Fender bass changed the world
NY International
...just add water..
Mel Bay's studio/stage band bass studies
50 funk grooves for the bass
Bass player : Vantaa
Play electric bass from chord symbols
Hal Leonard bass method : complete edition
Once
Total science 3 : drum & bass
Intro to polyrhythms : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 1
Radio Free Albemuth
Bass handbook : The complete guide to mastering the bass guitar
It's so easy {and other lies} : the autobiography
The Fender guitar
Official truth : 101 proof : the inside story of Pantera
Hands on bass! : Interactive method
Chords for bass : the complete guide to understanding and applying chord structures on the bass guitar
The Fretless Bass
Somethinels
The complete bass guitar player : The A to Z of bass guitar
The time, the season
Basic bass workout
Things to do live in Denver
Learn to play bass
1, 2, to the bass
Play Bass Today!
Rhythm of the earth : advanced bass techniques
Funk grooves for bass
Russ Shipton's rock & pop : bass guitar 2
The quest for the melodic electric bass : from Jamerson to Spenner
More accelerate your bass playing
8th Street nites
What bass
Daily chop-builders for bass
Play bass scales
Odd-meter basics : A comprehensive method for playing bass in diverse time signature
Mel Bay's first lessons : bass
I Wanna Play for You
The legendary bass of Chuck Rainey
Chord studies for electric bass
Learn bass : master edition
The bass book : a complete illustrated history of bass guitars
Glenn Hughes : the autobiography : from Deep Purple to Black Country Communion
All cheeses great and small : a life less blurry
Walking bassics : the fundamentals of jazz bass playing
Original Bluesway sessions
Russ Shipton's rock & pop : Bass guitar 1
The high-performance Marshall handbook : a guide to great Marshall amplifier sounds
Bass method. Book 2 : second edition
Tipbook electric guitar & bass
Learn to play bass guitar : a beginner's guide to playing acoustic and bass guitar
Advanced bass grooves
The bass book
Modern Electric Bass : Musical transcriptions and analysis of an interview of Jaco Pastorius by Jerry Jemmott ; Transcriptions and text by Jerry Jemmott ; additional transcriptions by Kjell Benner
Recording guitar and bass : getting a great sound every time you record
Note reading studies for bass
Country bass guitar made easy
Harmonic colours for bass : [a musical approach to chord and scale relationships]
Absolute beginners : omnibus edition. Bass guitar
Rock power bass
American basses : An illustrated history & player's guide
Gruhn's guide to vintage guitars
Of fungi and foe
The official Vintage Guitar Magazine price guide 2012
6 string bassics : a comprehensive source for scales, arpeggios. chord forms, and techniques
At the Music Box
Teach yourself to play bass : everything you need to know to start playing now!
We sold our soul for rock'n'roll : bass guitar transcriptions including vocals
Basic bass
Mel Bay's Electric bass method. 1
Bass playing techniques : the complete guide
Scale studies for bass : major scales & arpeggios
To live is to die : the life and death of Metallica's Cliff Burton
Bass culture : the John Entwistle bass collection
Bass method. Book 1
The official Vintage Guitar Magazine price guide 2011
Electric guitars & basses : a photographic history
The best of Nirvana
What Did He Say?
East River drive
The new method for electric bass. Book 1 : From the beginning
Rockschool : guitar, bass, drums
Deeper inside the bass
Bass extremes : with tabulature
Electric bass lines. 4
Essential music theory for electric bass
Mel Bay's beginning bass solos
Ultimate bench warrior : how to design, build, and modify custom guitar and bass amplifiers
Electric bass lines no. 1
Easy guide to rhythm & blues for bass guitar
Silver rain
Slap bass lines
Learn rock bass : intermediate
A show of hands
Progressive tapping technique for bass guitar
Dictionary of bass grooves : a collection of grooves and styles for bass guitar
The complete 1970s Epic albums collection
The Complete Electric Bass Player. Book 1, The Method
Twins II
Muted Grooves for Bass
Easy rock bass
LEARN TO PLAY THE ALFRED WAY ELECTRIC BASS
Electric bass lines. 3
Girl in a band : a memoir
Anyone can play electric bass
Essential advanced scales for electric bass : modes of the melodic minor, harmonic minor, diminished, whole-tone, and blues scales
Progressive slap tecnique for bass guitar
How to play electric bass chord
Bass guitar : scales and melodic patterns
The complete electric bassist. [Volume One]
Best of Tower of Power for bass
The Ozell tapes : the official bootleg : Marcus Miller live
Electric bass lines. 1 : Boogaloo, latin rock, 3-string studies, double dtops / by Carol Kaye
Rocks, Pebbles and Sand
Sight reading mastery for bass guitar : learn to read music the right way
How to play Electric Bass Chord
Xtreme! Bass : Ideas & exercises to unlock your creativity
The rough guide to electric guitar & bass guitar
Grooves for electric bass
It's so easy and other lies : the autobiography
Holy cow!
Slap bass : the ultimate guide
Boss of the bass
Bass method. Book 3 : second edition
Bass 101 : a contemporary approach to playing bass
Bill Wyman : stone alone : the story of a rock 'n' roll band
Metric modulations : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 2
Mel Bay's basic bass lines
Progressive bass licks
Official truth : 101 Proof : the inside story of Pantera
The stompbox cookbook : Build advanced effects for electric guitar & bass
The Bass Guitar
Fretless bass : the ultimate fretless bass workout
Can you follow?
Bass day '97
The official Vintage Guitar Magazine price guide 2002
The Toys of men
The bass handbook
