http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26687 house construction industry
house construction industry
Form Island
Abstract.
Customer satisfaction : case Lapponia House Oy
Rural buildings of the Lothians : conservation and conversion
Glass Processing Days : the 9th International Conference on Architectural and Automotive Glass : conference proceedings, Tampere, Finland 17-20 June 2005.
How to set up & run a fashion label
The commodification of childhood : the children's clothing industry and the rise of the child consumer
A history of building types
Perry's department store : a buying simulation
The UK and German construction industry foresight and respective value proposition ingredients to the industrial customers
The golden age of couture : Paris and London, 1947-1957
Horrockses fashions : off-the-peg style in the '40s and '50s
The use of cost, customer and competition information in the pricing process
Korundi : from a post bus depot into a house of culture
Understanding vented gas explosions
Reviving monuments : historic architecture and contemporary projects : approaches to historic building re-use seen on 40 sites in Europe today
Managing risks in the international growth business of Finnish construction contractors and building product suppliers
Glass processing days
Glass Performance Days : professionals products processing : conference proceedings, Tampere, Finland 15-18 June 2007.
Survey on automation of the building construction and building products industry
Ecohouse : a design guide
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
Summary: "Perry's Department Store: A Buying Simulation bridges the gap between the principles of retail buying and mathematical concepts using a unique simulation approach that takes readers step-by-step through a real-life buying experience. Videtic and Steele present a simplified process for making complex buying decisions using the fictitious Perry's Department Store that walks students through the steps a new buyer would take to complete a six-month buying plan and a merchandise assortment plan for categories including junior, misses' bridge/contemporary, men's, children's, denim, accessories, or home fashion.The fourth edition has been revised with statistical information to reflect a more contemporary structure and business model for a successful department store.The new Perry's Department Store is organized to reflect a larger-scale department store in today's market. Students interact by researching current market and industry trends to build their business. The charts and forms in this book and companion website are replicas of those found in the retail and wholesale industry to expose student to the procedures and policies they can expect to find in a first job as an assistant buyer. This new edition and companion website launches students directly into the exciting role of a retail buyer in the fashion industry"--.
How to increase the brand awareness of OBSCUR?
Ongoing innovations of industrialized building technology in Finland
Spirits of resistance and capitalist discipline : factory women in Malaysia
Timber product markets in the UK
The Finnish wooden-house transformed : American prefabrication, war-time housing and Alvar Aalto
Building products from Finland
Forest product conversion factors for the UNECE region
Building economics : appraisal and control of buiding design cost and efficiency
Big shed
The proud history of Agco
Traction in action : Valtra's six decades
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Roadmap for ICT-based opportunities in the development of the built environment
Half-architecture
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
Reaping the bounty : McCormick Harvesting Machine Company turns abroad, 1878-1902
From Munktells to Valtra : the success story of the Nordic tractor continues
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 3
Internationalization plan for Leon Chouinard & Sons
Glass processing days : conference proceedings, 13 to 16 June 1999, Tampere, Finland
The importance of China's forest products markets to the UNECE region
The success story of peasant tobacco production in Tanzania : The political economy of a commodity producing peasantry
General framework of log house and wooden prefabricated house marketing in South Korea (Republic of Korea)
Shopped : the shocking power of British supermarkets
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
Fashion labels
Benefits of agricultural and forestry machinery standardization in Finland
Transition from an industrial building into a music center : the spirit of it
Competitiveness of Finnish firms in building markets in the Baltic countries
Concert Hall : Concert Hall Society and Concert Hall Record Club : discography
Maatalouskoneita 50 vuotta = Fifty years of agricultural machinery
Stephen Biesty's incredible cross-sections
Experiencescapes : tourism, culture and economy
Suomalainen rakennustaide = Modern architecture in Finland
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 2, Väestö. Talous. Liikenne
Echoes of forgotten places : urban exploration, industral archaeology and the aesthetics of decay
Space, hope and brutalism : English architecture, 1945-1975
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 1
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 2
The Massey Legacy. 1, Volume One : A product and company review of Massey, Harris, Massey-Harris, Ferguson and Massey Ferguson
Summary.
Ecology and good looks sell wood houses
Prefabricated houses
ICT for environmental sustainability : green ICT roadmap
The subsidy from nature : palm forests, peasantry, and development on an Amazon frontier
Moroccan fashion : design, tradition and modernity
Tarketing the marketing work as a segmentation problem with special emphasis on the heating installation market for small houses in Finland
Finnish architecture with an edge
The chitlin' circuit : and the road to rock 'n' roll
Combined production of mixed peat and wood fuel: starting points in Finnish circumstances
E2 -kilpailu poiki kaksi voittajaa : Two winners in the E2 competition
The god of small things
Suomen ympäristörakentaminen 2008 = Finnish landscape architecture 2008
