http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26661 crickets
crickets
The conditional (-isi) form of verb in Finnish
Cricket radio : tuning in the night-singing insects
To make life easier
English summary.
A sound guide to the grasshoppers and crickets of Western Europe
Mantids of the Euro-Mediterranean area
Gardens of life and death
Atlas of grasshoppers, crickets and allied insects in Britain and Ireland
Bahrain nature. Vol. 2. Bahrain insect portraits
The external male genitalia and the phylogeny of Blattaria and Mantodea
Animals, thy neighbours : new poems by Sirkka Turkka
The songs of the grasshoppers and crickets of Western Europe
Warblers of Europe, Asia and North America
Odour detection in the desert locust, Schistocerca gregaria : antennal structure and function
Rearing crickets in the classroom
B. Year one : BALTIC, the centre for contemporary art, Gateshead July 2002-2003 / ed. by Sarah Martin
Touching knitwear : textile artist Sirkka Könönen's sweaters evoke emotions
The Finnish language is different but not difficult
Elements of the sublime and the grotesque in the poetry of Sirkka Turkka
Ecology and management of grasshoppers (Orthoptera) of cereals in central Ethiopia
Please be seated !.
Ant and the grasshopper
Genetics of condition and sexual selection
The face of the village
The importance of edge effect in line transect censuses applied in marshland habitats
Bugs in Close Up
Śalabha, pataǹga, etc. : locusts, crickets, and moths in Sanskrit literature
Nip of love = Rakkauden puraisu
Elämän kirjo neuleissa : kuva tekstiilitaiteilija Sirkka Könösestä = Nature's yarns : a portrait of textile artist Sirkka Könönen and her knitwear
Farmyard from the main gate to the back of the stable
The very quiet cricket
The Saltatoria (bush-crickets, crickets and grasshoppers) of Northern Europe
In vitro electrophysiology of photoreceptors of two nocturnal insect species, Periplaneta americana and Gryllus bimaculatus
The Arnold Lobel audio collection
The hand of nature : butterflies, beetles and dragonflies
A catalogue of the Mantodea, : with descriptions of new genera and species, and an enumeration of the specimens, in the collection of the Indian museum, Calcutta. by J. Wood-Mason
Mad about minibeasts!
Sirkka: an agricultural village clearing in the coniferous forest of western Lapland
Sirkka-Liisa Lonka : nip of love = rakkauden puraisu / Sirkka-Liisa Lonka
The diet of John the Baptist : "Locusts and wild honey" in synoptic and patristic interpretation
Post-dispersal predation on conifer seeds and juvenile seedlings in boreal forest
Reed and bush warblers
The energy flow through a Chorthippus parallelus (Zett.) (Orthoptera) population on a meadow in Tvärminne, Finland
Myth and meaning : San-Bushman folklore in global context
The village of Kuhmoinen as a scene of change
Contemporary Finnish poetry : a journey in good company
Microbial control of grasshoppers and locusts
A new species of Confusacris (Orthoptera: Acrididae), with a key to the known species
Senseless : defying the mechanisms of disablement = Sinnles : wider die Methoden der Behinderung / Wolfgang Temmel, Evelyn Kraus (eds. = Hrsg.)
Grasshoppers
Nature's yarns - a portrait of textile artist Sirkka Könönen and her knitwear
The reptile survival manual
Dimensio : Finnish experimental artists' group : Latvian Museum of Foreign Art : M6 : 7.5. -2.6.1996  = Dimensija : Somijas eksperimentalas makslas grupa : Arzemju Makslas Muzeja : M6 : 7.5. - 2.6.1996
The coal coast / Sirkka-Liisa Konttinen ; text edited by Graeme Rigby
Sirkka Turkka : poems : introduction
Are you a grasshopper?
Natureś Yarns : a portrait of textile artist Sinikka Könönen and her knitwear
Grasshopper Jungle
Fighting the locusts ... safely : pesticides in desert locust control : balancing risks against benefits
Select bibliography
