http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2668 grassland farming
grassland farming
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Turfgrass Management and Science for Sports Field : Athens Greece, 2-7 June
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1998-2005 = Results of official variety trials 1998-2005
Value management of construction projects
The role of nitrogen in grassland productivity
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2004-2011 = Results of official variety trials 2004-2011
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Introduction to plant science
Impact of increasing concentrations of O[sub 3] and CO[sub 2] on wheat, clover and pasture
The influence of harvest date, nitrogen application and weather on development and nutritional value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and its implication for prediction of forage quality
Influence of autumn cutting time and weather on growth potential and growth of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.)
The grass crop : the physiological basis of production
Handbook of turfgrass management and physiology
Increasing the selenium content of cereal and grass crops in Finland
Growth and utilization of timothy : meadow fescue pastures
Crops 2
Grass : its production and utilization
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2006-2013 = Results of official variety trials 2006-2013
Grassland ecology
The grass crop : its development, use and maintenance
Grassland carbon sequestration : management, policy and economics : proceedings of the Workshop on the Role of Grassland Carbon Sequestration in Mitigation of Climate Change, Rome, April 2009
Analyses of climatic factors affecting snow mould injury in first-year timothy (Phleum pratense L.) with special reference to Sclerotinia borealis
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Flytgödsel till vall = Slurry applied to grass and mixed ley
Pasture rotation : system for the care and utilization of pastures
Development of freezing tolerance and vernalisation in forage grasses in field experiments (2009-2013)
Agronomic challenges for organic crop husbandry
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Nitrogen dynamics of organic farming in a crop rotation based on red clover (Trifolium pratense) leys
Nitrogen use in grassland in spring in the Netherlands and elsewhere in Europe: temperature sum, stage of growth, rate and source of nitrogen
Effect of climate change in the North on growth, yield formation and photosynthesis of spring wheat and meadow fescue
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Agronomy of grassland systems
Grassland signals : a practical guide for getting the most out of grassland
Fundamentals of turfgrass and agricultural chemistry
Perennial forage and pasture crops : proceedings of the 13th Nordic graduate course in plant production
Managing grass for horses : the responsible owner's guide
An ecological atlas of grassland plants
Irrigated pastures in western Canada
Molecular and phenotypic characterisation of Nordic meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis Huds.) with a view on phylogeographic history
High value grassland : providing biodiversity, a clean environment and premium products
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1988-1995 = Results of official variety trials 1988-1995
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2000-2007 = Results of official variety trials 2000-2007
Proceedings of the general meeting of the European Grassland Federation, Lahti, Finland, June 8-11, 1992.
Lowland grasslands of Europe: utilization and development
The protection of turf grasses, 1979-March 1987 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Fodders for the Near East: alfalfa
Report of a Working Group on Forages : Seventh Meeting, 18-20 November 1999, Elvas, Portugal : European Cooperative Programme for Crop Genetic Resources Networks (ECP/GR)
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
White clover
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Grassland management for organic farmers
Growth and utilization of timothy-meadow fescue pastures
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Forage crops
Advances in Pasture and Hay-Meadow management : collection of papers prepared in 1944-1958 by the staff of the Meadow and Pasture Section of the Leningrad Agricultural Institute
Forage legumes for temperate grasslands
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
A study of factors affecting germination, establishment, and competition of the turfgrass species red fescue (Festuca rubra L. spp. litoralis Vasey), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), and Kentucky bluegrass (Poa pratensis L.)
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2002-2009 = Results of official variety trials 2002-2009
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2005-2012 = Results of official variety trials 2005-2012
Conventional and ecological grassland management : comparative research and development : proceedings of the international symposium, Tartu, July 4-6, 2000
Growth analysis of timothy, meadow fescue and red clover mixture in northern Sweden
Annual ryegrasses in Atlantic Canada
Forages. Vol. 1, An introduction to grassland agriculture
Effect of nitrogen fertilization, grass species and cultivar on sod production on Valkeasuo peat bog - a case study
Clover science and technology
Animal manure on grassland and fodder crops : fertilizer or waste ? : proceedings of an International symposium of the European Grassland Federation, Wageningen, The Netherlands, 31 August-3 september 1987
Weed and scrub control on organic grassland
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Residual effect of clover-rich leys on soil nitrogen and successive grain crops
The effect of frequency and height of cutting on cocksfoot swards
Long-term establishment of earthworm populations in grassland on reclaimed industrial cutaway peatland in Ireland
Grazing management for Nordic organic dairy farming
Grassland renovation and weed control in Europe : a conference held at Graz, Austria, September 18-21, 1991.
"Implementing grassland management practices that increase carbon uptake by increasing productivity or reducing carbon losses (e.g. through high rates of offtake) can lead to net accumulation of carbon in grassland soils - sequestering atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2). Globally, the potential to sequester carbon by improving grassland practices or rehabilitating degraded grasslands is substantial - of the same order as that of agricultural and forestry sequestration. Because practices that sequester carbon in grasslands often enhance productivity, policies designed to encourage carbon sequestering grassland management practices could lead to near-term dividends in greater forage production and enhanced producer income. Practices that sequester carbon in grasslands also tend to enhance resilience in the face of climate variability, and are thus likely to enhance longer-term adaptation to changing climates. Developing policies to encourage the adoption of practices that sequester carbon has several significant challenges, such as demonstrating additionality, addressing the potential for losses of sequestered carbon, and engaging smallholders and pastoralists with uncertain land tenure. In addition, the paucity of data in developing countries hampers the measurement, monitoring and verifying of carbon sequestration in response to those practices. This report reviews the current status of opportunities and challenges for grassland carbon sequestration. Based on these observations, the report then identifies components that could foster the inclusion of grasslands in a post-2012 climate agreement, and the development of policies to improve grassland management."--Executive summary.
16th International grassland congress, 4-11 October 1989, Nice, France = Congrès international des herbages, 4-11 Octobre 1989, Nice, France
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Pests and diseases
Improved grassland management
Challenges and opportunities for carbon sequestration in grassland systems : a technical report on grassland management and climate mitigation
Alfalfa : Botany, cultivation and utilization
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Critical factors in cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) panicle production in Finland and the implications for seed production
Persistence of forage legumes : proceedings of a trilateral workshop held in Honolulu, Hawaii, 18-22 July 1988
Silage in western Europe : a survey of 17 countries
