http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26691 social metadata
social metadata
Publishing in the networked world: transforming the nature of communication : 14th International Conference on Electronic Publishing, 16-18 June 2010, Helsinki, Finland
Search Engine Optimization bible
State of the art applications of social network analysis
Originating from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and many other networking sites, the social media shared by users and the associated metadata are collectively known as user generated content (UGC). To analyze UGC and glean insight about user behavior, robust techniques are needed to tackle the huge amount of real-time, multimedia, and multilingual data. Researchers must also know how to assess the social aspects of UGC, such as user relations and influential users. Mining User Generated Content is the first focused effort to compile state-of-the-art research and address future directions of UGC. It explains how to collect, index, and analyze UGC to uncover social trends and user habits. Divided into four parts, the book focuses on the mining and applications of UGC. The first part presents an introduction to this new and exciting topic. Covering the mining of UGC of different medium types, the second part discusses the social annotation of UGC, social network graph construction and community mining, mining of UGC to assist in music retrieval, and the popular but difficult topic of UGC sentiment analysis. The third part describes the mining and searching of various types of UGC, including knowledge extraction, search techniques for UGC content, and a specific study on the analysis and annotation of Japanese blogs. The fourth part on applications explores the use of UGC to support question-answering, information summarization, and recommendations.
Personal content experience : managing digital life in the mobile age
Metaliteracy : reinventing information literacy to empower learners
All over the world people are exploring what information literacy means in the 21st century. The authors provide a review of trends and theories, and suggest a model that "allows lifelong learners to create meaning through an interactive and participatory social network. Today's learners communicate, create, and share information using a range of information technologies such as social media, blogs, microblogs, wikis, mobile devices and apps, virtual worlds, and MOOCs. In this book the authors present a comprehensive structure for information literacy theory that builds on decades of practice while recognizing the knowledge required for an expansive and interactive information environment. The concept of metaliteracy expands the scope of traditional information skills (determine, access, locate, understand, produce, and use information) to include the collaborative production and sharing of information in participatory digital environments (collaborate, produce, and share) prevalent in today's world. Combining theory and case studies, the authors: Show why media literacy, visual literacy, digital literacy, and a host of other specific literacies are critical for informed citizens in the twenty-first century ; Offer a framework for engaging in today's information environments as active, self-reflective, and critical contributors to these collaborative spaces ; Connect metaliteracy to such topics as metadata, the Semantic Web, metacognition, open education, distance learning, and digital storytelling. This approach to information literacy helps students grasp an understanding of the critical thinking and reflection required to engage in technology spaces as savvy producers, collaborators, and sharers. -- From publisher's website.
Handbook of research on social interaction technologies and collaboration software : concepts and trends
Social network analysis increasingly bridges the discovery of patterns in diverse areas of study as more data becomes available and complex. Yet the construction of huge networks from large data often requires entirely different approaches for analysis including; graph theory, statistics, machine learning and data mining. This work covers frontier studies on social network analysis and mining from different perspectives such as social network sites, financial data, e-mails, forums, academic research funds, XML technology, blog content, community detection and clique finding, prediction of user's- behavior, privacy in social network analysis, mobility from spatio-temporal point of view, agent technology and political parties in parliament. These topics will be of interest to researchers and practitioners from different disciplines including, but not limited to, social sciences and engineering.
Interpreting hashtag politics : policy ideas in an era of social media
Mining user generated content
Tagging : people-powered metadata for the social web
Social networks and the semantic web
Social media, sociality and survey research
eBoot camp : proven internet marketing techniques to grow your business
"This book explores the origin, structure, purpose, and function of socially interactive technologies known as social software."--Provided by publisher.
