http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26603 protective agents
protective agents
Applicability of crude tall oil for wood protection
Introduction to human nutrition
Cosmetics : controlled efficacy studies and regulation
The chemistry of wood preservation
The home apothecary : cold spring apothecary's cookbook of hand-crafted remedies and recipes for the hair, skin, body & home
Development of commercial wood preservatives : efficacy, environmental, and health issues
Dehalogenases for polyhalogenated aromatic compounds in Rhodococcus chlorophenolicus PCP-1 and Mycobacterium fortuitum CG-2
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2 = Part 2, Standardit = Standards
Polymers : the pathway to versatile technology
Cosmetology - theory and practice : research, test methods, analysis, formulas. I
Fission product transport in the primary circuit and in the containment in severe nuclear accidents
Cosmetic dermatology : products and procedures
Evaluation of in situ remediation methods in soils contaminated with organic pollutants
Transport, bioavailability and effects of Ky-5 and CCA wood preservative components in aquatic environment
Introduction to contamination control and cleanroom technology
"Improve your knowledge and treat patients with confidence using today's most advanced cosmeceutical treatments and expert guidance from author Zoe Diana Draelos, MD. Cosmeceuticals, 3rd Edition, a volume in the Procedures in Cosmetic Dermatology Series, covers cutting-edge content, keeping you up to date with developments in this rapidly-moving field so you can offer your patients the latest cosmeceutical therapies with optimal results." -- p. 4 of cover.
In this second edition of the introductory text in the acclaimed Nutrition Society Textbook Series, Introduction to Human Nutrition has been revised and updated to meet the needs of the contemporary student. Introduction to Human Nutrition is an essential purchase for students of nutrition and dietetics, and also for those students who major in other subjects that have a nutrition component, such as food science, medicine, pharmacy and nursing. Professionals in nutrition, dietetics, food science, medicine, health sciences and many related areas will also find much of great value within its cov.
Analysis of cosmetic products
Formulations in cosmetic and personal care
Basic science for modern cosmetic dermatology
Nuclear safety in the European Community
Respiratory and dermal exposure to creosote
Shopped : the shocking power of British supermarkets
Harry's cosmeticology : 3
Bioremediation of chlorophenol-contaminated sawmill soil
Antifungal activity of compounds derived from natural resources and methods for early decay evaluation
Development of new halogen-free and multifunctional flame retardants
Contaminants of emerging environmental concern
Wood modification : chemical, thermal and other processes
Apply topically : a practical guide to formulating topical applications
Handbook of cosmetic science and technology
Housing design for cattle : Danish recommendations : interdisciplinary report
A short textbook of cosmetology : a short guide to the development, manufacture and sale of modern skin care and skin protection cosmetics with an aside on the history and prehistory of cosmetics
Tulityöturvallisuus. Osa 2: Standardit : Safety in hot works. Part 2: Standards
Food science
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2, Standardit = Standards
Dermatologic, cosmeceutic, and cosmetic development : therapeutic and novel approaches
Ischaemia-Reperfusion-Induced Kidney Injury : Experimental studies on the effects of caloric restriction, AMPK activator AICAR and alpha2-adrenoceptor agonists in the rat
Handbook of pollution prevention and cleaner production. 2, Best practices in the wood and paper industries
Analysis of Cosmetic Products advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products. In the format of an easy-to-understand compendium of published literature on the subject, this book will enable people working in the cosmetic industry or in research laboratories to: * become familiar with the main legislative and analytical literature on this subject and  * learn about and choose suitable analytical procedures for production monitoring and control of cosmetic p
Environmental impacts of treated wood
Effects of pesticide use and perennial grass strips on arthropod fauna in a northern field ecosystem
Summary: Dangerous services. The prevalence of safety-related problems and their prevention.
Comparison of disaccharides and polyalcohols as stabilizers in freeze-dried protein formulations
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
Bioremediation of chlorophenol wastes
'Analysis of Cosmetic Products' advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products.
New families of highly efficient, halogen-free flame retardants for polypropylene (PP)
The ultimate natural beauty bible
The use and formation of CPs, PCPPs and PCDDs/PCDFs in mechanical and chemical wood processing industries
Reduction of volatile organic compound emissions from industrial coating and impregnation of wooden surfaces
Treatise of japanning and varnishing 1688
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 12, Hitsauksen työturvallisuus = Health and safety in welding
Cattle housing design : Danish recommendations : interdisciplinary report
Flame-retardant Sol-gel applied to linen fabric : case: experimenting with the wash-fastness of a phosphorous flame-retardant
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Biodegradable substances in wood protection
Textiles for protection
Introduction to cosmetic formulation and technology
Wood deterioration, protection, and maintenance
