http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26673 export industry
export industry
Marketing strategies of China market entry : case study of Blastman Robotics Oy
The East European construction market
Investigating seven case companies from the Oulu South region of Finland : SCA and DEA methods
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
Boosting Music Exports : How could the music export office develop the exports of the independent music scene in the Czech Republic?
How to enter the Finnish market : case: Beijing Guanghui Textile Co, Ltd
Market potential for customised tools in the German engineering industry
Finnish mechanical forest industry SME perceptions of export barriers to Russia
Seminar on Product Development and Export Marketing for Rubberwood Products : 6-17 September, 1993, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Studies in export promotion : attempts to evaluate export stimulation measures for the Swedish textile and clothing industries
Sales possibilities of Finnish forest products for Vereinigte Papiergroßhandlungen in Germany
Developing a successful dealer network in North America
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Navigating new routes to export promotion : will re-focusing yield results for the Finnish boat industry?
Exporting Finnish music to Japan
Trade and industry of Finland
Finlandia wood : special issue on Finland's forestry and mechanical woodworking industry
Export plan for DH By Ben
The Republic of Korea as a market for the Finnish sawn softwood
Vertical oligopolistic markets : the export market for forest products
Forest products : the direction of trade 1985-1989. Vol 2, Woodpulp, paper and paperboard
Finnish exports of alcoholic beverages
The Finnish Guarantee Board : an international evaluation
Manager's perspectives on conducting business : small firms specializing in handicrafts exports in Vietnam
Fish marketing and credit in Viet Nam
In the EU countries, the car industry is of greatest significance to GDP and employment in Germany and some countries in East-Central Europe. In these countries a shock to the car industry could have a heavy impact on the national economy. The industry accounts for some 10% of the EU's goods exports..
Finnish forest industries statistics : statistics for..
Going Chinese : Is Exchange Rate Undervaluation a Relevant Policy for Boosting Africa's Manufactured Export Sector
The markets for Nepalese garments in the Federal Republic of Germany and Denmark
Facts and figures
On price adjustment in the sawlog and sawnwood export markets of the Finnish sawmill industry
A guide for Finnish textile companies entering Nigeria
A world of paper : Finnpap 75
Development Strategy of Anhui Garments Import&Export Co.Ltd
Trade in forest products between Finland and the United States of America
Study on export possibilities of mechanical forest industry products from selected Eastern and Southern African countries
Export process to the United States of America
Northwest Russia : development of the woodworking industry and opportunities as a potential market area for Finland
The effects of exchange rates in sawnwood exports from Finland and Sweden during the EMU regime
Suggestions for developing export garment processing activities of MAIDUC Company Ltd Vietnam
A survey of the German and British markets for selected handicrafts
Japan as a target market for one key Finnish business sector - the machine building industry
Error-correction models in the demand for Finnish paper exports to the United Kingdom
Exports of cellulose and paper from Finland to Great Britain in the period 1958-1972 : an application of a multi-equation model.
Study of possible usage of Finnish building technology in Chinese building development
New Zealand forestry statistics 1991.
The markets for Sri Lankan rubber gloves in Italy and Sweden
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
Significance of the car industry in EU countries
Market analysis of the Canadian pressure garment market: case: Lymed Oy
New Zealand forestry statistics 1993.
Paper for the World
Barriers to internet and e-commerce use by wood products export firms in Ghana
International marketing strategy for a Finnish paper company entering the French market
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
Some experiments with Bayesian estimators
Post-entry factors as drivers for foreign operation mode change : case of Finnish firms in Chile
Finnish paper products in transport and related export competitiveness : empirical study in the impact of product characteristics on logistics, transport costs and distribution
Exploring firm level market knowledge competence and its implications for the speed and success of export expansion : a mixed methodology study from the software industry
The creative industries : culture and policy
Internationalisation possibilities of Ikkeläjärven Laatupuu Oy
Russia as a market area for Finnish design furniture : case Artek
International readiness and marketing strategy : assessing and developing international readiness, marketing strategy and action plan for RTA-Metalli Oy
Latvia and Lithuania as target market for Purso Oy : the most suitable way for Purso Building Systems to start exporting to Latvia and Lithuania
The export and the distribution opportunities for Jomeks Oy : Iomus Swingsaw on the French wood industry markets
Spanish wood working industry : geographical structure, export and import
Abstract: Sales possibilities of Finnish forest products for Vereinigte Papiergroßhandlungen in Germany.
Exporting to the Ukrainian water treatment market. Case study: Bimaks Kimya Ltd.
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Production aéronautique française : le marché mondial = the world's market
Export performance of the firms in the Finnish engineering industry
Export marketing possibilities of forest products from Tanzania
The effects of the appreciating exchange rate (dollar-yuan) for the Chinese textile export industry and the countermeasures
Strategic group formation : the case of Scandinavian furniture producers of the FRG market
Maximizing Export Performance of Alcoholic Beverages in Ghana Through Packaging.  : Case: Kasapreko Company Limited and Gihoc Distilleries Company Limited
The effect of relative price variations on the sawnwood imports to the United Kingdom from Finland
Foreign operations of the firm : their quantitative structure and the factors behind them
Finding new territories to expand a business is a common goal for many. Many markets are flooded with such a variety of products it is sometimes hard for an entering business to be noticed. Entering a virgin market that is not yet saturated with the mass companies is an ideal situation for a business. They would be new, fresh and desired. There are many countries that are considered to be up and coming economies. The factors in making these countries virtually untouched are many, some including poverty, crime, corruption and even terrorism. The objective of this thesis is to show Nigeria as a lucrative target market and to create a guide for entry. There are barriers to entry and fears of terrorism that keep many businesses away. In this work, it will unveil some of the people in Nigeria, lessening the mystery to this culture. The Nigerian culture is very business orientated and worldwide, business is business, and this is a common bond that foreign businesses have with their Nigerian counterparts. This thesis is written jointly with a Nigerian author and an American author, giving the knowledge of a native Nigerian as well as the questions of an outsider. The commissioners for this thesis are also used as the case companies. The first commissioner/case company is Vallila Interior, a Finnish interior design company and the focus will be on their brightly colored textiles. The second commissioner/case company will be Altretes Enterprises, a Nigerian interior design company wishing to import foreign textiles to meet their clientele’s demand. This thesis will be a guide on connecting the two companies and easing some fears the Finnish company might have about entering the Nigerian market.
Openness, specialisation and vulnerability of the Nordic countries
The competitiveness of Bando Apparels Ltd in international market
Intraindustry trade, competitiveness, and price rigidities in the Finnish manufacturing industries
United in diversity : cultural policy and its dimensions
Russian market potential for timber related products
The market for Chinese Cashmere sweaters in France
Process Improvement : Measurement and analysis of deviations in the maritime transport documentation process
Forest products : the direction of trade 1985-1989. Vol 1, Roundwood, sawnwood, woodbased panels
Forests and forestry in Poland, Lithuania, the Ukraine, and the Baltic provinces of Russia, with notices of the export of timber from Memel, Danzig and Riga
STRATEGIES FOR SHAOXING TEXTILE COMPANIES IN ECONOMIC CRISIS. CASE STUDY: BOLA TEXTILE COMPANY
Symposium on forest products and roundwood markets : Hanasaari, Finland 14.-16.11.1983
Navigating new routes to lobbying in Brussels : research on European Boating Industry
