http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26662 men's suits
men's suits
A history of men's fashion
Menś fashion in the twentieth century : from frock coats to intelligent fibres
Ellenikes phoresies = Greek costumes = Costumes grecs. 2
100 years of menswear
Vintage menswear : a collection from the vintage showroom
50s popular fashions : for men, women, boys and girls
The complete book of tartan : a heritage encyclopedia of over 400 tartans and the stories that shaped Scottish history
Reigning men : fashion in menswear, 1715-2015
Metric pattern cutting for menswear : including unisex clothes and computer aided design
"From choosing the right pair of eyeglasses to properly coordinating a tie, shirt, and pocket square, getting dressed is an art to be mastered. Yet how many of us just throw on, well, whatever in the morning? How many understand the subtleties of selecting the right pair of shoelaces or the most compatible patterns-much less the history, imperatives, and importance of our choices? In True Style, fashion expert G. Bruce Boyer provides a crisp, indispensable primer for this daily ritual, cataloguing the essential elements of the male wardrobe and showing how best to employ them. Detailing the evolution of the most classic items and traditions in menswear-from fabrics like denim and linen, to staples like blazers and button-down shirts, to the rules for combining them all-Boyer reveals what true style looks like, and why"--
The man of fashion : peacock males and perfect gentlemen
The vintage showroom : an archive of menswear
Patterns of fashion 4 : the cut and construction of linen shirts, smocks, neckwear, headwear and accessories
Furs for men
"This catalogue was published in conjunction with the exhibition Reigning Men: Fashion in Menswear, 1715-2015, organized by the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and made possible by the Wallis Annenberg Director's Endowment Fund. Exhibition itinerary: Los Angeles County Museum of Art: April 10-August 21, 2016 The Powerhouse Museum, Sydney: December 3, 2016-March 12, 2017 Saint Louis Art Museum: May 25-September 17, 2017"--
Fashion and its social agendas : class, gender and identity in clothing
Fashioning fashion : Ff : European dress in detail, 1700 - 1915
In fine style : the art of Tudor and Stuart fashion
ABC of men's fashion
Patterns of fashion : the cut and construction of clothes for men and women 1560-1620
Siberia : life on the taiga and tundra
English summary / The English Center.
Historic costume in pictures
A facinating look at men's most ubiquitous uniform and status symbol, from classic respectability to the heights of innovation. Features fantastic photographs of the suit from the 1860s to date. Celebrates suit-wearers, from dandies to diplomats, from law-makers to music-makers.
A history of costume in the West
Fashion accessories : the complete 20th century sourcebook
Classic tailoring techniques for menswear : a construction guide
On men : masculine dress code from the ancient Greeks to cowboys
The suit : form, function and style
Fashionable clothing from the Sears catalogs : late 1930s
Menswear illustration
Mode drawing : [costume] : [male]
Patternmaking for menswear
Big book of fashion illustration
Magnificence of the Tsars : ceremonial men's dress of the Russian Imperial Court 1721-1917 : from the collection of the Moscow Kremlin Museums
Fashion
Classic tailoring techniques : a construction guide for men's wear
Sharp suits
English summary.
Men's fashion : the complete sourcebook with over 1000 colour illustrations
Material strategies : dress and gender in historical perspective
Rahwaan puku : näkökulmia Suomen kansallismuseon kansanpukukokoelmiin = Folk costume : a survey of the Finnish National Museum folk costume collection
100 Years of menswear
True style : the history & principles of classic menswear
Why a man should be well-dressed : appearances can be revealing
"The global interest in menswear has exploded in recent years as the discerning man, whatever his style, looks to express himself through fashion. As a result the industry has seen the rise of a new breed of menswear illustrators who are redefining the industry and its visuals through works commissioned for the pages of GQ, Dazed & Confused, and Vogue Hommes, as well as for the campaigns of Carhartt, Thom Browne, Alexander McQueen, Prada, and Christian Dior, among others. This inspiring survey of contemporary men's fashion drawing introduces a generation of illustrators who approach fashion image-making with sophisticated artistry. From the exuberant street sketches of Richard Haines, made rapidly on the streets of New York, to the delicate drawings of C©♭dric Rivrain or the bold graphic approach of Donald Urquhart, these groundbreaking talents are expanding our perceptions of the modern man. Richard Kilroy, a top menswear illustrator in his own right, introduces and contextualizes the movement before bringing together designers' sketches, street-style reportage, editorial coverage, and commissions for leading brands. Whether drawn in pencil, splashed across a sketchbook, or digitally rendered, the illustrations are as varied in style as menswear itself."--Publisher's website.
Bespoke menswear : tailoring for gentlemen
History of men's costume
The armed forces of world war II : uniforms, insignia and organization
Men's clothing & fabrics in the 1890s
How to pick a suit : the simple guide for a stylish man
