http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26694 presentation graphics
presentation graphics
The visualization process doesn’t happen in a vacuum; it is grounded in principles and methodologies of design, cognition, perception, and human-computer-interaction that are combined to one’s personal knowledge and creative experiences. Design for Information critically examines other design solutions —current and historic— helping you gain a larger understanding of how to solve specific problems. This book is designed to help you foster the development of a repertoire of existing methods and concepts to help you overcome design problems. Learn the ins and outs of data visualization with this informative book that provides you with a series of current visualization case studies. The visualizations discussed are analyzed for their design principles and methods, giving you valuable critical and analytical tools to further develop your design process. The case study format of this book is perfect for discussing the histories, theories and best practices in the field through real-world, effective visualizations. The selection represents a fraction of effective visualizations that we encounter in this burgeoning field, allowing you the opportunity to extend your study to other solutions in your specific field(s) of practice. This book is also helpful to students in other disciplines who are involved with visualizing information, such as those in the digital humanities and most of the sciences.
The visual display of quantitative information
Microsoft® Office PowerPoint® 2010 quicksteps
Pocket Pal : a graphic arts production handbook
Every day, at work, home, and school, we are bombarded with vast amounts of free data collected and shared by everyone and everything from our co-workers to our calorie counters. In this highly anticipated follow-up to The Functional Art—Alberto Cairo's foundational guide to understanding information graphics and visualization—the respected data visualization professor explains in clear terms how to work with data, discover the stories hidden within, and share those stories with the world in the form of charts, maps, and infographics. In The Truthful Art, Cairo transforms elementary principles of data and scientific reasoning into tools that you can use in daily life to interpret data sets and extract stories from them.
Design for information : an introduction to the histories, theories, and best practices behind effective information visualizations
From one of Inc. magazine's "Coolest College Startups" - the revolutionary three-step method that will transform every presentation into an experience for the audience. Rid the world of bad presentations with: Engaging Content + Memorable and Simple Design + Powerful Delivery Together, these create an unforgettable experience for the audience, The Big Fish Experience. Big Fish Presentations spends every day making the incomprehensible compelling; the mundane interesting; and the complex simple. Whether it's a presentation about an idea, a product, a service, a business, or a cause, at its heart, it's a story. The Big Fish Experience will help you tell yours. Learn how to: captivate with the power of story, enticing visuals, and infectious enthusiasm; inspire with the perfect pitch, a strong message, and a call to action; engage with supreme skill and confidence - and achieve your purpose every time. In this practical, step-by-step guide, you'll find proven techniques and expert tips on new presentation tools; innovative ways to deliver your ideas; case studies of presentations, which you can emulate immediately; and ways to recover if things go wrong. Big Fish Presentations works with clients nationwide - from startups to Fortune 100 companies - to turn presentations into experiences by providing copy writing, presentation design, presentation training, and video production, using the latest, most innovative strategies.
"Helping graphic designers expand their 2D skills into the 3D spaceThe trend in graphic design is towards 3D, with the demand for motion graphics, animation, photorealism, and interactivity rapidly increasing. And with the meteoric rise of iPads, smartphones, and other interactive devices, the design landscape is changing faster than ever.2D digital artists who need a quick and efficient way to join this brave new world will want 3D for Graphic Designers.Readers get hands-on basic training in working in the 3D space, including product design, industrial design and visualization, modeling, animation, lighting, and rendering?all the skills necessary in today's competitive environment. Helps 2D graphic designers gain the skills they need for a competitive job market that increasingly demands the ability to create or work in 3D Covers product design, industrial design and visualization, modeling, animation, lighting, and rendering Prepares you to create designs for iPads and other interactive mobile devices, as well as for print, Web, broadcast, film, HD, video, and more Uses Luxology modo to illustrate 3D concepts, but the author?s techniques and insights will help any artist moving into 3D, no matter what software they use This timely book is just what you need to create compelling and realistic 3D imagery and improve your job skills"--
Drawing for 3-dimensional design : concepts, illustration, presentation
The best informational diagrams : a collection of graphics that communicate information visually. 1
Curve and surface fitting : an introduction
Microsoft Office Visio 2007 for dummies
The infographic history of the world
Resonate : present visual stories that transform audiences
Graphic recording : live illustrations for meetings, conferences and workshops
Microsoft PowerPoint 2013 : step by step
Envisioning information
Prezi for dummies
"Visualization Analysis and Design provides a systematic, comprehensive framework for thinking about visualization in terms of principles and design choices. The book features a unified approach encompassing information visualization techniques for abstract data, scientific visualization techniques for spatial data, and visual analytics techniques for interweaving data transformation and analysis with interactive visual exploration. It emphasizes the careful validation of effectiveness and the consideration of function before form. The book breaks down visualization design according to three questions: what data users need to see, why users need to carry out their tasks, and how the visual representations proposed can be constructed and manipulated. It walks readers through the use of space and color to visually encode data in a view, the trade-offs between changing a single view and using multiple linked views, and the ways to reduce the amount of data shown in each view. The book concludes with six case studies analyzed in detail with the full framework. The book is suitable for a broad set of readers, from beginners to more experienced visualization designers. It does not assume any previous experience in programming, mathematics, human-computer interaction, or graphic design and can be used in an introductory visualization course at the graduate or undergraduate level"--Provided by publisher.
Essential MATLAB for scientists and engineers
"This is learning made easy. Students will get productive fast with PowerPoint 2016 and jump in wherever they need answers--brisk lessons and colorful screen shots show them exactly what to do, step by step."--www.pearsonhighered.com.
The art of Maya : an introduction to 3D computer graphics
Beyond bullet points : using Microsoft PowerPoint to create presentations that inform, motivate, and inspire
Visualize this : the FlowingData guide to design, visualization, and statistics
Applied security visualization
Microsoft Office PowerPoint 2007 : step by step
The designer's guide to presenting numbers, figures, and charts
Teach yourself visually PowerPoint 2013
Visual strategies : a practical guide to graphics for scientists & engineers
Microsoft PowerPoint 2016 step by step
First Steps : Powerpoint 97
Office 2013 for dummies
"A fresh take on financial data visualization for greater accuracy and understanding Your data provides a snapshot of the state of your business and is key to the success of your conversations, decisions, and communications. But all of that communication is lost or incorrectly interpreted without proper data visualizations that provide context and accurate representation of the numbers. In Visualizing Financial Data, authors Julie Rodriguez and Piotr Kaczmarek draw upon their understanding of information design and visual communication to show you how to turn your raw data into meaningful information. Coverage includes current conventions paired with innovative visualizations that cater to the unique requirements across financial domains, including investment management, financial accounting, regulatory reporting, sales, and marketing communications. Presented as a series of case studies, this highly visual guide presents problems and solutions in the context of real-world scenarios. With over 250 visualizations, youll have access to relevant examples that serve as a starting point to your implementations. " Expand the boundaries of data visualization conventions and learn new approaches to traditional charts and graphs " Optimize data communications that cater to you and your audience " Provide clarity to maximize understanding " Solve data presentation problems using efficient visualization techniques " Use the provided companion website to follow along with examples The companion website gives you the illustration files and the source data sets, and points you to the types of resources you need to get started." -- ONIX annotation
Easy Office 2013
An introduction to ray tracing
Visual explanations : images and quantities, evidence and narrative
Infographics for dummies
Handbook of data visualization
Information visualization : perception for design
Power to your point : a practical guide to the creation of effective PowerPoint® presentations
Designing multimedia : a visual guide to multimedia and online graphic design
The cognitive style of PowerPoint : pitching out corrupts within
Be the speaker they follow with breakthrough innovative presentations! This practical guide uses clear language and a concise style to enable you to reimagine, reinvent, and remake your presentations. From preparing for distracting responses and behavior to choosing the best hardware and apps for your needs, you'll gain the skills to present with confidence and power.
Information is beautiful
Information visualization
Interactive data visualization : foundations, techniques, and applications
Building Powerpoint templates step by step with the experts
"Information Design shows designers in all fields - from user-interface design to architecture and engineering - how to design complex data and information for meaning, relevance, and clarity. Written by a worldwide authority on the visualization of complex information, this full-color, heavily illustrated guide provides real-life problems and examples as well as hypothetical and historical examples, demonstrating the conceptual and pragmatic aspects of human factors-driven information design. Both successful and failed design examples are included to help readers understand the principles under discussion"--
Presentation zen : simple ideas on presentation design and delivery
Visual statistics : Seeing data with dynamic interactive graphics
Go! with Microsoft : PowerPoint 2013 : brief
Data points : visualization that means something
Information visualization : an introduction
Foundations of GTK+ development
Discover visual marketing with infographics, tips on designing and distributing great infographics, how to make your work shareable, and much more. Beegle gives you a complete overview of the field, and helps you discover how to create and distribute your own.
PowerPoint 2010 : foundation to intermediate guide
3-Dimensional realisation of segmented MR images using a Personal Computer
Applications in LabVIEW
Data flow : visualising information in graphic design
Effective executive's guide to PowerPoint 2002 : the seven steps for creating high-value, high-impact PowerPoint presentations
Slide:ology : the art and science of creating great presentations
A practical guide to graphics reporting : information graphics for print, web & broadcasting
A guide to the presentation graphics program covers such topics as using ready-made templates, creating charts and graphs, adding animation and sound, and e-mailing presentations.
Lattice : multivariate data visualization with R
Good charts : the HBR guide to making smarter, more persuasive data visualizations
Illustrating computer documentation : the art of presenting information graphically on paper and online
Data flow 2 : visualizing information in graphic design
Microsoft PowerPoint 2013 plain & simple
Microsoft Office Visio 2007 : step by step
Graphical methods for data analysis
Graphical data analysis with R
The big fish experience : create memorable presentations that reel in your audience
Sams teach yourself : OpenOffice.org 2, firefox and thunderbird for windows all in one
3D for graphic designers
The truthful art : data, charts, and maps for communication
Storytelling with data : a data visualization guide for business professionals
"A good visualization can communicate the nature and potential impact of ideas more powerfully than any other form of communication. For a long time, "dataviz" was left to specialists-data scientists and professional designers. No longer. A new generation of tools and massive amounts of available data make it easy for anyone to create visualizations that communicate ideas far more effectively than generic spreadsheet charts ever could. What's more, building good charts is quickly becoming a need-to-have skill for managers-if you're not doing it, another manager is, and they're getting noticed for it, and getting credit for your company's success. In Good Charts, dataviz maven Scott Berinato provides an essential guide to how visualization works and how to use this new language to impress and persuade. Dataviz is where spreadsheets and word processors were in the early 1980s-on the cusp of changing how we work. Berinato lays out a system for thinking visually and building better charts through a process of talking, sketching, and prototyping. The book goes well beyond proffering a set of static rules for making visualizations and taps into well-established and vanguard research in visual perception and neuroscience, as well as the emerging field of visualization science, to explore why good charts (and bad ones) create "feelings behind our eyes." Along the way, Berinato also includes many engaging vignettes of dataviz pros, illustrating the ideas in practice. Good Charts will help you turn plain, uninspiring charts that merely present information into smart, effective visualizations that powerfully convey ideas. This is your go-to guide for dataviz-the new language of business. "--
The effect of information visualization on financial reports
Information graphics : a comprehensive illustrated reference
How to render : the fundmentals of light, shadow and reflectivity
Visual storytelling : inspiring a new visual language
"Be the leader audiences will follow with innovative presentations." Innovative Presentations For Dummies is a practical guide to engaging your audience with superior, creative, and ultra-compelling presentations. Using clear language and a concise style, this book goes way beyond PowerPoint to enable you to reimagine, reinvent, and remake your presentations. Learn how to stimulate, capture, and hold your audience in the palm of your hand with sound, sight, and touch, and get up to speed on the latest presentation design methods that make you a speaker who gets audiences.
Innovative presentations for dummies®
Create electronic presentations plus challenges & assessment tasks : Microsoft Powerpoint 2013
The functional art : an introduction to information graphics and visualization
Explains how to effectively utilize the latest version of the integrated software package, covering Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Access.
Information graphics : innovative, solutions in contemporary design
Informotion : animated infographics
The power of infographics : using pictures to communicate and connect with your audience
Visualization analysis & design
Infographics : the power of visual storytelling
Designing information : human factors and common sense in information design
Information Graphics
Microsoft Office Visio 2007 inside out
