http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26730 insanity
insanity
Politics of nostalgia in the Arabic novel : nation-state, modernity and tradition
The Bellwether revivals
The Cell
Is mental illness – or madness – at root an illness of the body, a disease of the mind, or a sickness of the soul? Should those who suffer from it be secluded from society or integrated more fully into it? This Way Madness Lies explores the meaning of mental illness through the successive incarnations of the institution that defined it: the madhouse, designed to segregate its inmates from society; the lunatic asylum, which intended to restore the reason of sufferers by humane treatment; and the mental hospital, which reduced their conditions to diseases of the brain. Rarely seen photographs and illustrations drawn from the archives of mental institutions in Europe and the U.S. illuminate and reinforce the compelling narrative, while extensive ‘gallery’ sections present revealing and thought-provoking artworks by asylum patients and other artists from each era of the institution and beyond.
Holy foolishness in Russia : new perspectives
What ever happened to Baby Jane?
Bringing madness home : the multiple meanings of home in Janet Frame's Faces in the water, Bessie Head's A question of power and Lauren Slater's Prozac diary
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
What is madness?
Mind, modernity, madness : the impact of culture on human experience
A man of genius
Pushkin and the genres of madness : the masterpieces of 1833
The tell-tale heart
"The volume throws fresh light on a major polarity in Euripidean drama, including its roots in the tradition and its reception in vase-painting and literature. Virtually all Euripidean characters are subject to folly and claim some measure of wisdom. Leading international scholars discuss the polarity and the plays' ambiguities from various angles and theoretical perspectives, offering trenchant insights into moral, social and historical issues."--
The silver linings playbook
Hunting ground
When the corpse of a brutally mutilated murder victim turns up at the time of the full moon, accompanied by some most unusual paw prints, professional wizard and supernatural investigator Harry Dresden finds himself searching Chicago for the werewolf stalking the city / WorldCat.
Lightborn
Boundary crossings : in borderlands between faith, insanity and death
Telling madness : narrative, diagnosis, power, and literary theory
Wolverine weapon X. [vol. 2]: Insane in the brain
Sanity, madness, transformation : the psyche in romanticism
Cthulhu realms
Madness: A History is a thorough and accessible account of madness from antiquity to modern times, offering a large-scale yet nuanced picture of mental illness and its varieties in western civilization. The book opens by considering perceptions and experiences of madness starting in Biblical times, Ancient history and Hippocratic medicine to the Age of Enlightenment, before moving on to developments from the late 18th century to the late 20th century and the Cold War era. Petteri Pietikainen looks at issues such as 18th century asylums, the rise of psychiatry, the history of diagnoses, the experiences of mental health patients, the emergence of neuroses, the impact of eugenics, the development of different treatments, and the late 20th century emergence of anti-psychiatry and the modern malaise of the worried well. The book examines the history of madness at the different levels of micro-, meso- and macro: the social and cultural forces shaping the medical and lay perspectives on madness, the invention and development of diagnoses as well as the theories and treatment methods by physicians, and the patient experiences inside and outside of the mental institution.Drawing extensively from primary records written by psychiatrists and accounts by mental health patients themselves, it also gives readers a thorough grounding in the secondary literature addressing the history of madness. An essential read for all students of the history of mental illness, medicine and society more broadly.
King, poet, seer : aspects of the Celtic Wild Man legend in medieval literature
Madness in civilization : a cultural history of insanity, from the Bible to Freud, from the madhouse to modern medicine
Wisdom and folly in Euripides
Madness, in our culture, is defined by visibility. From the popular press to TV soaps and films, the depiction of madness always borders on the extreme: violent outbursts, fits, hallucinations. But what if madness is not exactly what we think it to be? What if it is the rule rather than the exception? And what if its defining features are not visible and dramatic but, on the contrary, highly discreet, shared by average citizens who will never come to psychiatric attention? What if, in other words, there is a difference between being mad and going mad? Beginning and ending with the case of Harold Shipman - a mass-murderer so apparently 'normal' that some of his patients said they would still be treated by him even after his conviction - psychoanalyst Darian Leader explores the idea of discreet madness, and argues that it is only through revising our concept of what madness is that we will have the tools to help those who have gone mad to rebuild their lives.
Gothika
Silent as the grave
Mad Tuscans and their families : a history of mental disorder in early modern Italy
Madness and the mad in Russian culture
The awakening artist : madness and spiritual awakening in art
Praise of folly : and, Pope Julius barred from heaven
The shining
Mental health, spirituality, and religion in the Middle Ages and Early Modern Age
Yksi lensi yli käenpesän : One flew over the cuckoo's nest
Homer and Langley
Trials of the King of Hampshire : madness, secrecy and betrayal in Georgian England
In the culminating volume of her nationalism trilogy, Greenfeld argues that we have overlooked the connection between egalitarian society and mental illness. Modern nationalism rests on principles of popular sovereignty, equality, and secularism. Citizens of the twenty-first century enjoy unprecedented freedom to become the authors of their personal destinies. Empowering as this is, it also places them under enormous psychic strain. They must constantly appraise their identities, manage their desires, and calibrate their place within society. For vulnerable individuals, this pressure is too much. Training her analytic eye on extensive case histories in manic depression and schizophrenia, Greenfeld contends that these illnesses are dysfunctions of selfhood caused by society's overburdening demands for self-realization. In her rigorous diagnosis, madness is a culturally constituted malady.
Madness : a history
The psychopath test : a journey through the madness industry
"The loss of reason, a sense of alienation from the commonsense world we all like to imagine we inhabit, the shattering emotional turmoil that seizes hold and won't let go--these are some of the traits we associate with madness. Today, mental disturbance is most commonly viewed through a medical lens, but societies have also sought to make sense of it through religion or the supernatural, or by constructing psychological or social explanations in an effort to tame the demons of unreason. Madness in Civilization traces the long and complex history of this affliction and our attempts to treat it. Beautifully illustrated throughout, Madness in Civilization takes readers from antiquity to today, painting a vivid and often harrowing portrait of the different ways that cultures around the world have interpreted and responded to the seemingly irrational, psychotic, and insane. From the Bible to Sigmund Freud, from exorcism to mesmerism, from Bedlam to Victorian asylums, from the theory of humors to modern pharmacology, the book explores the manifestations and meanings of madness, its challenges and consequences, and our varied responses to it. It also looks at how insanity has haunted the imaginations of artists and writers and describes the profound influence it has had on the arts, from drama, opera, and the novel to drawing, painting, and sculpture." -- Publisher's description.
Two books on second homes
I'll Walk Alone
The Pilgrims
Mental disorders in the classical world
Enduring love
Henry's demons : a father and son's journey out of madness
Landscapes of madness = Mielettömyyden maisemat
The life and adventures of Sir Launcelot Greaves
This way madness lies : the asylum and beyond
Princesses behaving badly : real stories from history - without the fairy-tale endings
Strong imagination : madness, creativity and human nature
In the wake of the Kautokeino event : changing perceptions of insanity and the Sámi 1852-1965
Madness and cinema : psychoanalysis, spectatorship and culture
