http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26789 obstruction
obstruction prevention
Playing fair
Organelle specific mechanisms of neuronal cell death
Right now the global economy is on the brink of (another) depression. In Economic Reform Now, some of the world's leading economists issue a strong warning on the grave errors that are threatening to take the global economy over the brink. Richard Koo warns about the dangers of fiscal austerity in times of deleveraging by the private sector. James K. Galbraith illustrates the dangers of deregulation of the financial markets. Paul Davidson explains the concept of objective uncertainty. Jayati Ghosh explores economic integration in the developing world. And Heiner Flassbeck wraps up by highlighting the need for a new international monetary system that better reflects the fundamentals and puts trade back into its proper role of stimulating development. As Europe moves closer to economic disaster, and America fights back a return to double-digit unemployment, this is a must read for policy makers and anyone else concerned about the economy.
Software-based countermeasures to 2D facial spoofing attacks
Pilates - a teachers' manual : exercises with mats and equipment for prevention and rehabilitation
Time and time again
Conflict communication : a new paradigm in conscious communication
Phishing and countermeasures : understanding the increasing problem of electronic identity theft
Person of interest. The complete third season
Summary.
Money laundering - emphasis on customer due diligence -  as a final thesis topic was developed during my practical training as a banking advisor at Nordea Bank Finland. The topic was a current issue at work especially due to tightening legal obligations but also due to sanctions given to Nordea Group in Sweden for neglecting proper customer due diligence procedures. Not only was the topic current and important to the commissioner but also very interesting when connected to international business studies. The goal of the thesis was study the interrelationship of the parties involved: Finnish Act on money laundering and customer due diligence; party subject to the law; the customers of the party. How the law obliges the party to know its customers more thoroughly; how the party obtains information from the customer; how the customers react and experience the thorough interviewing when opening a new customer relationship. The Finnish Act is very strict concerning customer due diligence. If it cannot be properly followed, a new customer relationship cannot be opened nor a transaction executed. There are numerous different money laundering methods and the scale of it represents an OECD 2009 study, where the amount of illicit money laundered globally in 2009 was evaluated to be 2.7% of the global GDP. Major issues facing financial institutions are: Identifying the origin of the funds; how a company's account will be used (what kind of traffic will be expected); and transparency of ownership. While the studies showed that major situations that caused suspicion was connected to incoming funds and money transfers, a survey conducted in the Nordea corporate branch among the employees supported this study. The major question in the survey was what kind of questions generated avoidance among customers and the most common answer was origin of the funds and future account traffic. The other survey was conducted in order to gain knowledge about customers' experience in the Nordea corporate branch. It is generally considered that the numerous questions in the interviewing might be irritating to the customers, but the survey results indicate contrary opinions. In order for the interviewing to be smooth and comfortable, a conversational approach could be used. Customer service skills are highlighted in how the questions are asked. The main focus in obtaining information should be in knowing how the banking services/products will be used and where the funds are originating. This enables the detection of suspicious activity on both transparent and non-transparent companies.
Eradicating female genital mutilation : a UK perspective
Being a teenager has never been easy, but in recent years, with the rise of the Internet and social media, it has become exponentially more challenging. Bullying, once thought of as the province of queen bees and goons, has taken on new, complex, and insidious forms, as parents and educators know all too well. The author defines what bullying is and, just as important, what it is not. She explores when intervention is essential and when kids should be given the freedom to fend for themselves. She also dispels persistent myths: that girls bully more than boys, that online and in-person bullying are entirely distinct, that bullying is a common cause of suicide, and that harsh criminal penalties are an effective deterrent. Above all, she believes that to deal with the problem, we must first understand it. She explores different facets of bullying through the stories of three young people who found themselves caught in the thick of it. Thirteen-year-old Monique endured months of harassment and exclusion before her mother finally pulled her out of school. Jacob was threatened and physically attacked over his sexuality in eighth grade -- and then sued to protect himself and change the culture of his school. Flannery was one of six teens who faced criminal charges after a fellow student's suicide was blamed on bullying and made international headlines. The author takes us into schools that have succeeded in reducing bullying and examines their successful strategies.
Sticks and stones : defeating the culture of bullying and rediscovering the power of character and empathy
Corporate fraud and corruption : a holistic approach to preventing financial crises
This explorative study presents an empirical examination of the connection between motivation and the measures individuals take to prevent everyday accidents and prepare for crises. Positional factors (age and gender) and situational factors (education, size of locality, and household composition) are included because the literature highlights their importance. The study used data gathered in a 2010/2011 poll of randomly selected Swedish residents aged 16-75 (N = 2000; 44.8% response rate). A factor analysis reduced the theoretical model for situational motivation (Guay, Vallerand, & Blanchard, 2000) from four to two dimensions: motivation and amotivation. Subsequent regression analyses statistically confirmed the connection between motivation or amotivation and the extent to which individuals pursue preventative and preparedness measures, even when accounting for positional and situational factors. These findings underscore the need for continued studies of individuals' incentives to prevent accidents and prepare for crises and for the study of the nuances of (situational) motivation and preventive/preparedness measures.
Organization & activities
"This book presents a functional taxonomy to see, understand, and manipulate the roots of life's conflicts. You will have the background, the principles, and a collection of tricks to manage and ideally avoid dangerous conflicts. You may not realize that your reactions to conflict are subconscious, scripted, and for the good of the group. Once recognized, you can take actions that will reduce your being caught up in conflicts."--Publisher.
Improving safety on Finnish railways by prevention of trespassing
Individuals' interest in preventing everyday accidents and crises : a Swedish explorative study of the importance of motivation
Seeing culture everywhere : from genocide to consumer habits
Leukocyte trafficking : a special focus on VAP-1 and CLEVER-1
Yksin kotona 2 = Home alone 2 : lost in New York
Exploring the drivers of responsible investment in European pension funds
Games, in the right environment with the right guidance from teachers, offer students opportunities to grow as independent problem solvers, decision makers, and team players. In addition, students can learn a host of other skills, strategies and concepts that can transfer not only to other games but also to other life situations. Anti-social behaviour and bullying are ongoing problems in schools today. The concepts and practical ideas for lessons offered in Playing Fair address those problems proactively as students learn about conflict resolution, inclusion, democratic decision making, leadership and bullying.
Person of interest = Kohde. The complete first season
Bisphosphonate inhibition of prostate cancer cell invasion, migration and cytoskeletal organization
Once upon a time in Mexico
Economic reform now : a global manifesto to rescue our sinking economies
Person of interest. The complete fourth season
Person of interest. The complete second season
A Farewell to Ads?  : On the conflicts between online advertisements and adblockers
Cell encapsulation in hydrogels for long-term protein delivery and tissue engineering applications
Prevention of money laundering in a financial institution : customer due diligence
Nuclear nightmares : securing the world before it is too late
Millions of people use Pilates training to improve health and fitness, or regain movement capability following injury or disease. Competent, professional support from physiotherapists, sports teachers and trainers is of vital importance for every client or patient. Pilates: A teachers manual provides you, as a professional, with fundamental teaching structures and practical guidelines. The concepts which characterized the traditional approach to Pilates are combined with the evolved methods of modern Pilates training, and backed up by current findings in sports science and kinesiology. Pilates For Prevention - Methodology - movement categories, functional systems, functional anatomy and biomechanics, etc. - Techniques for testing and classification of training objectives - Modern mat training: ca. 40 exercises - Class plans tailored to specific groups (beginner, intermediate, advanced, pre-natal, etc.) Pilates For Therapy - Basics - ICF classification, phases of rehabilitation, strength, mobility - Exercises utilizing the Pilates equipment (Reformer, Cadillac, etc., small apparatus) - Therapeutic mat exercises - Movement in muscle chains -Treatment examples from orthopedics, neurology, etc. Clear descriptions - All exercises clearly presented on double pages - Concise movement instructions - More than 500 color photographs illustrate movements step-by-step - References and practical tips on all themes Inter-disciplinary relevance and comprehensibility.
Living in the shadow of the Freud family
