http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26757 restlessness
restlessness
The information age is drowning us with an unprecedented deluge of data. At the same time, we're expected to make more -- and faster -- decisions about our lives than ever before. No wonder, then, that the average American reports frequently losing car keys or reading glasses, missing appointments, and feeling worn out by the effort required just to keep up. But somehow some people become quite accomplished at managing information flow. In The Organized Mind, Daniel J. Levitin, PhD, uses the latest brain science to demonstrate how those people excel -- and how readers can use their methods to regain a sense of mastery over the way they organize their homes, workplaces, and time.
The theory and practice of revolt in medieval England
A tipper full of skinned limbs : fiction and the Northern Ireland Troubles
Thank goodness for Bob
Keys to parenting your anxious child : Expert advice and practical strategies to help children cope in today's world
The finest type of English womanhood
Growing up mindful : essential practices to help children, teens, and families find balance, calm, and resilience
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
While many adults now understand how mindfulness practice helps us alleviate the stress and anxiety of our busy modern lives, getting a typical teenager on board is another story. Dr. Christopher Willard draws on his work with hundreds of young children, tweens, and teens - along with countless hours training parents, teachers, and other counselors - to make the principles and practices of mindfulness accessible, entertaining, and cool for people of all ages and interests. Features dozens of exercises to incorporate mindfulness into daily life (in class, extracurricular activities, among peers), specific meditations and movement practices, compassion training, and more.
Raising your spirited child : a guide for parents whose child is more intense, sensitive, perceptive, persistent, and energetic
Never tickle a tiger
