http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26737 natural forces
natural forces
War or peace in the South China Sea?
Renewable energy in Europe : building markets and capacity
Do Payroll Tax Cuts Raise Youth Employment? We study whether payroll tax reductions are an effective means to raise youth employment. In 2007, the Swedish employer-paid payroll tax was cut on a large scale for young workers, substantially reducing labor costs for this group. Using the variation in payroll taxes across cohorts, we estimate a significant, but small, impact both on employment and on wages. Effects of Taxes on Youth Self-Employment and Income. I examine the link between taxes and youth self-employment. I make use of a Swedish reform that made the payroll tax and the self-employment tax vary by age. The results suggest that youth self-employment is insensitive to tax reductions, both in the short run and in the somewhat longer run. For those defined as self-employed, I find positive effects on income from self-employment, and negative effects on income from wage employment. Can Indifference Make the World Greener? We conducted a natural field experiment at a large university in Sweden to evaluate the effects of two resource conservation programs. The first intervention consisted of a campaign that actively tried to convince people to cut back on printing in general, and to use double-sided printing whenever possible. The second intervention exploited people's tendency to stick with pre-set alternatives. At random points in time we changed the printers’ default settings, from single-sided to double-sided printing. Whereas the moral appeal had no impact, the default change cut paper use by 15 percent. The Origins of Behavioral Contagion: Evidence from a Field Experiment on Facebook. We explore the micro-level foundations of behavioral contagion by running a natural field experiment on the networking site Facebook. Members of Facebook express positive support to content on the website by clicking a Like button. We show that users are more prone to support content if someone else has done so before.
Beast
Science as a career choice : theoretical and empirical studies
Research manpower : managing supply and demand
Perspectives of renewable energy resources utilization in Karelian fuel-energy balance : proceedings of the first international seminar, 4.-7. April, 1993, Petrozavodsk, Russia. Vol. 2
Benign energy? : the environmental implications of renewables
Academic environment : a handbook for evaluating employment opportunities in science
Taxes, nudges, and conformity : essays in labor and behavioral economics
Sustainable energy : choosing among options
Alternative energy resources : the quest for sustainable energy
International business : the challenge of global competition
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Environment legislation concerning nature protection of Lake Ladoga
This title provides a breathtaking and beautiful exploration of our planet. The book, which accompanies the BBC1 TV series, provides the deepest answers to the simplest questions.
Renewable energy : a user's guide
Integration of alternative sources of energy
Renewable and alternative energy resources : a reference handbook
Renewable energy : sustainable energy concepts for the future
The world of risks : three vulnerable villages in Northeastern Peru
Perspectives of renewable energy resources utilization in Karelian fuel-energy balance : proceedings of the First International Seminar, 4.-7- April, 1993, Petrozavodsk, Russia
Handbook of renewable energies in the European Union : case studies of the EU-15 states
Renewable energy focus handbook
Drowning reindeer, drowning homes : indigenous Sámi and hydroelectricity development in Sompio, Finland
The birth of Europe : colliding continents and the destiny of nations
Renewable energy resources
The Soviet Union and northern waters
The author argues that the Japanese may use the devastating March 2011 earthquake and tsunami, and consequent terrifying meltdown at the nuclear complex at Fukushima, to stimulate their economy and turn it into a mature economy, comfortable in itself, with satisfactory growth and a senior and respected seat in the global parliament.
Democratizing water governance in the Mekong
Summary (s. 11-12, concluding remarks (s. 45-46).
New renewable energy resources : a guide to the future
Survival of the prettiest : the science of beauty
Theory of production : a long-period analysis
Renewable energy : sources for fuels and electricity
Energy at the crossroads : global perspectives and uncertainties
Forces of nature
Marking of the forest reserve boundaries in the East Usambara mountains
Water and power resources service : project data 1981.
Abstract: The common Vuoksi : human-environment interaction in the Vuoksi river valley from 1800 to present.
Multidisciplinarity in development studies?
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Harvesting forest products
Winner take all : China's race for resources and what it means for us
Handbook of renewable energies in the European Union II : case studies of all accession states
Camps and the industrial assimilation of the North : the example of the Komi republic
Tomorrow's energy : hydrogen, fuel cells and the prospects for a cleaner planet
Snowstruck : in the grip of avalanches
Renewable energy : power for a sustainable future
International relations
Green chemistry and engineering : a pathway to sustainability
Integration of green and renewable energy in electric power systems
Curvology : the origins and power of female body shape
Principles of business economics
The potential for sustainable development in Finland : Imatran voima oy's 60th anniversary publication : executive summary
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Renewables in Russia : from opportunity to reality
Finland 1990-2005 : a time of challenge and preparation
Renewable energy : market & policy trends in IEA countries
Key issues in developing renewables
Nature's great events : luonnon ihmeet
Renewable energy : the facts
Renewable energy : technology, economics and environment
Bending adversity : Japan and the art of survival
Energy law 8́6 = Proceedings of the international Bar Association seminar Munich 1986.
Renewable energy : its physics, engineering, use, environmental impacts, economy and planning aspects
Executive summary (s. 9-15).
Executive summary (s. 13-20).
