http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2670 family policy
family policy
Family relations : journal of applied family and child studies
Mandela's children : growing up in post-apartheid South Africa
Family policy motives behind proposals in the Finnish parliament
Transnational adoption in China and flexible citizenship : China's one-child policy, transnational adoption and the rise of flexible kinship systems
Making babies, making families : what matters most in an age of reproductive technologies, surrogacy, adoption, and same-sex and unwed parents
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
Work incentives in single parent families
The policing of families
Constituting families: a study in governance : United Kingdom Association for Legal and Social philosophy, 19. annual conference at Cardiff, April, 1993
Changing family policies in the member states of the European Union
Marriage at the crossroads : law, policy, and the brave new world of twenty-first-century families
Child well-being : understanding children's lives
Strengthening the family : guidelines for the design of relevant programmes
Who pays for the kids? : gender and the structure of constraint
The media, social science, and social policy for children
Lone (m)others : deconstructions of lone parenthood discourse in the Finnish parliament
Determinants of institutional care at older ages in Finland
Hitting home : feminist ethics, women's work, and the betrayal of "family values"
Abstract (1 s.).
Family, kinship and state in contemporary Europe. Vol. 1, The century of welfare : eight countries
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
Following France's defeat in the Franco-Prussian War in 1870-71, French patriots feared that their country was in danger of becoming a second-rate power in Europe. Decreasing birth rates had largely slowed French population growth, and the country's population was not keeping pace with that of its European neighbors. To regain its standing in the European world, France set its sights on building a vast colonial empire while simultaneously developing a policy of pronatalism to reverse these demographic trends. Though representing distinct political movements, colonial supporters and pronatalist organizations were born of the same crisis and reflected similar anxieties concerning France's trajectory and position in the world. Regeneration through Empire explores the intersection between colonial lobbyists and pronatalists in France's Third Republic. Margaret Cook Andersen argues that as the pronatalist movement became more organized at the end of the nineteenth century, pronatalists increasingly understood their demographic crisis in terms that transcended the boundaries of the metropole and began to position the French empire, specifically its colonial holdings in North Africa and Madagascar, as a key component in the nation's regeneration. Drawing on an array of primary sources from French archives, Regeneration through Empire is the first book to analyze the relationship between depopulation and imperialism.
Poverty and the lone-parent : the challange to social policy
Running around in circles : coordinating childcare, education and work
Chinese visions of family and state, 1915-1953
Reconciling work and family in the nordic countries : tracing the values of national action plans for employment of Finland, Sweden and Denmark and Government Programs and King's Speeches of Norway
International Year of the Family 1994 : "building the smallest democracy at the heart of society"
Buy me the sky : the remarkable truth of China's one-child generations
Women's two roles : a contemporary dilemma
Investing in children : policy, law and practice in context
The 'family-in-focus' approach : developing policy-oriented monitoring and analysis of human development in Indonesia
Citizens, families, and reform
Families in society : the journal of contemporary human services
Changing family policy in Sweden and Finland during the 1990s
National family policies in EC-countries in 1991. Vol. 1
This article is about the experience of population-related policies in Estonia. During the recent decade much has been published on this theme, usually with an analysis of currently enforced regulations. Repeated amendments of legal norms and procedures, which are inevitable in a period of fundamental reforms, however, tend to limit their value quite rapidly. Against such a background, this paper applies a longer perspective with an attempt to cover the main stages and turning points in the development of population-related policies in the country since the establishment of statehood in 1918. In the interwar period, the efforts to build up a modern nation included setting up relevant institutions and regulations in the ? eld of population-related policies. These undertakings have been seldom discussed in the recent publications. Somewhat similarly, the postwar decades are frequently regarded as fairly distant and of little relevance to present challenges. To understand the developments, however, the longer view should not be neglected. Todays concerns are rooted in the arrangements and disarrangements of the past, and no less importantly, such continuity is strengthened by the nature of population development and the ? ow of cohorts which absorb the in? uences of the societal environment and carry them along through their lifetime. The article is structured in four sections focusing on the development of marriage and the family, children and fertility, the pension system and social welfare, and the health care system. In each section, the aim is to outline successive policy regimes and their main characteristics in terms of objectives and methods of regulations. Understandably, limited space does not allow coverage of minor changes and technicalities, so for more speci? c information the article provides further reference to various source materials.  .
Conceiving the old regime : pronatalism and the politics of reproduction in early modern France
Childhood : changing contexts
European observatory on national family policies. [2], Developments in national family policies in 1995
Changing families, changing welfare : family centres and the welfare state
Structural, historical, and comparative perspectives
Comparing social welfare systems in Europe
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
Sex and politics : the family and morality in the Thatcher years
How does knowledge matter? : the formation, content and change of international population policy
Sharing the costs of children : studies on the development of family support in the OECD countries
Family life and family policies in Europe. Vol. 1, Structures and trends in the 1980s
Critical examination of global liberal governance and new forms of political violence
Research in the sociology of work. Vol. 7, Work and family
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
Connecting families : the impact of new communication technologies on domestic life
Social tourism in Europe : theory and practice
Brings together contributions representing structural, historical, and comparative perspectives on the study of children and youth. In this book, childhood is conceived as a structural feature of society, subject to the stable and changing forces of the larger social context, and comparable across time and cultures.
The family : models for providing comprehensive services for family and child welfare
Changing family institution challenges family policy making in Estonia
20 years of making babies that were never born : Japanese family friendly policies for the diminishing social ideal
The family on the threshold of the 21st century : trends and implications
Ending welfare as we know it
Family law and family policy in the new Europe
Shaping tomorrow's family : theory and policy for the 21st century
People, population change and policies : lessons from the population policy acceptance study. Vol. 2, Demographic knowledge - gender - ageing
The family in Christian social and political thought
Family, gender, and population in the Middle East : policies in context
A new regime of governing childhood? : Finland as an example
The war over the family : capturing the middle ground
This collection brings together authors researching family responsibilities to examine understandings of the day to day responsibilities which people undertake within families and the role of the law in the construction of those understandings. The authors explore a range of questions fundamental to our understanding of 'responsibility' in family life: To whom, and to what ends, are family members responsible? Is responsibility primarily a matter of care? Can we fulfil our family responsibilities by paying those to whom we owe responsibility? Or by paying others to fulfill our caring obligations for us? In each of these circumstances the chapters in this collection explore what it means to have family responsibilities, what constitutes an adequate performance of such responsibilities and the point at which the state intervenes. At the heart of this collection is an interest in the way in which the changing family affects people's perception and exercise their family responsibilities, and how the law attempts to regulate (and understand) those responsibilities. The essays range across intact and separated or fragmented families, from lone and shared parenting in single homes to caring across households (and even across international boundaries) to reflect on the actual caring responsibilities of family members and on the fulfilment of financial responsibilities in families. This collection seeks to advance our understanding of the attempts of the law, and its limits, in regulating the responsibilities which family members take for each other.
Babies and bosses : reconciling work and family life. Vol. 2, Austria, Ireland and Japan
Success at work and in family life : studies in selected Western fertility and family dynamics
Mothers at work : public policies in the United States, Sweden, and China
Woman's worth : sexual economics and the world of women
Developments in national family policies in 1996
Regulating family responsibilities
The Conservative Party and social policy
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland
International journal of child and family welfare : an official publication of the European Scientific Association for Residential and Foster Care for Children and Adolescents
Gender and well-being : the role of institutions
The double life of the family
Women, families and feminist politics : a global exploration
Finnish yearbook of population research. 42, 2006
Family policy matters : how policymaking affects families and what professionals can do
Reconciliation of work and private life : 'Daily Routine Arrangements, from local practice to national policy' : policy and good practices in Finland, France, Italy, the Netherlands
The development of children and family policy in Estonia from 1945 to 2000.
Babies and bosses : reconciling work and family life. Vol. 3, New Zealand, Portugal and Switzerland
Children, youth, and families : the actionresearch relationship
Regeneration through empire : French pronatalists and colonial settlement in the Third Republic
Teenage pregnancy and parenthood : global perspectives, issues and interventions
Fertility rate decline in Japan from the perspective of gender inequality and social problems of modern Japanese family
Linking and matching : a survey of adoption agency practice in England and Wales
Working mothers and the welfare state : religion and the politics of work-family policies in Western Europe and the United States
Family law : processes, practises, pressures : proceedings of the Tenth World Conference of the International Society of Family Law, July 2000, Brisbane, Australia
Families and the future
Finnish yearbook of population research. 46, 2011
Contemporary child care policy and practice
It is often an underlying assumption that the new role of women and in general the trend toward a more egalitarian view of the concept of partnership is a main factor behind the low fertility rates in rich countries. The aim of this paper is to test the consequences of gender (in)equity on the desire of women and men to have (further) children by using gender inequity as an important category within population science. In our assumptions we want to test whether an unequal distribution of household chores and childcare duties has a negative effect on the desire to have children. Another assumption examines the potential correlation that the perception of (in)equality of women and men in society or the acceptance of government measures to ensure equal rights might have with the desire to have children. The data are derived from the recent Austrian survey Population Policy Acceptance Survey. The assumptions are tested by means of logistic regression analysis. The results show that it is new men who are likely to express a wish for children, rather than those who live in traditional partnership models. .
This unique volume is an outstanding tribute to Al Kahn one of the most influential researchers on children welfare in the 20th century and an impressive collection of 23 chapters written by leading researchers in the field. The book provides an exceptional opportunity to experience the history of the last 50 years of child welfare as well as its current status and future. The book chapters take us through the movement, from a deficit-oriented policy to a developmental model, from a targeted and selective strategy to a universal approach, from child welfare to child well being. Chapters contributed by world renowned experts from 6 countries and 4 continents, are organized in 5 clusters. The first one, which includes Al Kahn last written contribution to the field, looks at how children and families have changed over time as did the research on their well being. The next cluster of chapters focuses specifically on the traditional child welfare system. Following are several chapters on different theoretical perspectives in children welfare and well being. The fourth cluster of chapters focus on economic support for child and family well-being. Finally, the last cluster of chapters advance the agenda moving toward discussion of child well being. This book is a must for anyone interested in children welfare and well being in research, practice, advocacy and policy making arenas.
Families and the state : changing relationships
Transformations of the welfare state : small countries, big lessons
Challenges for future family policies in the Nordic countries
Yes, No, Maybe: Fertility Intentions and Reasons Behind Them Among Childless Finnish Men and Women
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
Journal of family welfare
The autonomous state of childcare : policy and the policy process in Britain
Marriage and the family in the year 2020
Babies and bosses : reconciling work and family life. Vol. 1, Australia, Denmark and the Netherlands
Give and take in families : studies in resource distribution
Family policy and welfare state in sothern Europe
From child welfare to child well-being : an international perspective on knowledge in the service of policy making
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Family ideology and social policy : policies towards lone parents in Norway and the UK
Summary.
The care of children : a cross-national comparison of parents' expectations and experiences
Government responsiveness to family policy in Finland, Germany and Italy : a comparative perspective
The first three years & beyond : brain development and social policy
In this paper we examine reproductive intentions among childless Finnish men and women aged 18 to 34 years. In Finland, as in other European countries, young adults are postponing parenthood to an ever-later age. Our intention is to investigate expressions of reproductive intentions, and particularly, to focus on the division of intentions between more positive and more hesitant expressions. We examine how education, factors related to economic security and values relate to childbearing hesitation among young adults. We also use information on the reasons that the young themselves have provided to examine differences in fertility intentions. Our study uses a sample of 724 men and women drawn from the PPA2 survey, which focused on Finns attitudes in 2002 toward family and children, family policy measures, values in life, and fertility intentions. We ? nd that education is related to postponement, and that unemployment increases hesitation. Partnership and the state of the relationship are clearly important preconditions for positive childbearing intentions among both men and women. Postponers are more likely to stress reasons that are related to present life situation and are more open to change, while persons who hesitate regarding future childbearing stress longer-standing reasons behind their intentions. .
"The best of both worlds" : bilingual family life according to Finnish and English-speaking parents in Finland and the United Kingdom
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 41, 2005
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 37, 2001
National family policies in EC-countries in 1991. Vol. 2
Fathers, families, and the state in France, 1914-1945
Welfare and families in Europe
The Family in Flux in Southeast Asia fills a gap in studies of the modern family. With much talk about the "family in crisis" in the industrialized world, new trends are affecting basic family structures in Southeast Asia as well: decreases in fertility rates, aging populations, a rise in divorce rates, increase in female‐headed households, smaller families with a heavier burden on caregivers, and increasing mobility due to labor migration. While there has been abundant research on the historical evolution of the “family” in the West and much theorizing about the "family" in the industrialized world, accounts of the family in Southeast Asia are uneven, and understanding is still inadequate.This volume, with contributions from leading scholars from Southeast Asia and Japan, covers a wide range of topics, such as legal institutionalization, polygamy, national identity, nationalism and ideology, gender roles, migration, and trans‐national marriage. The disciplinary backgrounds of the authors range across history, political science, economics, sociology, literary studies, and anthropology. The authors present cases of complementary, alternative, or parallel developments from Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam. They provide a critical look at how notions of the family are negotiated amidst worries over the family's disintegration in the face of globalizing trends and increasing mobility, and how it is affected by increasing flows in the globalizing world. -- Publisher's description.
Children of the 21st century : from birth to nine months
Family, kinship and state in contemporary Europe. Vol. 2, The view from below : nineteen localities
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
Phyllis Moen describes the meshing of work and family roles not only as the private dilemma of individual women and their families but also as a public dilemma for the nation. This is an issue linked to deep apprehensions about families' and children's well-being, to demands for gender equality, to the outcry of some for a return to the traditional wife-as-homemaker role, and to growing concerns about labor market needs, productivity, and economic competitiveness. Moen addresses the following central question: What are the major implications--for society, families, husbands, children, and women themselves--of the substantial and progressive movement of American women into the labor force? The dominant focus is on employed mothers of young children (those under the age of six) since it is these women who have experienced the greatest change and who encounter the greatest difficulty in reconciling employment demands and family responsibilities. An overriding theme is the unevenness of social change: American mothers of young children may be moving into the labor force in unprecendented numbers, but husbands, employers, and public policies are slow to accommodate this emerging reality. The issues raised are of concern to a broad spectrum of the educated public, but the book should be no less valuable to social scientists seeking to extend their knowledge of issues in this area of growing concern and can be used in courses relating to the sociology of the family, social problems, gender roles, and social policy.
Labour law, work, and family : critical and comparative perspectives
Family policies and family well-being : the role of political culture
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVI, 2011
Fathers and parental leave : slow steps towards dual earner/dual carer family model in Estonia
Law's families
Family support : linking project evaluation to policy analysis
Nazi family policy, 1933-1945
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Demographic transition in China : fertility trends since the 1950s
Families in society : the journal of contemporary social services
Social work and child welfare politics: through Nordic lenses
Lost to the state : family discontinuity, social orphanhood, and residential care in the Russian Far East
China's one-child family policy
National family policies : their relationship to the role of the family in the development process
Family policy paradoxes : gender equality and labour market regulation in Sweden, 1930-2010
Family forms and gender policy in revolutionary Mozambique (1975-1985)
Population-related Policies in Estonia in the 20th Century: Stages and Turning Points
European observatory on national family policies. [1], A synthesis of national family policies
Legislation directly and indirectly influencing fertility in Finland
Taking parenting public : the case for a new social movement
Finland's family policy
The family in flux in Southeast Asia : institution, ideology, practice
Research synergies in social professions / edited by Maria Michailidis, Silvia Fargion and Robert Sanders
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
Finnish family policy
The forgotten dimension : a case study of chinese female rural-urban migrants and the social security system in the context of modernization
Child well-being, which covers everything from family relationships to their material well-being, is now increasingly being talked about in policy and practice nationally and internationally. However, a lack of clarity remains about what the idea really means and how it can help children. This book brings together contributions from international experts in order to define child well-being and to further understand how it can improve children's lives. Issues covered include how the idea is being used in government policy and practice in the UK and USA, how children can contribute to the understanding of child well-being, recent advances in the exploration of indicators and measures of well-being, and the importance of context in making comparisons. There is a concluding chapter that explores whether child well-being is a useful concept in understanding children's lives, whether it positively contributes to policy and practice, and the value of international comparisons. This edited collection is essential reading for all those involved in understanding children's lives and who have responsibility for improving them, including practitioners, policymakers, students and academics.
People, population change and policies : lessons form the population policy acceptance study. Vol. 1, Family change
Families in society
Barren states : the population "implosion" in Europe
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Family questions : reflections on the American social crisis
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
Handbook of aging and the family
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
The family: its structure and functions
From family wage to marriage subsidy and child benefits : controversy and consensus in the development of family support
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
The family : a liberal defence
The dark road : a novel
Working parents and the welfare state : family change and policy reform in Scandinavia
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
Lone parents, employment and social policy : cross-national comparisons
The new citizenship of the family : comparative perspectives
Should we worry about family change?
Evaluating family support : thinking internationally, thinking critically
Population, family, and welfare : a comparative survey of European attitudes. Vol. 1
The Swedish experiment in family politics : the Myrdals and the interwar population crisis
Gender Trouble and Its Impact on Fertility Intentions
The family : organisation and protection within the European Social Charter
Working families and growing kids : caring for children and adolescents
Family, state and social policy
Family support : direction from diversity
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
Results of the Eighth United Nations Inquiry among Governments on Population and Development
Message from an unknown Chinese mother : stories of loss and love
Sosiaalisten tulonsiirtojen kohtaanto : perhepoliittisten tulonsiirtojen kohtaanto = The incidence of social transfers : the incidence of family policy transfers
Parents between work and care : effects of the new cash benefit scheme
Families with children and the welfare state : development of family policy in Finland
Family policy : Government and families in fourteen countries
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
The French obsession with population has roots in the old regime, when the French state used its power to convince French men and women to marry and procreate large families. Drawing on archival research, Tuttle explores the interactions of men, women, and officials all vying for control of the reproductive process.
Family, kinship and state in contemporary Europe. Vol. 3, Perspectives on theory and policy
Sickness and maternity schemes and family policy in Finland
More children of better quality? : aspects on Swedish population policy in the 1930's
The Anti-social family
Family planning success stories : (Asia, Latin America, Africa)
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
Family policy in EEC-countries
A synthesis of a national family policies in 1996
Finnish yearbook of population research. 43, 2007-2008
The state and the family : a comparative analysis of family policies in industrialized countries
