http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26739 Three-dimensional imaging
Three-dimensional imaging
3D structure of the crust and upper mantle beneath Northern Fennoscandian Shield
3D laser scanning technology in buildings archaeology : the case of Måketorpsboden in Kulturen
3D characterization of brittle fracture zones in Kevitsa open pit excavation, northern Finland
Global 3D map merging methods for robot navigation
The foundry Modo® notes : essential Modo® 3D graphics techniques for advances beginners : modeling, image maps, lighting, rigging
Digital handmade : craftmanship and the new industrial revolution
Towards natural insect vision research
The crustal and upper mantle structures of the Shield on the regional scale were investigated using the data of the POLENET/LAPNET passive seismic array and the previously published models of active and passive seismic experiments in the study area. This area is centred in northern Finland and it extends to surrounding areas in Sweden, Norway and northwestern Russia. The bedrock there is mostly of the Archaean origin and the lithosphere of the region was reworked by two orogenies during Palaeoproterozoic.One of the results of the thesis was a new map of the Moho depth of the study area, for which new estimates of the crustal thickness were obtained using receiver function method and complemented by published results of receiver function studies and controlled source seismic profiles. The map differs from the previously published maps in two locations, where we found significant deepening of the Moho. The 3D structure of the upper mantle was studied using teleseismic traveltime tomography method. The resulting model shows high seismic velocities below three cratonic units of the study area, which may correspond to non-reworked fragments of cratonic lithosphere and a low velocity anomaly separating these cratonic units from each other.The regional scale studies were complemented by two smaller scale studies in upper crust level using combined interpretation of seismic profiling and gravity data. These studies were centred on Archaean Kuhmo Greenstone Belt in eastern Finland and central Lapland in northern Finland located in the crust reworked during Palaeoproterozoic. Both areas are considered as prospective ones for mineral exploration. Both studies demonstrate the advantage of gravity data inversion in studying 3D density structure of geologically interesting formations, when the Bouguer anomaly data is combined with a priori information from petrophysical and seismi c datasets.
Tangible modeling with open source GIS
Research of Modular Assembly Methods in NX 8.0
From images to point clouds : practical considerations for three-dimensional computer vision
Adobe after effects CS6 digital classroom
3D game design with unreal engine 4 and blender : combine the powerful UE4 with Blender to create visually appealing and comprehensive game environments
Introducing Autodesk Maya 2014
3D recording and modelling in archaeology and cultural heritage : theory and best practices
Mastering 3D printing
Animated low poly characters
Modeling a character in 3ds Max
Energy analysis of 3D model of building in ArchiCAD environment
Face it : a visual reference for multi-ethnic facial modeling
Advances in apparel production
A pipeline of 3D scene reconstruction from point clouds
Unity shaders and effects cookbook : discover how to make your Unity projects look stunning with Shaders and screen effects
How to cheat in Maya 2013 : tools and techniques for character animation
3-Dimensional realisation of segmented MR images using a Personal Computer
3D modelling of the dyke network in the southern part of Särkijärvi open pit (Siilinjärvi carbonatite)
3d video and its applications
Low-cost mobile laser scanning and its feasibility for environmental mapping
3D Visualization : 3D Model Visualization inSamsung 3D TV Using 3D Glasses
Modelling of calciner in post-combustion carbon capture process
Real-time image-based RGB-D camera motion tracking and environment mapping
Indoor localization solutions for a marine industry augmented reality tool
The objective of this Master’s thesis was to create and test a pilot game to be used by cello teachers. The perspective was to offer a new tool for teachers, not for a student’s individual practicing. The target was a game that would be easily accessible, interesting and easy to use. The game would be used momentarily during lessons, not as a framework of the lesson. Offering one tool more into teacher’s pedagogic tool box was the lead idea. Blender, a free and open source 3D creation suite, was used for 3D modeling, Adobe Photoshop for texturing and image edition and Python for necessary coding. Before starting 3D modeling, all of the graphical elements were sketched on paper. Then followed 3D modeling and programming functions with Python. The game was tested as a local installation on a laptop. The created technical cello exercises are not included into this thesis. The game proofed its benefits and usability in the cello periods. It was easy and fast to use in situations where it was needed to get the student’s runaway concentration back to learning. Multiple improvement points were found as well and it is necessary to have flexible maintenance tools in the future. The game should also be transferred from the local installation into the web to simplify its usage.
3D recording, documentation and mangement of cultural heritage
Beginning design for 3D printing
Alice 3 in action : computing through animation
Computer graphics with Open GL
OpenSCAD for 3D Printing
PBR workflows in Cycles Render Engine : PBR workflows for realistic rendering in Cycles Render Engine
Single photon detection based devices and techniques for pulsed time-of-flight applications
Oculus Rift in action
Spatial context : an introduction to fundamental computer algorithms for spatial analysis
Fabricated : the new world of 3D printing
Visual pre-production process in Martha's Room and The Rule projects
Arduino and Kinect projects : Design, build, blow their minds
The purpose of this thesis was to develop and intensify the design procedures in Paroc Oy Ab. The goal was to study different methods and harmonize ways of conducting design work. There was a great need for this because in addition to Paroc's own designers, the services of consulting designers from outside of the company were also used. Between companies there are major differences in using certain procedures and when designers are used from outside of the company the design work has to be harmonized so that manufacturing and maintenance would be more efficient. The emphasis in this thesis is on SolidWorks design and helpful tools such as the PDM that are used in the SolidWorks environment. The goal was to create standardized solutions for platforms, stairs, guard-rails, duct accessories and safety nets. The interpretation of technical standards has a great role in creating standardized parts. The possibilities of more efficient component use and the file archive system were studied to make the procedures as efficient as possible for the design work. Fast development of technical solutions and software to be considered when analyzing the results of this thesis as the conclusions may not be valid in the future.
On modelling surface waves and vertical mixing in the Baltic Sea
In this thesis, a new type of laser diode transmitter using enhanced gain-switching suitable for use with a single photon avalanche diode (SPAD) detector was developed and tested in the pulsed time-of-flight laser range finding (lidar) application.Several laser diode versions were tested and the driving electronics were developed. The driving electronics improvements enabled a pulsing frequency of up to 1 MHz, while the maximum laser output power was about 5-40 W depending on the laser diode dimensions. The large output power is advantageous especially in conditions of strong photon noise emerging from ambient light outdoors. The length of the laser pulse matches the jitter of a typical SPAD detector providing several advantages. The new laser pulser structure enables a compact rangefinder for 50 m distance measurement outdoors in sunny conditions with sub-centimeter precision (σ-value) at a valid distance measurement rate of more than 10 kHz, for example.Single photon range finding techniques were also shown to enable a char bed level measurement of a recovery boiler containing highly attenuating and dispersing flue gas. In addition, gated single photon detector techniques were shown to provide a rejection of fluorescent photons in a Raman spectroscope leading to a greatly improved signal-to-noise ratio. Photonic effects were also studied in the case of a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder utilizing a linear photodetector. It was shown that signal photon noise has an effect on the optimum detector configuration, and that pulse detection jitter can be minimized with an appropriate timing discriminator.
A game for teaching cello playing
Unity 5.X shaders and effects cookbook : master the art of Shader programming to bring life to your Unity projects
Cooperation between Unity and PLC : Comparison of different PLCs and OPC-servers
Digital imaging for cultural heritage preservation : analysis, restoration, and reconstruction of ancient artworks
An introduction to CATIA V6 : release 2012 : (a hands-on tutorial approach)
Vectorworks for theatre
"Preface Paintings, frescos, antique photographic prints, incunabulas, old books, handwritten documents, sculptures, ceramic fragments and other ancient manufacts constitute the elements of an extremely valuable and immense historical patrimony. Their digitalization opens up the possibility to use various image processing and analysis and Computer Graphics techniques to preserve this Cultural Heritage for future generations. Digital imaging solutions can be used to generate virtually restored versions of the original artworks to be presented in online museums and/or for further development of historical studies. Application of various feature extraction and image data analysis techniques is useful to address problems of authorship and artwork style categorization in the history of arts. Three-dimensional reconstruction of ancient artworks or entire archeological sites allows the creation of multidimensional models that incorporate information coming from excavations, archaeological knowhow and heterogeneous historical sources. Pioneer work in this area has sprung from the close, but too often occasional, cooperation of scientists with historians and archaeologists"--Provided by publisher.
Surface Detail Mapping in 3D Modelling
Digital media : the future
Level of detail for 3D graphics
Creating a 3D Model of a Building
"This edition presents the most prominent topics and applications of digital image processing, analysis, and computer graphics in the field of cultural heritage preservation. The text assumes prior knowledge of digital image processing and computer graphics fundamentals. Each chapter contains a table of contents, illustrations, and figures that elucidate the presented concepts in detail, as well as a chapter summary and a bibliography for further reading. Well-known experts cover a wide range of topics and related applications, including spectral imaging, automated restoration, computational reconstruction, digital reproduction, and 3D models"--Provided by publisher.
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
Characterization of three-dimensional microstructure of composite materials by X-ray tomography
CATIA V5R21 for designers
Fire simulation for a 3D character with particles and motion capture data in Blender
Analysis of microtomographic images of porous heterogeneous materials
Entry Level 3D Printers : Usage and Benchmarking
Summary.
Provides an introduction to Arduino, Kinect and Processing and includes step-by-step instructions for ten projects.
WebGL : up and running
Conversion Of An Ordinary Car To Fuel-cell Vehicle
Introducing Autodesk Maya 2015
Facial animation of game characters
Perceptually optimized visualization on autostereoscopic 3D displays
Augmented virtuality : transforming real human activity into virtual environments
While the industrial revolution of the nineteenth century diminished the role of the craftsperson in the manufacturing process, the digital revolution has had a less devastating effect. Today's digital technologies have given rise to entirely new working methods, skill sets, and consumer products that don't eliminate, but enrich traditional hand techniques. Digital Handmade presents eighty international designers, artists, and craftsmen who combine the precision and flexibility of computing and digital fabrication with the skill and tactility of the master artisan to create unexpected and desirable objects and products. These pioneers include Louise Lemieux Bérubé, a Canadian artist whose work integrates photography and weaving; Australian jewelry designer Cinnamon Lee, whose designs explore the relationship between hand and machine; and Japanese artists Nendo, who produce ceramic pieces that employ both digital fabrication and ancient traditional methods.
Integration of gyro navigation and augmented reality in visual tracking of a mining loader
Training SolidWorks 2014
Developing mining camp exploration concepts and technologies : Brownfield exploration project 2013-2016
3D world : the international magazine for 3D artists
BIM (Building Information Model) is an emerging notion appeared in recent years. Since then a large amount of BIM programs has been released. EcoDesigner is one of such programs, which is dealing with 3D-models. The research in question focuses on the study and analysis of this program. The paper presents a 3D-model of a building and its examination. The main principles of the calculation have been determined. The thesis shows and describes the calculations of the energy consumption of the building. The manual calculation of the heating losses is presented and described. All in all, the objectivity of the data is established and confirmed. Software of this type is crucial and useful nowadays and has a significant potential in the future. The software of BIM will be further developed in diverse directions. Its improvement will simplify the work process of engineers.
