http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2672 social policy
social policy
Living the urban challenge : sustainable development and social sustainability in two southern megacities
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
The political and social economy of care in the Republic of Korea
What is Europe's future
Social policy and social dimensions on vulnerability and resilience in Europe
Household politics : Montreal families and postwar reconstruction
Social work and child welfare politics: through Nordic lenses
New strategies for social development : Role of social welfare : The Finnish report to the 15th international conference on social welfare, Manila, Philippines, September 6.-12.1970
Background papers
Risk and welfare : examining stability and change in "welfare" policies
13th Regional Symposium on Social Welfare, 9-14 June 1985, Turku, Finland : authors' forum, 13 June 1985 : proceedings
Housing and social policy
European journal of social education : a periodical of FESET = Journal européen d'education sociale : revue de FESET
Social policy and society
The policies of inclusion : perspectives to disability policy in connection with changing welfare policy
Experiencing poverty
The logic of collective action : public goods and the theory of groups
Gunnar Myrdal's An American Dilemma: The Negro Problem and Modern Democracy persuaded many scholars that the United States failed to develop a robust welfare state because of its ethnic and racial heterogeneity, and, conversely, that homogeneity was a precondition for the creation of strong welfare states in European, especially Nordic, countries. With increasing diversity now challenging these welfare states, the kind of 'dilemma' that Myrdal identified no longer appears to be solely an American one. In this interdisciplinary volume, leading and emerging scholars examine the relationship between homogeneity and welfare state development. They trace Myrdal's influence on thinking about race in the US and explore current European states' approaches to the strangers in their midst, and what social citizenship looks like from a global perspective.Students and scholars of contemporary welfare states in the social sciences and policy studies will find this to be an insightful read, as the book challenges current perceptions. It will also be of interest to policy makers and practitioners looking to examine the historical context behind the politics of welfare states in the US and Scandinavia.
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
Social policy in developing countries
Migration and social development : organizational and political dimensions
The great experiment : labour parties and public policy transformation in Australia and New Zealand
Social problems in nation and world
The times they are changing? : crisis and the welfare state
From intervention to social change : a guide to reshaping everyday practices
Towards a welfare society?
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professional international development
Anthropological interest in new subjects of research and contemporary knowledge practices has turned ethnographic attention to a wide ranging variety of professional fields. Among these the encounter with international development has perhaps been longer and more intimate than any of the others. Anthropologists have drawn critical attention to the interfaces and social effects of development's discursive regimes but, oddly enough, have paid scant attention to knowledge producers themselves, despite anthropologists being among them, which is the focus of this volume. It concerns the construction and transmission of knowledge about global poverty and its reduction but is equally interested in the social life of development professionals, in the capacity of ideas to mediate relationships, in networks of experts and communities of aid workers, and in the dilemmas of maintaining professional identities. Going well beyond obsolete debates about 'pure' and 'applied' anthropology, the book examines the transformations that occur as social scientific concepts and practices cross and re-cross the boundary between anthropological and policy making knowledge.
Richer futures : fashioning a new politics
New paradigms in public policy
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
A social inclusion roadmap for Europe 2020
International review of comparative public policy : a research annual. Vol. 2, Discretionary politics : intergovernmental social transfers in eight countries
The welfare state in crisis : an account of the Conference on Social Policies in the 1980s : OECD, Paris, 20-23 October 1980.
The social policy of Nazi Germany
Fertility rate decline in Japan from the perspective of gender inequality and social problems of modern Japanese family
The full catastrophe : travels among the new Greek ruins
Journal of social policy
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
Social policy and society : a journal of the Social Policy Association
Population-related Policies in Estonia in the 20th Century: Stages and Turning Points
Disaster capitalism : making a killing out of catastrophe
A critical woman : Barbara Wootton, social science and public policy in the twentieth century
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
Social work, health, and international development : compassion in social policy and practice
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
Perspectives to the reformulation of social policy : the case of caring
Race, ethnicity and welfare states : an American dilemma?
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition / edited by Matilda Hellman, Gun Roos & Julius von Wright
Violence against women : vulnerable populations
Religion and faith-based welfare : from wellbeing to ways of being
Social policies in Canada : a model for development
'Very stimulating and intellectually exciting. In fact, I think it is one of the best books I have read for a long time' - Professor Carsten Greve, International centre for Business and Politics at the Copenhagen Business School. Publicness appears to be in decline or retreat in the face of markets, consumerism and individualism. Yet questions of public participation, public governance and the reform of public services are at the top of the political agenda in many countries. "Publics, Politics and Power" offers an innovative analysis of the changing fortunes of publicness. The book explores the emergence of new forms, sites and practices of publicness and the implications for public services. It examines the remaking of the public in the context of new formations of the nation, where issues of migration, diversity and faith challenge traditional forms of solidarity and citizenship. It traces the emergence of hybrid organizational forms and new strategies for governing publics and public services. It assesses some of the ways in which the public domain is being recast around notions of civil society, community, and populist participatory politics. Chapters include vignettes illustrating the book's core concepts, making this a useful teaching resource and valuable reading for students of public management, public and social policy, sociology and cultural studies, and for those working in public services. Janet Newman is a Professor of Social Policy at the Open University, and Director of the Publics Research Programme within the Centre for Citizenship, Identities and Governance. John Clarke is a Professor of Social Policy at the Open University. His research has centred on conflicts over the future of welfare states, public services and citizenship in the UK and elsewhere.
Social policy : a feminist analysis
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
European social model in making : European Commission reporting on Romania between 1999-2006
Contemporary social policy
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Displacement of social policies
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
The state and social welfare : the objectives of policy
City survivors : bringing up children in disadvantaged neighbourhoods
Social theory & social policy
Social policy in Europe : its formulation and practical application : 6th European Symposium of the International Council on Social Welfare, Edinburgh, United Kingdom-23 to 31 July, 1971 = La politique sociale en Europe : sa formulation et ses applications : 6ème Colloque européen du Conseil international de l'action sociale, Edimbourg, Royaume Uni-23 au 31 Juillet 1971.
A democratic architecture for the welfare state
Social policy review. 6
Social policy in Britain
Gender and the European labour market
Cross-sectoral collaboration as a solution : the preventative work against social exclusion in the municipal well-being plans for children and youth
Theme : Current developments in pharmaceutical policy and services in Finland
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Japanese welfare society : analysing the Japanese welfare discourses
The Routledge international handbook to welfare state systems
"This book argues that the current state of China requires an important paradigm shift in the way the party-state manages the country's development, and goes on to assess the fitness of the party-state for implementing such a paradigm shift and the likelihood of the party-state bringing this about. It brings together an examination of the very latest situation in a range of key areas where current developments have the potential to undermine substantially the status quo, areas such as the recent economic crisis and the resulting economic slowdown, increasing labour unrest, mounting calls for social justice, worsening urban-rural disparity, the urgent need to implement social welfare programmes, the rise of civil society, and the impact of new media. Overall, the book provides a thorough appraisal of the difficulties which China currently faces."-- Provided by publisher.
Quality of life : concept, policy and practice
Economic and social changes in the Baltic States in 1992-1994
Democracy under attack : how the media distort policy and politics
Five-year integrated socio-economic program for the Philippines
Social welfare workers are frequently motivated by a desire to 'work with people', 'bring about change' or to 'make a difference'. This valuable book explores some of the difficulties and dilemmas faced by those who deliver welfare in a changing policy context. Using case studies and vignettes, this book seeks to develop an analytical skills-based approach to understanding the role and importance of social policy in social welfare practice, and will teach readers to understand, analyse and engage with policy. It will be of great value to students of social work and other welfare professions, and their teachers.
Social development : the developmental perspective in social welfare
Unemployment and employment policy at the local level : a comparative case study
When the first-world-north goes local : education and gender in post-revolution Laos
The Routledge handbook of the welfare state
Understanding the roots of voluntary action : historical perspectives on current social policy
Social policy : contents and formulation with special reference to the Nordic countries
Journal of aging & social policy
Research in social work
Social work abstracts
Social policy : the end of one long argument and the achievement of ambivalence
Poverty as a public issue
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Values in social policy : nine contradictions
Towards a new development paradigm in twenty-first century China : economy, society and politics
Politics and society in the USSR
The myth of scientific public policy
Social policy for social work
Social tourism in Europe : theory and practice
The goals of social policy
Giving kids a fair chance
Double standard : social policy in Europe and the United States
The student's companion to social policy
”Hope is the last thing to die in life” : mapping out the needs and hopes of dump pickers in Maputo as a part of a process of empowerment
Education, disability and social policy
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
The consequences of the crisis of the 1990s to the Nordic welfare state : Finland and Sweden
The 'family-in-focus' approach : developing policy-oriented monitoring and analysis of human development in Indonesia
This article is about the experience of population-related policies in Estonia. During the recent decade much has been published on this theme, usually with an analysis of currently enforced regulations. Repeated amendments of legal norms and procedures, which are inevitable in a period of fundamental reforms, however, tend to limit their value quite rapidly. Against such a background, this paper applies a longer perspective with an attempt to cover the main stages and turning points in the development of population-related policies in the country since the establishment of statehood in 1918. In the interwar period, the efforts to build up a modern nation included setting up relevant institutions and regulations in the ? eld of population-related policies. These undertakings have been seldom discussed in the recent publications. Somewhat similarly, the postwar decades are frequently regarded as fairly distant and of little relevance to present challenges. To understand the developments, however, the longer view should not be neglected. Todays concerns are rooted in the arrangements and disarrangements of the past, and no less importantly, such continuity is strengthened by the nature of population development and the ? ow of cohorts which absorb the in? uences of the societal environment and carry them along through their lifetime. The article is structured in four sections focusing on the development of marriage and the family, children and fertility, the pension system and social welfare, and the health care system. In each section, the aim is to outline successive policy regimes and their main characteristics in terms of objectives and methods of regulations. Understandably, limited space does not allow coverage of minor changes and technicalities, so for more speci? c information the article provides further reference to various source materials.  .
Contributions to the preparatory work for the White Paper on European social policy
European journal of social work : welfare, social services and social action
Finnish economic and social policies : the long 1990s
World programme of action concerning disabled persons
The state of social welfare, 1997 : international studies on social insurance and retirement, employment, family policy and health care
Social policy and welfare state in Sweden
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
Economic policies and social goals : aspects of public choice
Children and social policy
Public health and society
The future development of Finnish social policy
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Social work and social policy : an introduction
Essays and interviews explode the myth of apolitical motherhood by showing how 20th century women have politicized their role as mothers in a wide range of social contexts.
This is a fascinating biography of Barbara Wootton, one of the extraordinary public figures of the 20th century. She was an outstanding social scientist, an architect of the welfare state, an iconoclast who challenged conventional wisdoms and the first woman to sit on the woolsack in the House of Lords. Ann Oakley has written a fascinating and highly readable account of the life and work of this singular woman, but the book goes much further. It is an engaged account of the making of British social policy at a critical period seen through the lens of the life and work of a pivotal figure. Oakley tells a story about the intersections of the public and the private and about the way her subject's life unfolded within, was shaped by, and helped to shape a particular social and intellectual context.
Understanding the environment and social policy
Foundations of social policy : social justice in human perspective
Social policy in a changing Europe
European social policy forum : 27-30 March 1996
Towards a stronger social dimension of the European Union
Active social policies in the EU : inclusion through participation?
Understanding social policy
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
Social policy and the body : transitions in corporeal discourse
The future of social protection in a unifying Europe = Sosiaaliturvan tulevaisuus yhdentyvässä Euroopassa
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Globalisation, global justice and social work
Social policy for social welfare professionals : tools for understanding, analysis and engagement
1992 : the social dimension
Reflecting an emerging consensus that social justice is a primary mission of the social work profession, this innovative text provides a thorough grounding in policy analysis with extensive coverage of policy practice and a unique emphasis on the broad issues and human dilemmas inherent in the pursuit of social justice. Organized in four parts, the book introduces several philosophical perspectives on what constitutes social justice, and identifies the values and assumptions reflected in contemporary policy debates. Part I provides a framework for policy analysis and policy practice, as well as foundation content related to the structure and role of government in the United States. Part II offers a theoretical framework for determining when a personal disadvantage is considered a social problem. It then focuses on social problems that constitute widely shared risks, including poverty, physical illness, mental illness, and disability. Part III introduces theories of discrimination and oppression and explores the challenges faced by vulnerable populations, including people of color, gays and lesbians, children, women, working Americans, and the elderly. Part IV offers a "Glance to The Future," examining emerging policy issues such as inequality, incarceration as a means of social control, globalization, and international governance.
Social policy beyond borders : the social question in transnational perspective
Attitudes, poverty and agency in Russia and Ukraine
Human development in South Asia 2008 : technology and human development in South Asia
Environmental issues are central to the social and political reforms of the 21st century. Bringing together leading experts, this textbook explores the social, political, economic and moral challenges that environmental problems pose for social policy in a global context. Combining theory and practice with an interdisciplinary approach, the book reviews the current strategies and provides a critique of proposed future developments.
The social policy of the European Community
Voluntary agencies in the welfare state
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
Publics, politics and power : remaking the public in public services
Social expenditure 1960-1990 : problems of growth and control
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
Social policy research and analysis : the experience in the federal social agencies
Nordic health care systems : recent reforms and current policy challenges
Social entrepreneurship and social enterprises : Nordic perspectives
Supporting vulnerable adults : citizenship, capacity, choice
Central issues related to social policies : comparative study and guidelines for the formulation of social policies in the ESCWA region
The redistributive aim of social policy : a comparative analysis of taxes, tax expenditure transfers and direct transfers in eight countries
Social policy for the sixties : a plan for Finland
Hannah Arendt : a critical introduction
Social policy & administration
The future for social policy in a global context : why the south now needs to take the lead
Social protection in the member states of the Union : situation on .... and evolution
Critical perspectives on user involvement
The politics of motherhood : activist voices from left to right
Psychology and social policy
Working with adults at risk from harm
The politics of welfare developmentalism in Hong Kong
The oligarchic diffusion of public policy : deploying the Mexican “Magic Bullet” to combat poverty in New York City
The European Communities : the social policy of the first phase. 2, The European Economic Community 1958-72
Fundamentals of social work in selected European countries : historical and political context, present theory, practice, perspectives
Working papers 1979
Guidelines for policies and systems development for lifelong guidance : a reference framework for the EU and for the commission : brief summary
Families in society : the journal of contemporary social services
Social legislation and work in Finland
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
Local welfare policy making in European cities
"This important book brings together valuable resources and insights in a key area of practice which has often been overlooked, and where disadvantage and discrimination are rife, but which also deserves and demands serious attention of the kind offered here". (Roger Smith, Professor of Social Work Research, De Montfort University, UK). This comprehensive book uniquely acknowledges the overlap between different states of adult vulnerability within a range of health, social care and community contexts. The book looks beyond social work practice and legislative focus to examine the categories of 'at risk' and 'vulnerable adults'. These include often forgotten groups such as homeless people, prisoners and migrant workers. Through a range of practical examples, the book illustrates how professionals can usefully and effectively intervene to lessen the chance of a member of an excluded community becoming at greater 'risk' of further vulnerability. The book includes: explanations of core themes and implications for a range of professionals and service providers with a practical and accessible focus; case studies and practice examples from work with vulnerable groups; and, illustrative examples of how different states of vulnerability are frequently contingent upon one another. "Working with Adults at Risk from Harm" is ideal for third-year undergraduate students and Master's students in the fields of social work, social care, community health and education, as well as staff working in public sector who will have contact with vulnerable individuals in their professional life. Contributors: Jill Aitken, David Bailey, Jennifer Burton, Caroline Cole, Jo Edwards, Michael Farquharson, Lalage Harries, Tennyson Mgutshini, Melanie Parris and Kate Potter.
The spirit level : why more equal societes almost always do better
This book focuses on how EU welfare policies are implemented at the local level in 11 European cities and how local policy making addresses womenś care responsibilities. The book studies the complex combination of and the relationships between local political processes, policies, institutions, structural conditions and outputs, as well as outcomes for the womenś labour market integration. It demonstrates how cultural settings and multi-level governance patterns form the "playground" for local policy makers to formulate their welfare policies concerning service provision. The book further demonstrates how local production systems and the situation of the local labour market influence the prospects that women have in working and caring. EU welfare policy promotes the labour market integration of women as well as gender equality. The provision of adequate care services is vital in supporting womenś employment. Within comparative welfare research, the focus has been on the national welfare systems and policies even if care services are overwhelmingly provided by local authorities that in many EU member states enjoy considerable autonomy. This book fills the gap in understanding local welfare policy making from a comparative perspective.
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Soviet social policies : welfare, equality and community
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
The europ[e]anisation of occupational health services : a study of the impact of EU policies
Spaces of social exclusionaisuus
Venezuela then and now: How did the Chavezian era change the Latin-American country’s economy?
Changing family institution challenges family policy making in Estonia
Social Europe : the social dimension of the internal market
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Outcomes into practice : focusing practice and information on the outcomes people value : resource pack for managers and trainers
The consolidist manifesto
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
Social policy trends  : aspects of regional development in Finland
Entä 70-luvun sosiaalipolitiikka? : New strategies for social development-role of social welfare : Suomen raportti XV Kansainväliseen sosiaalipolitiikan konferenssiin Manilassa 6.-12. syyskuuta 1970.
Economics and social policy : an introduction
Social policy : a survey of recent developments
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
Access and belonging in the age of viral epidemic : constructing migrants living with HIV/AIDS in the Finnish welfare state
Achievements of social policy and future threats to social integration in Finland
Journal of European social policy
Cost-benefit analysis of social projects : report of a meeting of experts held in Rennes, France 27 September - 2 October 1965
Social policy : a comparative analysis
Theory and practice of the welfare state in Europe in 20th century
Beyond welfare state models : transnational historical perspectives on social policy
Sociology and the public agenda
Social development : critical themes and perspectives
Analysing social policy
The diverse impacts of the neoliberal social policies on children's welfare and social work with young people : the Finnish perspective
Minifacts about Estonia
The foundations of the welfare state
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
Cuba: a revolution in motion
World hunger : 12 myths
An intellectual history of British social policy : idealism versus non-idealism
Social policy and social problems
This book reviews the policy implications of some of the most challenging developments in British society: climate change, ageing, greater ethnic and religious diversity, the debate about community and local area politics, democratisation, the international financial crisis, and the growth of popular disillusion with politics and politicians.
Social security in South Asia
