http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2671 population policy
population policy
The new worlds of Thomas Robert Malthus : rereading the Principle of population
The Swedish experiment in family politics : the Myrdals and the interwar population crisis
Research in human capital and development. Vol. 7, Health care in the changing economic and social environment
Food, population and employment in China
Keeping up with change - population policy : background memorandum for the Committee's response to the Government report on population policy
Population and development : a critical introduction
Revival of ageing societies : proceedings of the International Population Conference "Revival of Ageing Societies", Espoo, Finland September 2-4, 1992.
The population dilemma
Population bulletin of the United Nations : No. 15-1983
The future of low-birthtrate populations
The politics of the body in Weimar Germany : women's reproductive rights and duties
Born in the '80s : China's first "One-child" generation
People, population change and policies : lessons from the population policy acceptance study. Vol. 2, Demographic knowledge - gender - ageing
Politics and population control : a documentary history
Population policies and movements in Europe
The ageing of Asian populations : proceedings of the United Nations Round Table on the Ageing of Asian Populations, Bangkok, 4-6 May 1992
Cross-border migration and its implications for the Central European area
The crowded greenhouse : population, climate change and creating a sustainable world
Reflections on population
The International Handbook on Ageing and Public Policy explores the challenges arising from the ageing of populations across the globe for government, policy makers, the private sector and civil society. It examines various national state approaches to welfare provisions for older people, and highlights alternatives based around the voluntary and third-party sector, families and private initiatives. The Handbook is highly relevant for academics interested in this critical issue, and offers important messages for policy makers and practitioners.
Population target : The political economy of population control in Latin America
Poverty and population control
More children of better quality? : aspects on Swedish population policy in the 1930's
Fertility transition in South Asia
Population-related Policies in Estonia in the 20th Century: Stages and Turning Points
Socialist population politics : the political implications of demographic trends in the USSR and Europe
Regulating reproduction in India's population : efforts, results, and recommendations
Better ten graves than one extra birth : China's systematic use of coercion to meet population quotas
Global population policy database. 1997
Population projections : methodology of the United Nations : papers of the United Nations Ad Hoc Expert Group on Demographic Projections, United Nations Headquarters, 16-19 November 1981
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
Review and appraisal of the world population plan of action : 1994 report
China's changing population
Just one child : science and policy in Deng's China
Report by the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund
World population monitoring 1999 : population growth, structure and distribution
Between life and death : governing populations in the era of human rights
Population change in Europe, the Middle-East and North Africa : beyond the demographic divide
World population : basic documents. Vol. 1, What is the problem
Human rights aspects of population programmes with special reference to human rights law
Abortion Wishes and Abortion Prevention - Women Seeking Legal Termination of Pregnancy During the 1950s and 1960s in Finland
They are now burning village after village : genocide in the Chittagong Hill Tracts, Bangladesh
Regional dimensions of the ageing situation
Psychosocial and cultural determinants of population policy : proceedings of workshop, seminar 6. 13-16 January 1974, Elkridge, Maryland
Child survival, health and family planning programmes and fertility
Population consensus at Cairo, Mexico City and Bucharest : an analytical comparison
People who count : population and politics, women and children
Reports on national experience in the formulation and implementation of population policy 1960-1975 : Panama, Haiti, Equatorial Guinea, Afghanistan
How deep is deep ecology? : with an essay-review on woman's freedom
Coordination in multiactor programs : an empirical investigation of factors affecting coordination among organizations at the local level in the Egyptian family planning program
Health, population and development in Asia and the Pacific
Population change and economic development
The politics of population : the International Conference on Population and Development, Cairo 1994
China's longest campaign : birth planning in the People's Republic, 1949-2005
Introduction to macrosociology
China's population and development
National population policies
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Islam and the securitisation of population policies : Muslim states and sustainability
Results of the Eighth United Nations Inquiry among Governments on Population and Development
Migration and organized civil society : rethinking national policy
Governing China's population : from Leninist to neoliberal biopolitics
Conceiving the new world order : the global politics of reproduction
World population trends and policies : 1981 monitoring report. Vol. 2, Population policies
Population : demography and policy
Population policies and development : a World Bank staff report
Reproductive rights and wrongs : the global politics of population control
Population policy in Western Europe : responses to low fertility in France, Sweden, and West Germany
The population problem
The great debate on population policy : an instructive entertainment
Bitter pills : population policies and their implementation in eight developing countries
Finland is greying - will this diminish the effectiveness of monetary policy?
Population matters : people, resources, environment and immigration
The other half of my body
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Population, economic development, and the environment
Global population policy database. 1995
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Conclusions : Regional Population Meeting, 7-9 December 1998, Budapest, Hungary
People, population change and policies : lessons form the population policy acceptance study. Vol. 1, Family change
China : the many facets of demographic change
World population monitoring 1993 : with a special report on refugees
Migration and settlement. 8, Soviet Union
Norplant in the context of population and drug policies
Population and political theory
Reproductive rights and wrongs : the global politics of population control and contraceptive choice
This article is about the experience of population-related policies in Estonia. During the recent decade much has been published on this theme, usually with an analysis of currently enforced regulations. Repeated amendments of legal norms and procedures, which are inevitable in a period of fundamental reforms, however, tend to limit their value quite rapidly. Against such a background, this paper applies a longer perspective with an attempt to cover the main stages and turning points in the development of population-related policies in the country since the establishment of statehood in 1918. In the interwar period, the efforts to build up a modern nation included setting up relevant institutions and regulations in the ? eld of population-related policies. These undertakings have been seldom discussed in the recent publications. Somewhat similarly, the postwar decades are frequently regarded as fairly distant and of little relevance to present challenges. To understand the developments, however, the longer view should not be neglected. Todays concerns are rooted in the arrangements and disarrangements of the past, and no less importantly, such continuity is strengthened by the nature of population development and the ? ow of cohorts which absorb the in? uences of the societal environment and carry them along through their lifetime. The article is structured in four sections focusing on the development of marriage and the family, children and fertility, the pension system and social welfare, and the health care system. In each section, the aim is to outline successive policy regimes and their main characteristics in terms of objectives and methods of regulations. Understandably, limited space does not allow coverage of minor changes and technicalities, so for more speci? c information the article provides further reference to various source materials.  .
Beyond the numbers : a reader on population, consumption, and the environment
Review and appraisal of the progress made in achieving the goals and objectives of the programme of action of the International Conference on Population and Development : 2004 report
This article examines the link between population ageing and monetary policy transmission in Finland from the perspective of consumption behaviour and the macro economy. We estimate the consumption functions of Finnish households in various age groups, using household-specific data. If consumption in the younger cohorts is more sensitive to changes in income and interest rates than consumption in the older, growth in the population share of the elderly will decrease the economic impact of changes in the key monetary policy interest rate. The effect of ageing on consumption is estimated by taking into consideration the age variation of household margins. Finally, we describe the effect of demographics on monetary policy transmission, using a general equilibrium model of the Finnish economy. The examinations are based on wealth and income distribution data from Statistics Finland..
Environment, energy, and society
Developments in demographic training and research projects : aspects of technical cooperation
Is there a need for a population policy program in Finland?
China's political system : modernization and tradition
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
Sustainable social structures in a society for all ages : prepared in cooperation with HelpAge International
Behind the silence : Chinese voices on abortion
Fertility policies of Asian countries
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Population and economic change in East Asia
The future of population growth : alternative paths to equilibrium
China's population situation and policies
The power of large numbers : population, politics, and gender in nineteenth-century France
National vitality : its wastes and conservation
Borderities and the politics of contemporary mobile borders
The fear of population decline
Titmuss, Mauritius and the social population policy : a methodological study
Migration and settlement. 4, German Democratic Republic
European Population Conference 1987 : issues and prospects : plenaries : Jyväskylä, Finland 11-16 June 1987 = Congrés européen de démographie 1987 : seances plenieres : Jyväskylä, Finlande 11-16 Juin 1987
Between Europe and the Mediterranean : the challenges and the fears
Population in sustainable development : analyses, goals, actions, realities : Global Science Panel on Population & Environment
Old Europe? : demographic change and pension reform
One child : the story of China's most radical experiment
Report of the United Nations World Population Conference, 1974 : Bucharest, 19-30 August, 1974.
Population and development strategies
Population policy : diskette documentation : 1999
Politics of ethnic cleansing : nation-state building and provision of in/security in twentieth-century Balkans
Strength in numbers : population, reproduction, and power in eighteenth-century France
Population, family, and welfare : a comparative survey of European attitudes. Vol. 1
Ending the explosion : population policies and ethics for a humane future
Prologue to development policy & population policy - the Pakistan experience : backround papers, workshop/seminar 13. 4-8 February 1975, Peshawar, Pakistan = Prologue à une politique de développement et de population : l'expérience du Pakistan = Prólogo de desarrollo y política de población : la experiancia de Paquistan
The population challenge : a handbook for nonspecialists
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
International Conference on Population and Development 1994 : Finland's national report on population
Population growth and demographic structure : proceedings of the United Nations Expert Group Meeting on Population Growth and Demographic Structure, Paris, 16-20 November 1992 : convened as part of the substantive preparations for the International Conference on Population and Development, 1994
Introduction to population : a sociological approach
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
How does knowledge matter? : the formation, content and change of international population policy
Peopling the Russian periphery : borderland colonization in Eurasian history
Finnish yearbook of population research. 47, 2012
World population : basic documents. Vol. 3, The developing world
Barren states : the population "implosion" in Europe
Development of population thought from ancient times to current policy debate
Population and development : old debates, new conclusions
International handbook on ageing and public policy
Thailand's population; facts, trends, problems, and policies
Population perspectives : statements by world leaders
Population and women : proceedings of the United Nations Expert Group Meeting on population and women, Gaborone, Botswana, 22-26 June 1992
New developments in the economics of population ageing
Concern over the future of the nation : a discourse analytical study on changes in Russian demographic policy in the years 2000-2010
Chinaś strategic demographic initiative
Asia : its growth and agony
On population : three essays
Understanding global social policy
Population growth and policies in mega-cities : Seoul
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Family, gender, and population in the Middle East : policies in context
For over three decades, China exercised unprecedented control over the reproductive habits of its billion citizens. Now, with its economy faltering just as it seemed poised to become the largest in the world, the Chinese government has brought an end to its one-child policy. It may once have seemed a shortcut to riches, but it has had a profound effect on society in modern China. Combining personal portraits of families affected by the policy with a nuanced account of China's descent towards economic and societal turmoil, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Mei Fong reveals the true cost of this most controversial of policies. Drawing on eight years spent documenting its repercussions, she reveals a dystopian legacy of second children refused documentation by the state, only children supporting their parents and grandparents, and villages filled with ineligible bachelors.
Population policy and development planning : aspects of technical co-operation
Finnish yearbook of population research
Population control : real costs, illusory benefits
Beyond Europe : rhetoric of reproductive rights in global population policies
Fatal misconception : the struggle to control world population
Population and America's future
Population politics in twentieth-century Europe : fascist dictatorships and liberal democracies
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
Demography and nation : social legislation and population policy in Bulgaria, 1918-1944
The state and the stork : the population debate and policy making in US history
Global population policy : from population control to reproductive rights
Horn of Africa : family, population, and development
Small town China : governance, economy, environment and lifestyle in three zhen
This article studies Finnish abortion-seeking women in the 1950s and 1960s by investigating the life situations of the abortion-seeking women and their possibilities to regulate childbearing under the 1950 Abortion Act. During the 1950s and 1960s, abortion was legal in Finland only on medical, ethical or eugenic grounds. The data consists of patient documents of the Finnish Family Federations (Vestliitto) Tampere social counseling service (sosiaalineuvola) from the years 1955 and 1968 and the documents mainly comprise abortion requests. Results show that in 1955 83 percent and in 1968 68 percent of the abortion-seeking women were married. 90 percent of them had two or more children and the mothers often requested abortion because of poor financial or social circumstances. The family conditions of these women were often described as difficult, as they had the main responsibility for taking care of and providing for their families. The majority of the abortion requests were denied. In 1955, only 16 percent of the abortion-seeking women received an affirmative decision from the Family Federation whereas the share of admitted abortions in 1968 was 42 percent. The documents show a severe collision between the womens wishes for abortion and the societys interest to prevent abortions for pronatalist reasons. The data also indicates that women were not treated equally because their own determined and persistant behaviour as well as the doctoral practices influenced the abortion decisions. .
China's one-child family policy
Population perils and the churches' response
