http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p267 self image
self image
In the late 80s, Katherine Carlyle is created using IVF. Stored as a frozen embryo for eight years, she is then implanted in her mother and given life. By the age of nineteen Katherine has lost her mother to cancer, and feels her father to be an increasingly distant figure. Instead of going to college, she decides to disappear, telling no one where she has gone. What begins as an attempt to punish her father for his absence gradually becomes a testing-ground of his love for her, a coming-to-terms with the death of her mother, and finally the mise-en-scene for a courageous leap from false empowerment to true empowerment. Written in the beautifully spare, lucid and cinematic prose that Thomson is known for, Katherine Carlyle uses the modern techniques of IVF and cryopreservation to throw new light on the myth of origins. It is a profound and moving novel about where we come from, what we make of ourselves, and how we are loved.
Psychological perspectives on the self. Vol. 2
Self and world
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
The second self : computers and the human spirit
Somebody should have told us! : simple truths for living well : the mind-spirit connection
What should we tell our daughters : the pleasures and pressures of growing up female
Altered body image : the nurse's role
Body image satisfaction in 11-18 year old girls and boys
Social identity : international perspectives
Self-esteem : a classroom affair. Volume 1, 101 ways to help children like themselves
Fat is a feminist issue
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Personalised assistive products : managing stigma and expressing the self
The shaking woman, or, a history of my nerves
The search for the self : selected writings of Heinz Kohut: 1978-1981. Vol. 3
The drama of the gifted child : the search for the true self
Breaking the habit of being yourself : how to lose your mind and create a new one
Within : a spiritual awakening to love & weight loss
International advances in self research
Moy qui me voy : the writer and the self from Montaigne to Leiris
Social psychology of the self-concept
The awakening
How the world sees you : discover your highest value through the science of fascination
SQ : spiritual intelligence the ultimate intelligence
The existential self in society
Banish your body image thief : a cognitive behavioural therapy workbook on building positive body image for young people
A very hungry girl : how I filled up on life ... and how you can, too!
Grace's guide : the art of pretending to be a grown-up
Self-attitude and deviant behavior
Sexy
Boys, bears and a serious pair of hiking boots
The book of me : life coach yourself to success
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
Bitter bitch : a novel
The self-image of the foster child
Know thyself. Theoretical and philosophical considerations about the meaning of self-concept in educational settings
The evolution of self psychology
Society and the adolescent self-image
The self-concept : European perspectives on its development, aspects, and applications
Sketch monsters : the new kid
Circle of friends
Changing conceptions of psychological life
Adrian and the tree of secrets
Be awesome : modern life for modern ladies
The self-concept. Vol. 2, Theory and research on selected topics
Competence development in a transactional perspective : a longitudinal study
The Britannica guide to the brain : a guided tour of the brain - mind, memory and intelligence
Personality functioning and psychotherapy outcome
Resilient identities : self-relationships and the construction of social reality
Outdoor adventure and self-concept : a research analysis
Assert yourself : how to find your voice and make your mark
The effect of amputation on body image and well-being : a systematic review
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Narural (-ly) housewives : an oral history of growing up in Norway in the 1950s and 1960s
Self-concept of children in special and regular education
Symptoms of being human
Finding herself : pathways to identity development in women
In the heart of the country
The authentic self
Burnt toast : and other philosophies of life
Blackwell handbook of infant development
International perspectives on individual differences.. Vol. 2
The notion of identity -- personal, religious, ethnic, or national -- has given rise to heated passions and crimes throughout history. What makes each one of us unique has been a fundamental question of philosophy from Socrates to Freud. This book argues that the concept of identity that prevails the world over is still very much tribal. It allows men of all countries, conditions, and faiths to be transformed into butchers and fanatics, passing themselves off as defenders of a given identity. Maalouf contends that many of us would reject our inherited conceptions of identity, which we cling to through habit, if only we examined them more closely. The future of society depends on accepting -- while recognizing our uniqueness -- all identities.
Absent in the spring
The antecedents of self-esteem
I heart me : the science of self-love
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Social comparison processes : theoretical and empirical perspectives
Altered egos : how the brain creates the self
Preliminary materials for a theory of the young-girl
In touch : how to tune in to the inner guidance of your body and trust yourself
Feminists rethink the self
Breaking from traditional studies of women that focus on how women differ from men or use psychotherapy clients as research subjects, this book examines how "normal" women forge their individual identities. Presenting the stories of ordinary women who were interviewed first as college students and then 12 years later, living with the choices they made, the author shows the subtle yet significant differences in ways women form relationships, raise children, pursue careers and develop values. The author describes four divergent pathways women follow and outlines the choices, challenges and struggles each path presents.
Self concept and school achievement
Self and identity : perspectives across the lifespan
The subject and the self : Lacan and American psychoanalysis
Building self-esteem : strategies for success in school and beyond
Interior passages : obesity and transformation
The widening scope of self psychology
Psychological perspectives on the self. Vol. 3
Doing better? : children's and their parents' and teachers' perceptions of the malleability of the child's academic competences
That's My Love Story
The wellness syndrome
In the name of identity : violence and the need to belong
Normal gets you nowhere
Excuses : masquerades in search of grace
Interpersonal communication and psychology for health care professionals : theory and practice
Riley Cavanaugh is many things: Punk rock. Snarky. Rebellious. And gender fluid. Some days Riley identifies as a boy, and others as a girl. But Riley isn't exactly out yet. And between starting a new school and having a congressman father running for reelection in uber-conservative Orange County, the pressure media and otherwise is building up in Riley's life.On the advice of a therapist, Riley starts an anonymous blog to vent those pent-up feelings and tell the truth of what it's really like to be a gender fluid teenager. But just as Riley's starting to settle in at school - even developing feelings for a mysterious outcast - the blog goes viral, and an unnamed commenter discovers Riley's real identity, threatening exposure. And Riley must make a choice: walk away from what the blog has created - a lifeline, new friends, a cause to believe - in or stand up, come out, and risk everything.
Deviant behavior in defense of self
Identity shift : where identity meets technology in the networked-community age
The self concept : in theory, measurement, development and behaviour
The self in anxiety, stress and depression
Francis Bacon and the loss of self
In search of the self through the "unknown territory of language" in Margaret Atwood's fiction and poetry
Sexy / Joyce Carol Oates
The testing of ego development using the washington university sentence sompletion test (WUSCT) on finnish adolescents
The concept of self
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
The female body in mind : the interface between the female body and mental health
The search for the self : selected writings of Heinz Kohut: 1978-1981. Vol. 4
Self-concept development and education
Personal identity and self-consciousness
Self-realization and education
The self
Bull’s eye : the power of focus
The seven spiritual laws of yoga : a practical guide to healing body, mind, and spirit
The fashioned self
Social cognition and the acquisition of self
Boundaries in human relationships : how to be separate and connected
Self-esteem : a classroom affair. Volume 2, More ways to help children like themselves
The self concept : a critical survey of pertinent research literature
The six pillars of self-esteem
Revolution from within : a book of self-esteem
NLP : the essential guide to neuro-linguistic programming
Charm and strange
Captivating : a guided journal to aid in unveiling the mystery of a woman's soul
Highly sensitive people in an insensitive world : how to create a happy life
The heretics : adventures with the enemies of science
Norman : the slug with the silly shell
Healing the addictive personality : freeing yourself from addictive patterns and relationships
Body image : understanding body dissatisfaction in men, women, and children
The body wars : why body dissatisfaction is at epidemic proportions and how we can fight back
Personality and learning : educational studies, a second level course. Block 7, Social relationships : socialization, the self-concept and the self-fulfilling prophecy
Refiguring self and psychology
Whose life is it anyway? : living through your 20s on your own terms
100 ways to happiness
They told you you need to be thin and beautiful. They told you to wear longer skirts, avoid going out late at night and move in groups, never accept drinks from a stranger, and wear shoes you can run in more easily than heels. They told you to wear just enough make-up to look presentable but not enough to be a slut; to dress to flatter your apple, pear, hourglass figure, but not to be too tarty. They warned you that if you try to be strong, or take control, you'll be shrill, bossy, a ballbreaker. Of course it's fine for the boys, but you should know your place. They told you that's not for girls, take it as a compliment, don't rock the boat, that'll go straight to your hips. They told you 'beauty is on the inside', but you knew they didn't really mean it. Well screw that. I'm here to tell you something else. Hilarious, jaunty and bold, this book exposes the truth about the pressures surrounding body image, the false representations in media, the complexities of a sex and relationships, the trials of social media and all the other lies they told us.
Giving an account of oneself
How will I grow?
Without rival : embrace your identity and purpose in an age of confusion and comparison
The ultimate introduction to NLP : how to build a successful life
The self-concept. Vol. 1, A review of methodological considerations and measuring instruments
SQ : spiritual intelligence, the ultimate intelligence
Where has my little girl gone? : how to protect your daughter from growing up too soon
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
In clothes called fat
The ministry of thin : how the pursuit of perfection got out of control
Katherine Carlyle
The grown ups
When you're falling, dive : using your pain to transform your life
"A powerful message to help women break free from comparison and competition, embrace God's purpose, and realize a life without rival"--Publisher's description.
Who do you think you are? : an introduction to self-discovery
Reveal : a sacred manual for getting spiritually naked
Self-traps : the elusive quest for higher self-esteem
Body self & psychological self : a developmental and clinical integration of disorders of the self
The concept of mind
Online representation of the self : self-branding in four fitness blogs
Identity problems in the Facebook era
The intimacy & solitude self-therapy book
The self in social psychology
Pictures of the mind : what the new neuroscience tells us about who we are
Self-concept
The search for the self : selected writings of Heinz Kohut, 1950-1978
Backwards in high heels : the impossible art of being female
The holographic canvas : the fusing of mind and matter
Whilst the body has recently assumed greater sociological significance, there has been less engagement in social work and social care on the bodily experience of health, illness and disease. This innovative volume redresses the balance by exploring chronic illness and social work, through the specific lens of autoimmunity, engaging in wider debates around vulnerability, resistance and the lived experience of ongoing ill-health. Moving beyond existing conceptualisations of vulnerability as an issue of mental distress, ageing, child protection and poverty, Price and Walker demonstrate the role that society has to play in actively engaging the physical body, rather than working around and through it. The book focuses on auto-immune conditions such as lupus, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and scleroderma. Conditions like these allow for an exploration of the materiality of illness which exacerbates social and economic vulnerability and may precipitate personal and social crises, requiring a variety of interventions and support. The risks and challenges associated with chronic illness include disruptions to a sense of self and identity, altered relationships and the renegotiation of roles and responsibilities in a variety of relationships in addition to an economic impact, with the potential for disruption to employment status and financial insecurity. This text opens up a range of debates around some of the central concerns of the social work profession, including vulnerability, ill-health, and independence. It will be of interest to scholars and students of social work, nursing, disability studies, medicine and the social sciences.
Ego psychology and the psychoses
The role of parents' and teachers' child-related competence beliefs in the development of students' self-concept of ability
The impact of new ideas
Language and identities
Finnish high school students and possible L2 selves
Reasons and persons
When women stop hating their bodies : freeing yourself from food and weight obsession
Basic ideas reconsidered
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
How is women's conception of self affected by the caregiving responsibilities traditionally assigned to them and by the personal vulnerabilities imposed on them? If institutions of male dominance profoundly influence women's lives and minds, how can women form judgments about their own best interests and overcome oppression? Can feminist politics survive in face of the diversity of women's experience, which is shaped by race, class, ethnicity, and sexual orientation, as well as by gender? Exploring such questions, leading feminist thinkers have reinvigorated work on the concept of self and personal identity, as demonstrated by the discussions in this insightful volume.The concerns that animate feminist scholarship have prompted feminist philosophers to sideline the theme of individualism and to focus on the theme of intersubjectivity. In conceptualizing the self, the contributors to this volume highlight emotional bonds among people, the stories people tell one another, and the systems of categories and behavioral norms that unite and divide groups of people. Topics addressed include sexual violence and the self, the social self and autonomy, the narrative self and integrity, self-ownership and the body, forgetting yourself and your race, group membership and personal identity, grief and gender, sympathy and women's diversity, emotion and emancipatory epistemology, and dependency and justice. This volume will be important reading for students of feminist theory, ethics, and social and political philosophy.
The relationship between self-efficacy and vocabulary learning strategies : a comparative study of national high school students and Pre-IB-students
The self-efficacy of graduate students during the one-year project in international design business management program
Remaking the body : rehabilitation and change
Vital lies, simple truths : the psychology of self-deception
Self-esteem : the puzzle of low self-regard
Size sexy : how to look good, feel good and be happy - at any size
Chronic illness, vulnerability, and social work : autoimmunity and the contemporary disease experience
Clobal negative self-evaluations in early adolescence
Lady : my life as a bitch
The self : psychological and philosophical issues
Self-esteem : research, theory, and practice
The power of beauty
To succeed is to believe : comparison of self-efficacy beliefs in language learning between learner groups of English and Swedish in Finland
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
The science of self-report : implications for research and practice
The search for the self : selected writings of Heinz Kohut : 1950-1978. Vol. 2
The private life : why we remain in the dark
Bleeding to ease the pain : cutting, self-injury, and the adolescent search for self
Problems in personal identity
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
NLP & relationships : simple strategies to make your relationships work
No stress today with PSYCH-K : how to transform stress into vitality, peace and a stress-free fulfilling life
Self-narratives : the construction of meaning in psychotherapy
A decade of progress
The undiscovered self
