http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26747 political theatre
political theatre
Acting together : performance and the creative transformation of conflict. Vol. 2, Building just and inclusive communities
Jean-Jacques Rousseau : critical assessments of leading political philosophers. Vol. 4, Politics, art, and autobiography
Erwin Piscator : politics on the stage in the Weimar Republic
Laughing matters : farce and the making of absolutism in France
Revolutionary acts : theater, democracy, and the French Revolution
Court culture in Dresden : from Renaissance to Barouque
Theatrical performance during the Holocaust : texts, documents, memoirs
Theatre censorship in Honecker's Germany : from Volker Braun to Samuel Beckett
Theatre, sacrifice, ritual : exploring forms of political theatre
Bertolt Brecht : a literary life
Theatre and war : theatrical responses since 1991
American-Soviet cultural diplomacy : the Bolshoi Ballet's American premiere
Dance, human rights, and social justice : dignity in motion
Tactical Performance tells illuminating stories of underdogs speaking mirth to power through creative activist performance in the streets of cities around the world. It also provides the first ever full-length practical and theoretical guide to this work. L.M.Bogad, a prolific practitioner and scholar of this genre, shares the most effective non-violent tactics and theatrics employed by groups such as the Yes Men and La Pocha Nostra, which have captured the public imagination in recent years. Tactical Performance explores carnivalesque protest in unique depth, looking at the possibilities for direct action and theatrical confrontation with some of the most powerful institutions in the world. It presents an inspiring combination of theory and practice, illustrating the basic principles of creative activism in an absorbing, accessible manner. It is essential reading for anyone interested in creative pranksterism and the global justice movement.
Staging nationalism : essays on theatre and national identity
The politics of the Stuart court masque
Radical street performance : an international anthology
Whom to represent, in which way, and with what right? The recent crisis of representation in democracy has also hit the representation machine of theatre at its core. Theatre, long considered to be the political art form, now struggles with how to relate adequately to society. Often it is either trapped into the content-driven world of representation or indulges in the belief of the transformative power of aesthetics alone. Not Just a Mirror maps a movement of artists from all over the world searching for the political theatre of today. A theatre that wants to engage with society both in its contents as in its form, creating a contemporary community in which social and political actions can be deployed and in which societies in their — actual or possible — varieties are played out, performed, expanded, tested, or even invented. Not Just a Mirror is comprised of eight essays, two interviews, and 15 case studies of political theatre makers, and investigates the performing arts as a political laboratory of the present. It explores how theatre, dance, and performance reveal their essential agnosticism, provoking the potential to actively change society rather than merely serving as a cover-up for the dysfunctions, fractures, and wounds of society.
Staging Dario Fo and Franca Rame : Anglo-American approaches to political theatre
The playful revolution : theatre and liberation in Asia
The radical in performance : between Brecht and Baudrillard
Radical people's theatre
Poetics, politics and protest in Arab theatre : the bitter cup and the holy rain
Because I tell a joke or two : comedy, politics, and social difference
Routledge drama anthology and sourcebook : from modernism to contemporary performance
This first English language biography of Bertolt Brecht (1898-1956) in two decades paints a strikingly new picture of one of the twentieth century's most controversial cultural icons. Drawing on letters, diaries and unpublished material, including Brecht's medical records, Parker offers a rich and enthralling account of Brecht's life and work, viewed through the prism of the artist. Tracing his extraordinary life, from his formative years in Augsburg, through the First World War, his politicisation during the Weimar Republic and his years of exile, up to the Berliner Ensemble's dazzling productions in Paris and London, Parker shows how Brecht achieved his transformative effect upon world theatre and poetry. 'Bertolt Brecht: A Literary Life' is a powerful portrait of a great, compulsively contradictory personality, whose artistry left its lasting imprint on modern culture.
Twentieth-century theatre : a sourcebook / edited by Richard Drain
The literary Churchill : author, reader, actor
Modern popular theatre
Censoring translation : censorship, theatre, and the politics of translation
Legislative theatre : using performance to make politics
In a context of financial crisis that has often produced a feeling of identity crisis for the individual, the theatre has provided a unifying forum, treating spectators as citizens. This book critically deals with representative plays and playwrights who have stood out in the UK and internationally in the post-recession era, delivering theatre that in the process of being truthful to the contemporary experience has also redefined theatrical form and content. Built around a series of case-studies of seminal contemporary plays exploring issues of social and political crisis, the volume is augmented by interviews with UK and international directors, artistic directors and the playwrights whose work is examined. As well as considering UK stage productions, Angelaki analyses European, North American and Australian productions, of post-2000 plays by writers including: Caryl Churchill, Mike Bartlett, Dennis Kelly, Simon Stephens, Martin Crimp, debbie tucker green, Duncan Macmillan, Nick Payne and Lucy Prebble. At the heart of the analysis and of the plays discussed is an appreciation of what interconnects artists and audiences, enabling the kind of mutual recognition that fosters the feeling of collectivity. As the book argues, this is the state whereby the theatre meets its social imperative by eradicating the distance between stage and spectator and creating a genuinely shared space of ideas and dialogue, taking on topics including the economy, materialism, debt culture, the environment, urban protest, social media and mental health. Social and Political Theatre in 21st-Century Britain demonstrates that such contemporary playwriting invests in and engenders moments of performative reciprocity and spirituality so as to present the audience with a cohesive collective experience.
Social and political theatre in 21st-century Britain : staging crisis
Performance, politics, and the war on terror : "whatever it takes"
Expressing politics through visual theatre : analysis of contemporary visual theatre artists from Post-Soviet countries
Postdramatic theatre and the political : international perspectives on contemporary performance
An existing better world : notes on the bread and puppet theater
Theatre of estrangement : theory, practice, ideology
North Korea : beyond charismatic politics
Theatre, facilitation, and nation formation in the Balkans and Middle East
In this fascinating volume, acclaimed theatre historian Erika Fischer-Lichte reflects on the role and meaning accorded to the theme of sacrifice in Western cultures as mirrored in particular fusions of theatre and ritual. Theatre, Sacrifice, Ritual presents a radical re-definition of ritual theatre through analysis of performances as diverse as: Max Reinhardt's new people's theatre, the mass spectacles of post-revolutionary Russia, American Zionist pageants, the Olympic Games. In offering both a performative and a semiotic analysis of such performances, Fischer-Lichte expertly demonstrates how theatre and ritual are fused in order to tackle the problem of community-building in societies characterised by loss of solidarity and disintegration, and exposes the provocative connection between the utopian visions of community they suggest, and the notion of sacrifice. This innovative study of twentieth-century performative culture boldly examines the complexities of political theatre, propaganda and manipulation of the masses, and offers a revolutionary approach to the study of theatre and performance history.
Proletarian performance in Weimar Berlin : Agitprop, chorus, and Brecht
The politics of performance : radical theatre as cultural intervention
Peter Schumann's Bread and puppet theatre. Vol. 2
The grammar of politics and performance
Gender, politics, and performance in South Asia
New worlds : Russian art and society 1900-1937
Drama and commitment : politics in the American theatre of the thirties
Brecht in practice : theatre, theory and performance
Drama was a weapon : the left-wing theatre in New York, 1929-1941
After Brecht : British epic theater
Popular theatre : a sourcebook
Staging resistance : essays on political theater
The nationalization of the masses : political symbolism and mass movements in Germany from the Napoleonic wars through the Third Reich
The theatre of Erwin Piscator : half a century of politics in the theatre
Acting out : feminist performances
The Piscator experiment : the political theatre
No billionaire left behind : satirical activism in America
The Cambridge companion to modern Spanish culture
The Greeks in Ionia and the East
The theater is in the street : politics and public performance in sixties America
This book combines performance analysis with contemporary political philosophy to advance new ways of understanding both political performance and the performativity of the politics of the street. Our times are pre-eminently political times and have drawn radical responses from many theatre and performance practitioners. However, a decade of conflict in the Middle East and Afghanistan, the eruption of new social movements around the world, the growth of anti-capitalist and anti-globalisation struggles, the upsurge of protests against the blockades of neoliberalism, and the rising tide of dissent and anger against corporate power, with its exorbitant social costs, have left theatre and performance scholarship confronting something of a dilemma: how to theorize the political antagonisms of our day? Drawing on the resources of 'post-Marxist' political thinkers such as Chantal Mouffe and Jacques Ranciere, the book explores how new theoretical horizons have been made available for performance analysis.
Visions and blueprints : avant-garde culture and radical politics in early twentieth-century Europe
Peter Schumann's Bread and puppet theatre. Vol. 1
The purpose of playing : Shakespeare and the cultural politics of the Elizabethan theatre
A concise history of popular theatre in the 20th and 21st centuries. This book questions how we define the distinguishing principles of popular theatre, considers the use of popular forms in experimental and avant-garde theatre and introduces a range of international artists and theatre makers.
Theatre for working-class audiences in the United States, 1830-1980
The Piscator notebook
Ethno-techno : writings on performance, activism, and pedagogy
Ethno-techno : writings on performance, activism, and pedagogy / by Guillermo Gómez-Pena ; edited by Elaine Pena
Acting together : performance and the creative transformation of conflict. Vol. 1, Resistance and reconciliation in regions of violence
The dancer defects : the struggle for cultural supremacy during the Cold War
Boulevard theater and revolution in eighteenth-century Paris
Devising performance : a critical history
The cabaret
Glorious causes : the grand theatre of political change, 1789 to 1833
Popular theatre in political culture : Britain and Canada in focus
Not just a mirror : looking for the political theatre of today
A history of Polish theater 1939-1989 : spheres of captivity and freedom
Dramaturgy of the real on the world stage
Performance analysis : an introductory coursebook
Politics, performance and popular culture : theatre and society in nineteenth-century Britain
Hamlet and the baker's son : my life in theatre and politics
Anonymous - tuntematon
Performance in a time of terror : critical mimesis and the age of uncertainty
The people's stage in Imperial Germany : social democracy and culture 1890-1914
Performing antagonism : theatre, performance & radical democracy
The world Hitler never made : alternate history and the memory of Nazism
Theatre as a weapon : worker's theatre in the Soviet Union, Germany and Britain, 1917-1934
David Barnett invites readers, students and theatre-makers to discover new ways of apprehending and making use of Brecht in this clear and accessible study of Brecht's theories and practices. The book analyses how Brecht's ideas can come alive in rehearsal and performance, and reveals just how carefully Brecht realized his vision of a politicized, interventionist theatre. What emerges is a nuanced understanding of Brecht's concepts, his work with actors and his approaches to directing. The reader is encouraged to engage with his method which sought to 'make theatre politically', in order to appreciate the innovations he introduced into his stagecraft. Barnett provides many examples of how Brecht's ideas can be staged, and the final chapter takes a closer look at two very different plays: one written by Brecht and one by a playwright with no acknowledged connection to Brecht. Through an interrogation of The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui and Patrick Marber's Closer, Barnett asks how a Brechtian approach can enliven and illuminate production.
Brecht and political theatre : the Mother on stage
The melodramatic thread : spectacle and political culture in modern France
Tactical performance : the theory and practice of serious play
