http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26777 sea plants
sea plants
Impact of eutrophication and biological invasions on the structure and functions of benthic macrofauna
Proceedings of the seventh International Symposium on Postharvest Physiology of Ornamental Plants : Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, USA 13-18 November 1999
Realms of the sea
Oceans : exploring the hidden depths of the underwater world
Proceedings of the VII OPTIMA Meeting, Borovec, 18-30 July 1993. Part 2, Poster presentations
Proceedings of the XIII OPTIMA Meeting : March 22-26 2010, Antalya/Türkiye
The modern plantation in the Third World
Life stories
Ocean of life : how our seas are changing
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
Ecology
Seagrass meadows : flowering plants in the Mediterranean Sea
Population biology of the Primula sibirica group species inhabiting frequently disturbed seashore meadows : implications for management
This textbook is one of the first to explain the fundamentals and applications of remote sensing at both undergraduate and graduate levels. Topics include definitions and a brief history of payloads and platforms, data acquisition and specifications, image processing techniques, data integration and spatial modeling, and a range of applications covering terrestrial, atmospheric, oceanographic and planetary disciplines. The policy and law issues of remote sensing and the future trends on the horizon are also covered. Remote sensing is an exciting, dynamic technology that is transforming the Earth sciences - terrestrial, atmospheric, and marine - as well as the practices of agriculture, disaster response, engineering, natural resources, providing evidence in legal cases and documented humanitarian crises, and many other fields. Increasingly, understanding of these techniques will be central to a number of disciplines, particularly as the technology advances.
Sticky business : diversity and evolution of Mycocaliciales (Ascomycota) on plant exudates
Atmosphere, ocean, and climate dynamics : an introductory text
The earth's hydrological cycle
Vines and climbing plants of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands
Climate change : the IPCC scientific assessment
Harmful marine algal blooms : proceedings of the Sixth International Conference on Toxic Marine Phytoplankton, October 1993, Nantes, France = Proliférations d'algues marines nuisibles
Direct groundwater inflow to the Baltic Sea
Genetic variability and nitrogenase activity of cyanobacterial communities associated with tropical seagrass meadows (western Indian Ocean)
The seas : our knowledge of life in the sea and how it is gained
Effect on yield, total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanate content of two broccoli cultivars (Brassica oleraceae var italica) following the application of a commercial brown seaweed extract (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Plant pheno-morphological studies in Mediterranean type ecosystems
The taxonomy of Ulva Linnaeus, 1753, and Enteromorpha Link, 1820, (Chlorophyceae) in the Netherlands
Nature aquarium world
Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of an unfortified extract, of Ascophyllum nodosum on yield and nutritional quality of two broccoli cultivars ("Ironman" and "Red Admiral"). Total phenolic, total flavonoid, and total isothiocyanates content were higher in all seaweed treatments compared to the untreated control. In "Ironman" there was a 2.2 fold increase in total phenolic, 1.5 fold in total flavonoid and 2.6 fold in total isothiocyanates content, in the higher application rate compared to the control. Similarly in "Red Admiral", there was a 2.3 fold increase in total phenolic, 2.6 fold in total flavonoid and, 2.2 fold in total isothiocyanates content. There was a consistent effect on the increase of total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanates content, while there was no yield increase recorded at the lower seaweed application rate. Results suggest that application of seaweed extracts can significantly increase the amount of phytochemicals and improve the nutritional quality of broccoli.
Ecology of seagrass meadows in the Baltic Sea
Bridging divides : maritime canals as invasion corridors
Philip's guide to seashores and shallow seas of Britain and northern Europe
Earth matters
Arsenic in geosphere and human diseases : As 2010 : 3rd International Congress: Arsenic in the Environment, National Cheng Kung University (NCKU), Tainan, Taiwan, 17-21 May 2010
FIMR monitoring of the Baltic Sea environment : annual report 2007
Seagrasses : resource status and trends in Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam
Monitoring the environment : the linacre lectures 1990-91
Patterns and processes of littoral zooplankton composition in relation to the trophic state of the environment
Introduced species in the Nordic countries
The physiological ecology of seaweeds
Summary (s. 11-13).
Allelopathic effects of filamentous cyanobacteria on phytoplankton in the Baltic Sea
IPCC first assessment report. Volume I, Overview, WGI Policymakers summary, WGII Policymakers summary, WGIII Policymakers summary, Policymakers summary of the Special Committee on the participation of developing countries
Eutrofication of the North Sea, 1980-1990 : an evaluation of anthropogenic nutrient inputs using a 2D phytoplankton production model
Abiotic factors controlling the cyanobacterial bloom occurrence in the Gulf of Finland
Brassica crops are rich is phytochemical compounds and frequent consumption of these vegetables has been associated with a lower risk in cancer, heart disease, hypertension and stroke. The effect of three commercial extracts of the brown seaweed, Ascophyllum nodosum, on phytochemical content and yield in cabbage plants was tested under field conditions in two consecutive crops. Total phenolic content was higher in all seaweed treated plants, with the highest increase recorded with AlgaeGreenTM (3.5 l ha-1) with a 2 fold increase relative to the control. The other commercial seaweed extract, XT achieved a lower increases of 1.3 fold (3.5 l ha-1). Similar increases were recorded in total flavonoid content. No statistically significant increases in yield were recorded with any of the seaweed extracts tested. The results suggest that seaweed extracts stimulated an increased accumulation of phytochemicals in cabbage but had no significant effect in yield under these experimental conditions.
Environmental influences on benthic macrovegetation in the Trosa - Askö area, northern Baltic proper. 2, The ecology of macroalgae and submersed phanerogams
The arctic and environmental change
The northern amphi-atlantic seashore sedge Carex mackenziei V. I. Krecz. was found by us in four localities in 2008-2011, two in Kökar and one in Brändö in the eastern archipelago and one in Sund on the mainland of Åland. The hybrid C. canescens L. × mackenziei (C. × pseudohelvola Kihlm.), which occurs regularly together with C. mackenziei, was found in Sund in 2010 and 2011. The generaldistribution of the two taxa is outlined. The previous finds of C. mackenziei and the hybrid in the Åland Islands during the 19th and 20th centuries are referred to. The future of Carex mackenziei and its hybrid in the Åland Islands is discussed..
Ultimate marine aquariums : saltwater dream systems and how they are created
Beachcombers, landlubbers and able seemen : effects of marine subsidies on roles of arthropod predators in coastal food webs
Biotic interactions and vegetation management on coastal meadows
Scientific plan for a regional programme in the arctic on global change : proceedings of a workshop at Reykjavik, Iceland 22-25 April 1992.
The role of legumes in the farming systems of the Mediterranean areas : proceedings of a workshop on the role of legumes in the farming systems of the Mediterranean areas UNDP/ICARDA, Tunis, June 20-24, 1988
Eutrophication and grazing pressure on the brown alga Fucus vesiculosus by the herbivorous isopod Idotea baltica
Operative methods for mapping and monitoring phytobenthic zone biodiversity in the Baltic Sea : II report of the PHYTOBIOS project
Plankton and productivity in the oceans. Vol. 1, Phytoplankton
Abstracts ; lectures, communications, posters : XIV OPTIMA Meeting : September, 9-15 2013, Orto Botanico, Palermo, Italia
FAO field project reports on aquaculture : indexed bibliography, 1966-1995
Under earth ; under water
How the ocean works : an introduction to oceanography
The rising tide : global warming and world sea levels
The climate of Tierra del Fuego from a vegetation geographical point of view and its ecoclimatic counterparts elsewhere
Symbiosis. Vol. 1, Associations of microorganisms, plants, and marine organisms
The relationship between environment and fisheries information : project report for the Nordic Strategy for the Environment and Fisheries
Marine phytoplankton : selected microphytoplankton species from the North Sea around Helgoland and Sylt
Natural succession and human-induced changes in the soft-bottom macrovegetation of shallow brackish bays on the southern coast of Finland
The Usborne Living World Encyclopedia
Geographic information systems, remote sensing and mapping for the development and management of marine aquaculture
Statistical analysis and modelling of phytoplankton dynamics : exploitation of data in the Nordic and Baltic monitoring programs
Priority issues in the Mediterranean environment
Enhancement of phenolic and flavonoid compounds in cabbage (Brassica oleraceae) following application of commercial seaweed extracts of the brown seaweed, (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Climate and geo-sciences : a challenge for science and society in the 21st century
The life cycle and genetic structure of the red alga Furcellaria lumbricalis on a salinity gradient
Carex mackenziei and C. canescens × mackenziei in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Notes from Italian garden
Marine benthic dinoflagellates : unveiling their worldwide biodiversity
Ocean : the world's last wilderness revealed
Mediterranean feasts / Rose Elliot
Arctic shipping emissions in the changing climate
Phytoplankton quantity as an indicator of eutrophication in Finnish coastal waters : applications within the Water Framework Directive
Photobiological studies of Baltic Sea phytoplankton
Systematics of the Blennospermatinae (Asteraceae, Senecioneae)
Expanding earth or natural catastrophism
From genes to communities : stress tolerance in eelgrass (Zostera marina)
The biology of marine plants
The naturetrail omnibus
Principles of applied remote sensing
