http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26745 socio-political theatre
socio-political theatre
New German dance studies
Couture culture : a study in modern art and fashion
Performance, identity, and the neo-political subject
As the twenty-first century moves towards its third decade, applied theatre is being shaped by contemporary economic and environmental concerns and is contributing to new conceptual paradigms that influence the ways in which socially engaged art is produced and understood. This collection offers fresh perspectives on the aesthetics, politics and histories of applied theatre. With contributions from leading scholars in the field, the book illuminates theatre in a diverse range of global contexts and regions. Divided into three sections - histories and cultural memories; place, community and environment; and poetics and participation - the chapters interweave cutting-edge theoretical insights with examples of innovative creative practice that traverse different places, spaces and times. Essential reading for researchers and artists working within applied theatre, this collection will also be of interest to those in theatre and performance studies, education, cultural policy, social history and cultural geography.
In this collection of essays, performance studies scholar and artist Richard Schechner brings his unique perspective to bear upon some of the key themes of society in the 21st century. Schechner connects the avantgarde and terror, the counter-cultural movement of the 1960s/70s and the Occupy movement; self-wounding art, popular culture, and ritual; the Ramlila cycle play of India and the way imagination structures reality; the corporate world and conservative artists. Schechner asks artists to redeploy Nehru's Third World as a movement not of nations but of like-minded culture workers who must propose counter-performances to war, violence, and the globalized corporate empire. With characteristic brio, Schechner urges us to play for keeps. "Playing deeply is a way of finding and embodying new knowledge", he writes. Performed Imaginaries ranges through some of the key moves within Schechner's oeuvre, and challenges today's experimental artists, activists, and scholars to generate a new, third world of performance.
Theatre in search of social change : the relative significance of different theatrical approaches
Theatre & violence
Acting together : performance and the creative transformation of conflict. Vol. 1, Resistance and reconciliation in regions of violence
In this exceptional investigation Rustom Bharucha considers the realities of Islamophobia, the legacies of Truth and Reconciliation, the deadly certitudes of State-controlled security systems and the legitimacy of counter-terror terrorism, drawing on a vast spectrum of human cruelties across the global South. The outcome is a brilliantly argued case for seeing terror as a volatile and mutant phenomenon that is deeply lived, experienced, and performed within the cultures of everyday life.
France after revolution : urban life, gender, and the new social order
Arguments for a theatre
Performing antagonism : theatre, performance & radical democracy
Following the ground-breaking Performance and the City, this new volume, now available in paperback, explores what it means to create and experience urban performance - as both an aesthetic and a political practice - in the burgeoning world cities built by globalization and neoliberal capital. Featuring work by artists as well as scholars, written from multiple disciplinary perspectives, and including dozens of photographs as well as a photo essay by Nicholas Whybrow, Performance and the Global City will appeal to readers interested in urban studies, theatre and performance, geography, sociology, and globalization studies.
Theater and Cultural Politics for a New World presents a radical re-examination of the ways in which demographic shifts will impact theater and performance culture in the twenty-first century. Editor Chinua Thelwell brings together the revealing insights of artists, scholars, and organizers to produce a unique intersectional conversation about the transformative potential of theater. Opening with a case study of the New WORLD Theater and moving on to a fascinating range of essays, the book looks at five main themes: Changing demographics, Future aesthetics, Making institutional space, Critical multiculturalism, Polyculturalism.
Critical perspectives on applied theatre
"India is changing at a rapid pace as it continues to move from its colonial past to its globalised future. This Companion offers a framework for understanding that change, and how modern cultural forms have emerged out of very different histories and traditions. The book provides accounts of literature, theatre, film, modern and popular art, music, television and food; it also explores in detail social divisions, customs, communications and daily life. In a series of engaging, erudite and occasionally moving essays the contributors, drawn from a variety of disciplines, examine not merely what constitutes modern Indian culture, but just how wide-ranging are the cultures that persist in the regions of India. This volume will help the reader understand the continuities and fissures within Indian culture and some of the conflicts arising from them. Throughout, what comes to the fore is the extraordinary richness and diversity of modern Indian culture"--
Staging the real : the social impact of the play The colour of justice
The renewed interest in artistic practices as well as in institutional collaborations with artists seems to be driven by a positive vibe, by an interest in changing the governing structures from within rather than critically denouncing their power structures from the outside. The move towards 'reclaiming the institute' is less an act of de-masking than an attempt to re-politicise the institutional field, an attempt to make the institute matter again as a centre for intensification to address common concerns. This new spirit of the institute manifests itself at a time when Europe is suffering from multiple institutional crises. Confidence in the political and economic structures is at an all time low, and the public funding of social, educational, scientific and cultural institutions is under pressure due to state cuts and privatisations. Some institutional entities wield power without the necessary authority; others possess a residual form of authority, but not enough power to be able to set things in motion. Turn, Turtle! Reenacting the Institute is comprised of six essays, three interviews, and six case studies of performance makers, institution directors, and thinkers. They propose diverse strategies of implication and engagement, opening up possible futures and alternative exchanges between parties that are often too often still seen as adversaries.
Daughters of Eve : a cultural history of French theater women from the Old Regime to the fin de siècle
Performing America : cultural nationalism in American theater
This book combines performance analysis with contemporary political philosophy to advance new ways of understanding both political performance and the performativity of the politics of the street. Our times are pre-eminently political times and have drawn radical responses from many theatre and performance practitioners. However, a decade of conflict in the Middle East and Afghanistan, the eruption of new social movements around the world, the growth of anti-capitalist and anti-globalisation struggles, the upsurge of protests against the blockades of neoliberalism, and the rising tide of dissent and anger against corporate power, with its exorbitant social costs, have left theatre and performance scholarship confronting something of a dilemma: how to theorize the political antagonisms of our day? Drawing on the resources of 'post-Marxist' political thinkers such as Chantal Mouffe and Jacques Ranciere, the book explores how new theoretical horizons have been made available for performance analysis.
Theater at the margins : text and the post-structured stage
How might the organic link between theatre-making and political action be revitalised? And how might a spontaneous vision of a theatre of and for ordinary people be reignited? Since his political exile from Argentina in 1977, theatre director and producer Horacio Czertok has devoted his life to re-imagining the art of the theatre, taking it out of its comfort zone into places of social conflict such as deprived suburban areas, prisons and mental hospitals, as well as open, public spaces, engaging directly with audiences in a spirit of abiding, carnivalesque, and deeply political theatrical experimentation. Adapting a rigorous Stanislavskian theatrical training to the exigencies of raw, immediate encounters with audiences in marginal and open spaces, Czertok's theatre-making is unique, not only in the kinds of capacities and skills it allows actors to develop, but also in the way it renders the question of political efficacy immanent to the very process of making theatre.
Legislative theatre : using performance to make politics
Performance and the global city
Performance, politics and activism
Over the past 20 years European theatre underwent fundamental changes in terms of aesthetic focus, institutional structure and in its position in society. The impetus for these changes was provided by a new generation in the independent theatre scene. This book brings together studies on the state of independent theatre in different European countries, focusing on the fields of dance and performance, children and youth theatre, theatre and migration and post-migrant theatre. Additionally, it includes essays on experimental musical theatre and different cultural policies for independent theatre scenes in a range of European countries.
How to put on a community play
Cyborg theatre : corporeal/technological intersections in multimedia performance
Stages in the revolution : political theatre in Britain since 1968
Performance studies in motion : international perspectives and practices in the twenty-first century
Theatre and performance in Eastern Europe : the changing scene
Tactical performance : the theory and practice of serious play
The culture of the Europeans : from 1800 to the present
Staging social justice : collaborating to create activist theatre
Disabled theater
Theatre of exile
Theater and cultural politics for a new world : an anthology
Theatre and empowerment : community drama on the world stage
Modern Indian theatre : a reader
Performance Studies in Motion' offers multiple perspectives on the current field of performance studies and suggests its future directions. Featuring new essays by pioneers Richard Schechner and Barbara Kirshenblatt-Gimblett, and by international scholars and practitioners, it shows how performance can offer a new way of seeing the world, and testifies to the dynamism of this discipline. Beginning with an overview of the development of performance studies, the essays offer new insights into: contemporary experimental and postdramatic theatre; participatory performance and museum exhibitions; the performance of politicians, political institutions and grassroots protest movements; theatricality at war and in contemporary religious rituals, and performative practices in therapy, education and life sciences. Employing original reflexive approaches to concrete case studies and situations, contributors introduce a variety of applications of performance studies methodologies to contemporary culture, art and society, creating new interdisciplinary links between the arts, humanities, and social and natural sciences. With studies from and about places as diverse as Austria, Belgium, China, France, Germany, Israel, Korea, Palestine, the Philippines, Poland, Rwanda and the USA, 'Performance Studies in Motion' showcases the vitality and breadth of the field today.
Experimental arts in postwar Japan : moments of encounter, engagement, and imagined return
A Boal companion : dialogues on theatre and cultural politics
Turn, turtle! : reenacting the institute
Play, creativity, and social movements : if I can't dance, it's not my revolution
The Forest and the Field is a polemical thinking-through of the whole concept of theatre as a 'space', and a politically motivated exploration of how, and where, that theatrical space meets the real world that surrounds and suffuses it. The book begins by demolishing the notion of the 'empty space' and drawing careful and suggestive distinctions between 'space' and 'place'. It moves on to consider how the body - of the actor, or of the spectator - is read within the theatrical encounter, and how meaning is created in the turbulent movement of signs between performer and audience. Finally it interrogates the wider relationship between theatre and its 'outside', culminating in an attempt to answer the familiar question of whether theatre can change the world - and, if it can, how it might.
Social and political theatre in 21st-century Britain : staging crisis
Politics, performance and popular culture : theatre and society in nineteenth-century Britain
The great white way : race and the Broadway musical
The search for meaning
The other side of silence : sign language and the deaf community in America
The Cambridge companion to modern Indian culture
Applied theatre : creating transformative encounters in the community
Performance practice in community settings is an established part of the cultural landscape. However, this practice is frequently viewed as functional: an intervention that seeks to solve, educate or heal. Performance and Community presents an alternative vision, focussing, instead, on the aesthetic and political ambitions of artists, organisations and cultural producers committed to this area. Through case studies, this edited collection gives unprecedented access to some of the leading organisations in the field, examining their creative processes and placing them in their historical context. In parallel, a series of interviews with individual artists explores their approaches and how they are re-shaped by the communities that they encounter. Case studies include: the Grassmarket Project, the Lawnmowers Independent Theatre Company, London Bubble, Magic Me and the partnership between the artist, Mark Storor and producer, Anna Ledgard; while interviews in this collection include: Mojisola Adebayo, Bobby Baker, Sue Emmas, Tony Fegan, Paul Heritage, Rosemary Lee and Lois Weaver. An invaluable resource for students of applied, social, community and contemporary theatre practices, Performance and Community provides vivid evidence of the complex negotiations between artist and community that lie at the heart of this delicate work.
Theatre of the real
Kabuki is well known for its exaggerated acting, flamboyant costumes and makeup, and unnatural storylines. The onnagata, usually male actors who perform the roles of women, have been an important aspect of kabuki since its beginnings in the 17th century. In a "labyrinth" of gendering, the practice of men playing women's roles has affected the manifestations of femininity in Japanese society. In this case study of how gender has been defined and redefined through the centuries, Maki Isaka examines how the onnagata's theatrical gender "impersonation" has shaped the concept and mechanisms of femininity and gender construction in Japan. The implications of the study go well beyond disciplinary and geographic cloisters.
Jerome Bel's Disabled Theater, a dance piece featuring eleven actors with cognitive disabilities from Zurich's Theater Hora, has polarized audiences worldwide. Some have celebrated the performance as an outstanding exploration of presence and representation; others have criticized it as a contemporary freak show. This impassioned reception provokes important questions about the role of people with cognitive disabilities within theater and dance - and within society writ large. Using Disabled Theater as the basis for a broad, interdisciplinary discussion of performance and disability, this volume explores the intersections of politics and aesthetics, inclusion and exclusion, and identity and empowerment. Can the stage serve as a place of emancipation for people with disabilities? To what extent are performers with disabilities able to challenge and subvert the rules of society? What would a performance look like without an ideology of ability?
Performance and community : commentary and case studies
Acting together : performance and the creative transformation of conflict. Vol. 2, Building just and inclusive communities
Tactical Performance tells illuminating stories of underdogs speaking mirth to power through creative activist performance in the streets of cities around the world. It also provides the first ever full-length practical and theoretical guide to this work. L.M.Bogad, a prolific practitioner and scholar of this genre, shares the most effective non-violent tactics and theatrics employed by groups such as the Yes Men and La Pocha Nostra, which have captured the public imagination in recent years. Tactical Performance explores carnivalesque protest in unique depth, looking at the possibilities for direct action and theatrical confrontation with some of the most powerful institutions in the world. It presents an inspiring combination of theory and practice, illustrating the basic principles of creative activism in an absorbing, accessible manner. It is essential reading for anyone interested in creative pranksterism and the global justice movement.
Onnagata : a labyrinth of gendering in kabuki theater
In a context of financial crisis that has often produced a feeling of identity crisis for the individual, the theatre has provided a unifying forum, treating spectators as citizens. This book critically deals with representative plays and playwrights who have stood out in the UK and internationally in the post-recession era, delivering theatre that in the process of being truthful to the contemporary experience has also redefined theatrical form and content. Built around a series of case-studies of seminal contemporary plays exploring issues of social and political crisis, the volume is augmented by interviews with UK and international directors, artistic directors and the playwrights whose work is examined. As well as considering UK stage productions, Angelaki analyses European, North American and Australian productions, of post-2000 plays by writers including: Caryl Churchill, Mike Bartlett, Dennis Kelly, Simon Stephens, Martin Crimp, debbie tucker green, Duncan Macmillan, Nick Payne and Lucy Prebble. At the heart of the analysis and of the plays discussed is an appreciation of what interconnects artists and audiences, enabling the kind of mutual recognition that fosters the feeling of collectivity. As the book argues, this is the state whereby the theatre meets its social imperative by eradicating the distance between stage and spectator and creating a genuinely shared space of ideas and dialogue, taking on topics including the economy, materialism, debt culture, the environment, urban protest, social media and mental health. Social and Political Theatre in 21st-Century Britain demonstrates that such contemporary playwriting invests in and engenders moments of performative reciprocity and spirituality so as to present the audience with a cohesive collective experience.
Performing difference : representations of "the other" in film and theater
The forest and the field : changing theatre in a changing world
The necessary theatre
Independent theatre in contemporary Europe : structures - aesthetics - cultural policy
Theatricality
The politics of performance in early Renaissance drama
Terror and performance
Stillness in motion in the seventeenth-century theatre
Carver's manual on community theatre directing : (a step-by-step approach)
Hard times : the adult musical in 1970s New York City
Performed imaginaries
Post-war british drama : looking back in gender
Performing (for) survival : theatre, crisis, extremity
This book investigates trans-historical and international instances of performance that arise directly out of situations of crisis and extremity to ask what performance is for in such contexts. It explores how people living in oppressive, dangerous or deprived conditions use performance to survive, to express dissent or a desire for change.
Throughout history, theatre has allowed actors and audiences to consider the possibilities and realities of violence. This book explores the use of violence in theatre and its effect on spectators. Critically engaging with examples of stage combat, rape, terrorism, wrestling and historical re-enactments, it questions perceived boundaries between real and simulated violence and asks how violence can challenge social structures. Ultimately, Nevitt argues that performed violence can be part of a desire to create a more peaceful world.
Carnival and theater : plebian culture and the structure of authority in Renaissance England
Eastern European theater after the iron curtain
