http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26813 plagiarism
plagiarism
Pariisin sanat : The words
The book brings together diverse views from around the world and provides a comprehensive overview of the subject, beginning with different definitions of academic integrity through how to create the ethical academy. At the same time, the Handbook does not shy away from some of the vigorous debates in the field such as the causes of academic integrity breaches. There has been an explosion of interest in academic integrity in the last 10-20 years. New technologies that have made it easier than ever for students to 'cut and paste', coupled with global media scandals of high profile researchers behaving badly, have resulted in the perception that plagiarism is 'on the rise'. This, in combination with the massification and commercialisation of higher education, has resulted in a burgeoning interest in the importance of academic integrity, how to safeguard it and how to address breaches appropriately. What may have seemed like a relatively easy topic to address - students copying sources without attribution - has in fact, turned out to be a very complex, interdisciplinary field of research requiring contributions from linguists, psychologists, social scientists, anthropologists, teaching and learning specialists, mathematicians, accountants, medical doctors, lawyers and philosophers, to name just a few. Despite or perhaps because of this broad interest and input, there has been no single authoritative reference work which brings together the vast, growing, interdisciplinary and at times contradictory body of literature. For both established researchers/practitioners and those new to the field, this Handbook provides a one-stop-shop as well as a launching pad for new explorations and discussions.
Academic writing and grammar for students
Bootlegging : romanticism and copyright in the music industry
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Stolen language? : plagiarism in writing
False feathers : a perspective on academic plagiarism
This guide explains why referencing is an essential part of good writing and shows how to do it. It explains what plagiarism is and how to avoid it. With clear explanations and examples, this handy, easy-to-read guide has engaging illustrations and an informal style.
Good and bad in information retrieval - ethics in information literacy education : case The Tritonia Academic Library, Vaasa
Doing a literature review in nursing, health and social care
Using moral reminders to reduce cheating in university students
Handbook of academic integrity
Teaching to avoid plagiarism : how to promote good source use
Digital detectives : solving information dilemmas in an online world
How to write a thesis
Referencing & understanding plagiarism
It's one for the money : the song snatchers who carved up a century of pop & sparked a musical revolution
The essential guide : research writing across the disciplines
Music plagiarism, sound recordings and the future of transformative musical works
"Song publishing is the one constant in the carousel of recorded music now spanning the past century, and has been the way that song-credits and publishing revenue have caused ructions and recriminations, and inspired writers by making them poor and lawyers rich. Whether it be Procul Harum going to court to decide who really wrote 'Whiter Shade of Pale' or the Moody Blues wanting their fair share of 'Nights of White Satin', when the song-credits get divvied up, a parting of the ways citing 'musical differences' is almost inevitable. So here are some choice examples of poplore held up to the light, some familiar to music fans others not, designed to prove that Dylan knew of what he wrote when he suggested, 'Money doesn't talk, it swears'. Between them, they provide the unvarnished story of popular song from the days jukeboxes and radio replaced wax cylinders and piano rolls to the era of digital downloads, legal and illegal..."--Publisher's description.
Archaeology, sexism, and scandal : the long-suppressed story of one woman's discoveries and the man who stole credit for them
The lost art of gratitude
Cite them right : the essential referencing guide
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Communicate science papers, presentations, and posters effectively
Academic plagiarism is nothing new, and it most certainly did not begin with the advent of the Internet. Teachers have been struggling for decades in countries all over the globe to find appropriate methods for dealing with the problem. How do we teach good scientific practice? How do we find and document plagiarism? And how do we deal with those who have been caught? This book collects material on the various aspects of plagiarism in education. Because of the widespread interest in the many doctoral dissertations in Germany that have been found to be plagiarized, including those from high-ranking politicians and members of the scientific community, special attention is given to the VroniPlag Wiki and the situation in Germany, past and present.
All assignments need to include correct references: this book shows you how. Cite them right is the renowned guide to referencing and avoiding plagiarism. Now in its tenth edition, the book continues to provide detailed examples for all print and electronic sources, business, government, technical and legal publications, works of art and images. Key features: Cite any information source, from ancient texts to Instagram. Examples are given in Harvard, APA, MHRA, MLA, OSCOLA, Vancouver and Chicago referencing styles. Simplified advice on referencing online publications. More sources now covered, including mood boards, clipart, Instagram and public inquiries. Guidance on what is plagiarism and how to avoid it.
Legal literary thefts? : negotiating the distinction between imitation and plagiarism in the seventeenth century
