http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26876 interior architecture
interior architecture
Domus : numero 683 : monthly review of architecture interiors design art
The Handbook of Interior Design
Wood houses = Le bois en architecture - innovations esthétique = Häuser aus Holz = Van hout gebouwd = Casas de madera = Case di legno = Casas de madeira = Trähus
Hotel buildings : construction and design manual
Tara Hamling examines decorative features from historic houses throughout England and Scotland and identifies a significant but overlooked trend in the history of British art. She reveals a widespread fashion for large-scale religious imagery in houses owned by the gentry and prosperous middle classes during the period 1560-1660 which is interpreted in relation to life in the 'godly' household. The book is copiously illustrated with narrative imagery in wall painting, plasterwork, carved wood and stone and a range of objects including furniture, textiles and ceramics. The character of this 'decorative' art is explored in relation to the functions of rooms in the early modern domestic interior with a focus on how religious imagery might inform and support spiritual activities taking place within the home. The visual evidence throughout the book is supported by extracts from contemporary texts to elucidate the meanings of imagery for its original audience.
Twelve examples of the Korean house style, traditional on the exterior and in use of natural materials but with contemporary interiors.
Living on the water
Eesti kunstiakadeemia Sisearhitektuuri osakond 2004-2005 = Estonian academy of art department of interior architecture 2004-2005
Classical decoration of the 1920's
Caribbean style
California luxury living : a private tour
How to live in small spaces : design, furnishing, decoration, detail for the smaller home
Asylum of the birds
Living in Japan
Romantic French homes
The world of interiors : a decoration book
Houses of Asia = Casas asiáticas = Case asiatiche
Design poiesis : an inquiry on outcomes in the use of method and methodology
Decorative art and modern interiors 1977. Vol. 66
Inside Africa : north & east
Eesti kunstiakadeemia Sisearhitektuuri osakond 2006-2008 aastaraamat = Estonian academy of art department of interior architecture yearbook 2006-2008
Interiors by design : advice and inspiration from the professionals
DECORATIVE ART IN MODERN INTERIORS. VOL. 61
Wood has been a traditional construction material for centuries all over the world, as it still is in many places today. Now there is a growing interest in using wood in modern residential architecture. Architects today are drawn to it for a variety of reasons including its sustainability, versatility, economy, and natural beauty. As a result, this environmentally sustainable material is becoming increasingly significant in today's domestic architecture. Wood, intrinsically beautiful in all of its forms, can be used in practically any part of the construction from a heavy structural frame to finely detailed cabinetry, and from flooring to roof shingles. These volumes document wood used in different buildings and constructions. Each house profile is illustrated with the architect's own plans and elevations and also numerous full color interior and exterior photographs that highlight the natural appeal of wood.
Physical work environment & informal communication
Place advantage : applied psychology for interior architecture
The American house today : 85 notable examples
Architecture from Scandinavia : engineering - construction - materials
Space within : reshaping the home for contemporary living
Leading "the simple life" : the arts and crafts movement in Britain, 1880-1910
Interior design and architecture: critical and primary sources. [Volume 2], Sensory engagement
Domus : numero 626 : monthly of architecture interiors design art
Infinite space : contemporary residential architecture and interiors
Service-dominant logic in the spatial design of a school : spatial concept for school as a service project in Espoo
The Japanese house : architecture and interiors
Interiors now
A photographic compilation of bars and restaurants that focus on giving their patrons the best possible hospitality. Includes material and architechtural details, and floor plans.
Bali home : inspirational design ideas
Key interiors since 1900
The interior design : reference + specification book
500 cabinets : a showcase of design & craftmanship
Wood has been a traditional construction material for centuries all over the world, as it still is in many places today. Now there is a growing interest in using wood in modern residential architecture. Architects today are drawn to it for a variety of reasons including its sustainability, versatility, economy, and natural beauty.
The New Apartment book
Wallpaper : design, interiors, fashion, art, lifestyle
Lumitecture : illuminating interiors for designers & architects
The fundamentals of interior architecture
Form and structure in interior architecture
Interior design visual presentation : a guide to graphics, models and presentation techniques
Living in China
Lighting for a beautiful home
Architectural and interior models : design and construction
Bathroom ideas you can use : secrets & solutions for freshening up the hardest-working room in your house
Hanok : the Korean house
Textiles in architecture : materials suppliers for building and construction
Classic style
The office idea book : creative solutions that work
Interior design and architecture: critical and primary sources. [Volume 4], Public interaction
Room acoustics
The white home : creating rooms you love to live in
Interior design and architecture: critical and primary sources. [Volume 3], Cinematic expectation
The Saue manor-house : finding new programs
Gallery of Charles XI at the Royal Palace of Stockholm - in perspective
The English country house
Interior design and architecture: critical and primary sources. [Volume 1], Design awareness
Living in Tuscany = Vivre en Toscane
Kitchen ideas you can use : inspiring designs & clever solutions for remodeling your kitchen
Modern furniture and decoration : House & Garden
Izklaides interijeri Rīgā : izstādes katalogs = The entertainment interiors in Riga, The catalogues of exhibition
Volume 2: South Africa, Cameroon, Nigeria, Benin, Togo, Ghana, Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast, Niger, Mali, Senegal, Mauritania.
Decorating the 'godly' household : religious art in post-reformation Britain
Arts & crafts houses
Volume 1: Morocco, Tunisia, Egypt, Kenya, Tanzania, Seychelles, Mauritius, La Reunion, Botswana.
Wood : holz | bois
Living in Morocco = Vivre en Maroc
Table flowers
Enhancing the spatial experience : interweaving textile, human and architecture
Arhitektura kurorta Picunda = Architecture of Pitsunda health-resort = L' architecture de la station balnéaire Pitsounda = Architektur des Kurortes Pizunda
The Design hotels book : original hoteliers, influential designers and architects, and a curated collection of 289 independent hotels worldwide
Planning architecture : dimensions and typologies
Sisearhitektuuri osakond 2002-2003 = Department of interior architecture 2002-2003
Pornotopia : an essay on Playboy's architecture and biopolitics
Divided by you : creating flexible walls with functions
Farewell to the interior architect?
Inside Africa. Volume I & II, North & east, South & west
Decorative art and modern interiors. Volume 67, 1978
This book showcases the most beautiful and interesting instances of the use of wood in international architecture and interior design in the 21st century. The 40 projects presented in this volume exemplify the specific character of the material, construction details, new technology as well as the diversity of the theme. - Back cover.
Restaurant and bar design III
Tiny house floor plans : over 200 interior designs for tiny houses
Aarne Ervi's offica community as seen by the interior designer Lasse Ollinkari
Bamboo is also known as "vegetable steel" due to its strength and extreme lightness. Craftsmen, architects, engineers, designers and distributors from around the world have collaborated in this selection of fifty constructions and over sixty product designs.
A handbook for interior designers
London living
Aalto : architecture and furniture
Roman art in the private sphere : new perspectives on the achitecture and decor of the domus, villa, and insula
Great interiors
Sri Lanka style : tropical design and architecture
The fundamentals of interior design
Brand spaces : branded architecture and the future of retail design
The handbook of interior architecture and design
Medieval & Renaissance interiors in illuminated manuscripts
ManuSkript : essentials for the everyday use of interior architects and designers
Domestic institutional interiors in early modern Europe
3D for graphic designers
Wallpaper
Scandinavian home : a comprehensive guide to mid-century modern Scandinavian designers
Loft design : solutions for creating a livable space
Yhteiskunnallinen korkeakoulu = Socialhögskola = The school of social sciences
Bars, clubs & lounges
Color in space : brightening it up
Creative living : London
The book of lofts
