http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26879 art workshops
art workshops
Clay connections ; innovative ceramics lessons that make connections to the elementary school curriculum & seasonal calendar
Contemporary self-portraits. Me as me
A dialogue with glass
Heart of practice : within the Workcentre of Jerzy Grotowski and Thomas Richards
The Art of Blacksmithing
#We are the käpytalists!# : Rahkeen karistamo, Eno, 10. - 19.9.2010 / Liisa Haverila
Keitaita joutomaalle : Driftwood - EASA European Architecture Student Assembly, työpaja : Oases on wasteland : Driftwood - EASA European Architecture Student Assembly, workshop
Street art : the new generation : [Pori Art Museum, Finland, 10.02.2012 - 27.05.2012 : Kunsthallen Brandts, Denmark, 14.09.2012 - 25.11.2012] / [editor Lene Burkard & Pia Hovi-Assad ; text Esko Nummelin, Lars Grambye, Pia Hovi-Assad, Lene Burkard, Birgitte Kjøller, Mirja Ramstedt-Salonen & Katrine Ring]
Contemporary self-portraits
Japan-Finland workshop
Runoteltta = The Poem tent
Tsrtezhi 19. veka u Srbiji : katalog zbirke Kabineta grafike Narodnog muzeja, Beograd = Nineteenth century drawings in Serbia : catalogue of the collection from the Graphic Arts Cabinet of the National Museum in Belgrade / Vanja Kraut
Do it yourself, do it together / Piia Laita
I as Me is a making-of detailing the project 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS, which was part of the official programme of Turku European Capital of Culture 2011. The project opened up a new outlook on self-portraits and autobiographical writing to all who are interested in making, studying or using art – especially for art students in higher education and those intrigued by the empowering aspects of art. The project was coordinated by the Arts Academy of Turku University of Applied Sciences. This book is based on the Finnish work Omakuva on jokaisen kuva (A Self-Portrait is a Portrait of Everyone, 2011), which was published as part of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project. Some of the articles have been expanded, and also a lot of makingof material has been added, including interviews of the participants, artwork from the exhibitions, new workshop methods and other miscellaneous documentation. In this book, workshop leaders, participants, artists and researchers discuss their own ways to view, access and create self-portraits as well as autobiographical writing. Additionally, I as Me contains a wide selection of self-portraits made in numerous workshops of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project, creating a fascinating period piece. Self-Portrait is diverse and personal -- (Takakansi)
Connection Barents [Elektroninen aineisto] / Katarina Eismann
IMIAD 2011 : international workshop 30.08.2011 - 16.09.2011
Ultima thule : northern environment and art project
Musical encounters
Between science and drawings : Renaissance architects on Vitruvius's educational ideas
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Culture in the neighbourhood : an Afro-European interaction 1998-2001 = Culture de quartier : une interaction Afrique - Europe 1998-2001 = Kulttuuria lähelläsi : afrikkalais-eurooppalainen vuorovaikutusprojekti 1998-2001
Contemporary self-portraits. Children make their mark
Who's the storyteller? : extracts from the seminar discussions
Open field : conversations on the commons / edited by Sarah Schultz and Sarah Peters
IMIAD  : Istanbul 2007 : international workshop
Give Me a Re•s8n: Three Cycles of Dialogical Art-based Action Research to Support a Community of Volunteers Who Work With Migrants
Spektakel Stadt = City spectacle : Workshop und Ausstellung = workshop and exhibition ; Württembergischer Kunstverein Stuttgart
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits / [editor: Ilona Tanskanen ; editorial team: Taina Erävaara ... [et al.] ; photographs: Vesa Aaltonen ... [et al.] ]
Tamarind : forty years / edited by Marjorie Devon
Killer fashion revolution : combining peace education with participatory art and design
Abstract.
The glass artist's studio handbook : traditional and contemporary techniques for working with glass
URB on tour in Pirkanmaa : urban culture flourishes on the silver screen
Exercises for rebel artists : radical performance pedagogy
5 - the dish
Pasilan konepaja-alue, Aleksis Kiven katu 27-33 : veturien värileikki = Pasila machine workshop area housing : the colour play of train engines
Collage in the classroom
Ink, paper, metal, wood : painters and sculptors at Crown Point Press
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits
40/40 young architects from Finland
Grafiikan paja = Graphic workshop
IMIAD 2009 : moments in the Cowgate
Contemporary self-portraits. Féin-phortráidí conhaimiseartha
Pioneer of the studio glass movement : Dale Chihuly's workshop at Nuutajärvi, Finland
Community music : a handbook
Contemporary self-portraits. Kaasaegne autoportree = Современый автопотрет = Contemporary self-portrait
The Brueg[h]el phenomenon : paintings by Pieter Bruegel the Elder and Pieter Brueghel the Younger : with a special focus on technique and copying practice 1-3 / Christina Currie and Dominique Allart
A storm of glass : Vittorio Ferro of Murano visits Nuutajärvi
IMIAD  international workshop 05. - 18.9.1010 : constructing atmosphere
The renaissance workshop / edited by David Saunders, Marika Spring and Andrew Meek
Baltic Stone Symposium 2013
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
Glimpses of the workshop / Kalle Hamm
IMIAD Workshop, Lahti 2008
Decorative and sculptural ironwork : tools, techniques, inspiration
