http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26859 male homosexuality
male homosexuality
Sexuality studies
Gay Bombay : globalization, love and (be)longing in contemporary India
"Junior year is going to be the best ever for slacker Mike until he loses his girlfriend, gets roped into school activities, and becomes totally confused about his sexual orientation after sharing a drunken kiss with a guy." / Library of Congress.
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
The lesbian and gay studies reader
Rrose is a Rrose is a Rrose : gender performance in photography
Survey -- Inverted Histories: 1885-1979 / Richard Meyer -- Inside the Body Politic: 1980-present -- Works -- Thresholds (1885-1909) -- Stepping Out (1910-29) -- Case Studies (1930-49) -- Closet Organizers (1950-64) -- Into the Streets (1965-79) -- Sex Wars (1980-94) -- Queer Worlds (1995-present) -- Documents -- Thresholds (1885-1909) -- Stepping Out (1910-29) -- Case Studies (1930-49) -- Closet Organizers (1950-64) -- Into the Streets (1965-79) -- Sex Wars (1980-94) -- Queer Worlds (1995-present).
In this memoir of the AIDS years (1981-1996) in New York, CUNY Professor of English Sarah Schulman recalls how much of the queer culture, cheap rents, and virbrant downtown arts movement vanished almost overnight, replaced by gay conservative spokespeople and mainstream consumerism. Schulman takes us back to her Lower East Side and brings it to life, sharing vivid memories of her avant-garde queer friends and recreating the early years of the AIDS crisis as experienced by a political insider. Interweaving personal reminiscence with analysis, Schulman details her experience as a witness to the loss of a generation's imagination and the consequences of that loss.--From publisher description.
"A haunting novel of erotic obsession by a major new talent On an unseasonably warm autumn day, an American teacher walks down a stairwell beneath Sofia's National Palace of Culture, looking for sex. Among the stalls of a public bathroom he encounters Mitko, a charismatic young hustler. He returns to Mitko again and again over the next few months, and their trysts grow increasingly intimate and unnerving as the enigma of this young man becomes inseparable from that of his homeland, a country with a difficult past and an uncertain future. What Belongs to You is a stunning debut about an American expat struggling with his own complicated inheritance while navigating a foreign culture. Lyrical and intense, it tells the story of a man caught between longing and resentment, unable to separate desire from danger, and faced with the impossibility of understanding those he most longs to know"--
Tom house : [Tom of Finlad in Los Angeles]
A book for gay and bisexual people on how to build happy, secure lives and relationships, and a call-to-arms for society to protect and nurture young people, regardless of their sexual orientation. Written by Matthew Todd, editor of the UK's biggest-selling gay magazine, Straight Jacket is a revolutionary guide for gay men which began life as an article in Attitude magazine.
No Straight Lines showcases major names such as Alison Bechdel, Howard Cruse, and Ralf Koenig, as well as high-profile, cross-over creators who have dabbled in LGBT cartooning, like legendary NYC artist David Wojnarowicz and media darling and advice columnist Dan Savage. No Straight Lines also spotlights many talented creators who never made it out of the queer comics ghetto, but produced amazing work that deserves wider attention. Until recently, queer cartooning existed in a parallel universe to the rest of comics, appearing only in gay newspapers and gay bookstores and not in comic book stores, mainstream bookstores or newspapers. The insular nature of the world of queer cartooning, however, created a fascinating artistic scene. LGBT comics have been an uncensored, internal conversation within the queer community, and thus provide a unique window into the hopes, fears, and fantasies of queer people for the last four decades. These comics have forged their aesthetics from the influences of underground comix, gay erotic art, punk zines, and the biting commentaries of drag queens, bull dykes, and other marginalized queers. They have analyzed their own communities, and their relationship with the broader society.
Gay directors, gay films? : Pedro Almodóvar, Terence Davies, Todd Haynes, Gus Van Sant, John Waters
No Straight Lines : four decades of queer comics
Whatever : a novel
More than four decades after the start of the gay liberation movement, lesbians and gay men can legally marry, adopt children, and enjoy the same rights and respect as heterosexuals... or can they? In Straight expectations, Julie Bindel tracks the changes in the gay community in the last 40 years and asks whetehr fighting for the right to marry has achieved genuine progress, or whether the new legal rights have neutered a once-radical social movement. - Drawing on extensive original research into changing attitudes towards sexuality, as well as interviews with scientists examining the 'gay gene', gay liberation pioneers, religious figures and key players of all political persuasions, Straight expectations asks: Is sexual orientation learned or latent? Do lesbians and gay men have anything in common? Have we now reached a stage where the 'only gay in the village' mentality no longer has any place in UK society? What can we learn from the battles being fought internationally?
A little gay history : desire and diversity across the world
Top 250 LGBTQ books for teens : coming out, being out, and the search for community
No straight lines : four decades of queer comics
Straight expectations : what does it mean to be gay today?
The velvet rage : overcoming the pain of growing up gay in a straight man's world
The gentrification of the mind : witness to a lost imagination
New queer cinema : the director's cut
Wagstaff, before and after Mapplethorpe : a biography
Because I have a voice : queer politics in India
The best man
Gay Gotham : art and underground culture in New York
Sam Wagstaff, the legendary curator, collector, and patron of the arts, emerges as a cultural visionary in this groundbreaking biography in which Wagstaff's largely overlooked influence on the world of contemporary art and photography, and on the evolution of gay identity in the latter part of the twentieth century, is portrayed.
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
Bringing together forty-two groundbreaking essays--many of them already classics--The Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader provides a much-needed introduction to the contemporary state of lesbian/gay studies, extensively illustrating the range, scope, diversity, appeal, and power of the work currently being done in the field. Featuring essays by such prominent scholars as Judith Butler, John D'Emilio, Kobena Mercer, Adrienne Rich, Gayle Rubin, and Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick, The Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader explores a multitude of sexual, ethnic, racial, and socio-economic experiences. Ranging across disciplines including history, literature, critical theory, cultural studies, African American studies, ethnic studies, sociology, anthropology, psychology, classics, and philosophy, this anthology traces the inscription of sexual meanings in all forms of cultural expression. Representing the best and most significant English language work in the field, The Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader addresses topics such as butch-fem roles, the cultural construction of gender, lesbian separatism, feminist theory, AIDS, safe-sex education, colonialism, S/M, Oscar Wilde, Gertrude Stein, children's books, black nationalism, popular films, Susan Sontag, the closet, homophobia, Freud, Sappho, the media, the hijras of India, Robert Mapplethorpe, and the politics of representation. It also contains an extensive bibliographical essay which will provide readers with an invaluable guide to further reading.
The paperboy
The complete Kake comics
The invisibles : vintage portraits of love and pride
Speak my language and other stories
What belongs to you
Has everyone always been in love with you? Of course they have, who am I kidding? What did they say about Helen of Troy? That her face launched a thousand ships? That's you, you're that beautiful. A thousand ships' New York City in the eighties, and at its decadent heart is Guy. The darling of Fire Island's gay community and one of New York's top male models, Guy is gliding his way to riches that are a world away from his modest provincial upbringing back home in France. Like some modern-day Dorian Gray he seems untouched by time: the decades pass, fashions change, yet his beauty remains as transcendent and captivating as ever. Such looks cannot help but bring him adoration. From sweet yet pathetic Fred to the wealthy and masochistic Baron, from the acerbic and cynical Pierre-Georges to Andre, fabricating Dali fakes and hurtling towards prison and the abyss, all are in some way fixated on him.
