http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26819 dental implants
dental implants
The 2002 dental implant yearbook
Nordic dentistry 2003 : yearbook
"Peri-Implant Therapy for the Dental Hygienist is a comprehensive guide for implant history, prosthetic designs, and patient selection including oral systemic health and risk assessment. The text also discusses pre-surgical procedures, communicating with patients about implant dentistry, in-office maintenance protocols, plus new innovative home-care options to ensure success of the implant and overall health of the patient. An essential tool for dental hygienists to prepare to take on this very important challenge in the profession, Peri-Implant Therapy for the Dental Hygienist is a valuable resource for the entire dental team"--Provided by publisher.
Motivation
Immediate loading of implants in the edentulous maxilla
Tooth carving manual
Clinical periodontology and implant dentistry
Influence of edentulousness on the masticatory system and treatment using conventional and osseointegrated prostheses
Periodontitis and peri-implantitis biomarkers in human oral fluids and the null-allele mouse model
The art of the smile : integrating prosthodontics, orthodontics, periodontics, dental technology, and plastic surgery in esthetic dental treatment
Quintessence of dental technology 2016
Safety and morbidity of intra-oral zygomatic bone graft harvesting : development of a novel bone harvesting technique
Phillips' science of dental materials
A selection of the newest materials and best fabrication techniques for esthetic restorative results are elegantly presented in QDT 2016. Original articles on minimally invasive procedures, CAD/CAM, difficult cases, and the ever-challenging transition zone take center stage this year. The State of the Art article features full-mouth esthetic rehabilitation of the severely worn and compromised dentition, and the Biomaterials Update focuses on self-etching primer as an alternative to strong hydrofluoric and porcelain etching. Rounding out the issue is a special feature on achieving excellence in portrait photography, courtesy of Naoki Aiba.
Human neutrophil collagenase MMP-8 in peri-implant sulcus fluid and its inhibition by clodronate
The 2000 dental implant yearbook
Oral Actinomyces species in health and disease : identification, occurrence and importance of early colonization
Unidirectional fiber-reinforced composite as an oral implant abutment material : experimental studies of E-glass fiber/BisGMA-TEGDMA polymer in vitro
Applications of orthodontic mini implants
Denture teeth & acrylics : materials, processing, tips and tricks
Development of porous glass-fiber reinforced composite for bone implants : evaluation of antimicrobial effect and implant fixation
A comparative prospective clinical study of two single-tooth implants : a preliminary report of 102 implants
Outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment
Bioactive glass as a bone substitute material in oral and maxillofacial surgery
The influence of certain processing factors on the durability of yttrium stabilized zirconia used as dental biomaterial
The 1995 dental implant yearbook
Adverse host tissue responses in loosening of dental implants : proteolytic enzymes and peri-implant tissue destruction
The palatal orthodontic implant : healing process, clinical application, biomechanics, success, risk factors, indications and limits
The retention of a complete denture and the patient’s adaptation varies considerably among different individuals. Resorption of the edentulous alveolar ridge differs greatly and some patients need implant-retained overdentures to enable adequate retention of their prostheses. In some extreme cases it is necessary to increase the volume of the alveolar ridge with bone grafts. The aim of this study was to examine the outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment conducted in Oulu University Hospital. The aim was also to assess the impact of treatment on oral health-related quality of life and patient satisfaction.The study group was comprised of patients treated with a mandibular or maxillary implant overdenture and a group of patients with extreme mandibular bone resorption treated with extraoral bone grafts and implants. The treatments were performed in 1985–2013 thus also providing long-term results.The results of this study showed predictable and successful treatment outcomes also among elderly patients and in severe situations with bone deficiency. The most frequent complication in the clinical follow-up was loosening of the retention mechanism, commonly noted in other previous studies. Despite some minor mechanical defects in prosthetic structures or mild mucosal inflammation around the implants, they did not hinder everyday use of the prostheses. Neither the number of supporting implants nor the connection type seemed to have a great impact on patient satisfaction. Older patients with a mandibular overdenture seemed to be most satisfied. In conclusion, treatment with implant overdentures seems to be successful also in the long-term.
Clinical periodontology and implant dentistry. Vol. 2 , Clinical concepts
The 1997 dental implant yearbook
Development of craniofacial bone defect reconstruction implant based on fibre-reinforced composite with photopolymerisable resin systems : experimental studies in vitro and in vivo
Peri-implant therapy for the dental hygienist : clinical guide to maintenance and disease complications
Fiber-reinforced composite as oral implant material : experimental studies of glass fiber and bioactive glass in vitro and in vivo
Challenging nature : wax-up techniques in aestehetics and functional occlusion
Jaw cyst matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and inhibition of MMPs by bisphosphonates
Precision milling and partial denture constructions : a manual
Implant restorations : a step-by-step guide
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Esthetic & restorative dentistry : material selection & technique
Principles of design and fabrication in prosthodontics
Evaluation of the biocompatibility of poly (ortho ester), copolymer of [epsilon]-caprolactone/D,L-lactide and the composite of copolymer of [epsilon]-caprolactone/D,L-lactide and tricalciumphosphate as bone filling material
Clinical periodontology and implant dentistry. Vol. 2
On healing of titanium implants in xenografts
Register of dental implants.
Novel biomaterials in prosthodontics and implantology and clinically relevant aspects on occlusion : programme and abstract book
Medical applications of additive manufacturing in surgery and dental care
Fundamentals of esthetic implant dentistry
Leakage and permeability control in dentistry : the key for success
