http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26832 reading experiences
reading experiences
What makes this book so great
Thoreau's ecstatic witness
Everything is happening : journey into a painting
"Sequential art combines the visual and the narrative in a way that readers have to interpret the images with the writing. Comics make a good fit with education because students are using a format that provides active engagement"--
Everything is wonderful : memories of a collective farm in Estonia
Reading for learning : cognitive approaches to children's literature
After atheism : religion and ethnicity in Russia and Central Asia
Studying e-books and reading experiences in ethnology
Ein Volk, ein Reich: nine lives under the Nazis
Evidence-based librarianship : case studies and active learning exercises
About islands and oranges : nostalgia at play in the work of Juhani Seppovaara
Knock : the Virgin's apparition in nineteenth-century Ireland
The road taken : narratives from Lapland
Does it matter? : essays on man's relation to materiality
In 1993, Sigrid Rausing, a young student working on a PhD in Anthropology, went to spend a year living in Estonia, a remote Baltic State that had just gained independence from the recently collapsed Soviet Union. Armed with a notebook, rudimentary Estonian, and a clunky laptop, she arrived in the peninsula of Noarootsi, on Estonia's north-western tip, and made her way to the village of Purksi, the place that would be her home for the next twelve months.
Narrative ethics
"What makes a work of literature good or bad? How freely can the reader interpret it? Could a nursery rhyme like Baa Baa Black Sheep be full of concealed loathing, resentment and aggression?In this accessible and delightfully entertaining book, Terry Eagleton addresses these intriguing questions and a host of others. How to Read Literature is the book of choice for students new to the study of literature and for all other readers interested in deepening their understanding and enriching their reading experience. In a series of brilliant analyses, Eagleton shows how to read with due attention to tone, rhythm, texture, syntax, allusion, ambiguity and other formal aspects of literary works. He also examines broader questions of character, plot, narrative, the creative imagination, the meaning of fictionality, and the tension between what works of literature say and what they show. Unfailingly authoritative and cheerfully opinionated, the author provides useful commentaries on Classicism, Romanticism, Modernism and Postmodernism alongside spellbinding insights into a huge range of authors, from Shakespeare and Jane Austen to Samuel Beckett and J. K. Rowling."--Inside dust jacket.
Karelian exodus : Finnish communities in North America and Soviet Karelia during the Depression era
Religious experience and the modernist novel
Äidit & lapset : Mother & child
Touch the untouchable : looking for the Finnish identity
"A gorgeously unique, fully illustrated exploration into the phenomenology of reading--how we visualize images from reading works of literature, from one of our very best book jacket designers, himself a passionate reader. What do we see when we read? Did Tolstoy really describe Anna Karenina? Did Melville ever really tell us what, exactly, Ishmael looked like? The collection of fragmented images on a page--a graceful ear there, a stray curl, a hat positioned just so--and other clues and signifiers helps us to create an image of a character. But in fact our sense that we know a character intimately has little to do with our ability to concretely picture our beloved--or reviled--literary figures. In this remarkable work of nonfiction, Knopf's Associate Art Director Peter Mendelsund combines his profession, as an award-winning designer; his first career, as a classically trained pianist; and his first love, literature--he considers himself first and foremost as a reader--into what is sure to be one of the most provocative and unusual investigations into how we understand the act of reading"--
Pilgrimage : the English experience from Becket to Bunyan
[Tiivistelmä]: Reflections of an austere monolith.
Towards a children's literature reading list : a case study in an English-medium elementary school in Finland
The novel : a survival skill
Soul on fire
How to read literature
The mystic fable. Volume 1, The sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
To Afghanistan and back : a graphic travelogue
Darkness visible : a memoir of madness
The man who saw Helsinki
Through whose eyes? : exploring racism : reader, text and context
Death in the Victorian family
Direction North : a view of Finland
Reading Style : a Life in Sentences
Audiobooks, literature, and sound studies
Our harsh logic : Israeli soldiers' testimonies from the occupied territories, 2000-2010
Book clubs : women and the uses of reading in everyday life
The black hole of Auschwitz
Hitlerland : American eyewitnesses to the Nazis rise to power
Children's achievement behaviors in relation to their skill development and temperament
On a quest for authenticity to an imaginary place : a narrative analysis of the experiences of British literary tourists
Claudette Colvin : twice toward justice
What makes us travel and keep on talking about it
Embracing death : exploring dear death experiences
On behalf of the Emperor, on behalf of the fatherland : Finnish officers and soldiers of the Russian Imperial Life-Guard on the battlefields of Poland, 1831.
Hitler's rise to power, Germany's march to the abyss, as seen through the eyes of Americans--diplomats, military, expats, visiting authors, Olympic athletes--who watched horrified and up close. By tapping a rich vein of personal testimonies, Hitlerland offers a startlingly fresh perspective on this heavily dissected era. Some of the Americans in Weimar and then Hitler's Germany were merely casual observers, others deliberately blind; a few were Nazi apologists. But most slowly began to understand the horror of what was unfolding, even when they found it difficult to grasp the breadth of the catastrophe. The most perceptive of these Americans helped their reluctant countrymen begin to understand the nature of Nazi Germany as it ruthlessly eliminated political opponents, instilled hatred of Jews and anyone deemed a member of an inferior race, and readied its military and its people for a war for global domination.
The to do list
Rethinking learning for a digital age : how learners are shaping their own experiences
Entangled subjects : indigenous/Australian cross-cultures of talk, text, and modernity
The shelf : from LEQ to LES
The experientiality of narrative : an enactivist approach
Graphic novels and comics in the classroom : essays on the educational power of sequential art
Notes from a big country
Reading Victorian schoolrooms : childhood and education in nineteenth-century fiction
Aspiration to work : an analysis of obstacles for employment experienced by foreign professionals in Finland
Distant lands and diverse cultures : the French experience in Asia, 1600-1700
In America : travels with John Steinbeck
Curiosity has been seen through the ages as the impulse that drives our knowledge forward and the temptation that leads us toward dangerous and forbidden waters. The question "Why?" has appeared under a multiplicity of guises and in vastly different contexts throughout the chapters of human history. Why does evil exist? What is beauty? How does language inform us? What defines our identity? What is our responsibility to the world? In this book, Alberto Manguel's most personal work to date, the author tracks his own life of curiosity through the books that have mapped his way. Manguel chooses as his guides a selection of writers who sparked his imagination in new directions. He dedicates each chapter to a single thinker, scientist, artist, or other figure who demonstrated in a fresh way how to ask "Why?" Leading us through a full gallery of inquisitives, among them Thomas Aquinas, David Hume, Lewis Carroll, Rachel Carson, Socrates, and, most importantly, Dante, Manguel affirms how deeply connected our curiosity is to the readings that most astonish us, and how essential to the soaring of our own imaginations.
Re-reading/ La relecture : essays in honour of Graham Falconer
An essay concerning human understanding. 1-2
Stuff I've been reading
Reading and the reader
Through the eyes of innocents : children witness World War II
Power of reading : from Socrates to Twitter
Red veil white gown : Finnish-Chinese culture exchange project
Console wars : Sega, Nintendo and the battle that defined a generation
A Spiritual canticle of the soul and the bridegroom Christ
Helene : dialogi kahdelle ihmiselle = dialogue for two
Understanding religious experiences : what the Bible says about spirituality
Silent music : the life, work, and thought of Saint John of the Cross
Heaven is for real
Ein Volk, ein Reich : nine lives under the nazis
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Studying comics and graphic novels
The Bosnia list : a memoir of war, exile, and return
Baal's priests : the loyalist clergy and the English Revolution
Out of the tower : essays on culture and everyday life
What we see when we read : a phenomenology ; with illustrations
The Cambridge companion to literature and religion
A global guide to interfaith : reflections from around the world
'The novel: a survival skill' offers a completely new account of the relationship between writer, text, and reader. Drawing on ideas from systemic psychology and positioning theory, Parks suggests that both the content and style of a novelist's work, the kind of stories told, and the way in which they are told, form part of a more general strategy of suvival that the novelist has developed in reaponse to tensions within his or her family of origin. Radically undermining traditional lit-crit criteria, and deconstructing the pieties with which the novel is usually defended, Parks gives a novelist's own insider account of what may be best understood as the biography of the act of writing itself and its relation to the lives with which it is entwined.
"An illustrated exploration into the phenomenology of reading"--
Maths and stats for Web analytics and conversion optimization
Why I read : the serious pleasure of books
The memory of the eyes : pilgrims to living saints in Christian late antiquity
Holocaust testimonies : the ruins of memory
This introduction to studying comics and graphic novels is a structured guide to a popular topic. It deploys new cognitive methods of textual analysis and features activities and exercises throughout. Deploys novel cognitive approaches to analyze the importance of psychological and physical aspects of reader experience. Carefully structured to build a sequenced, rounded introduction to the subject. Includes study activities, writing exercises, and essay topics throughout. Chapters cover popular sub-genres such as autobiography and literary adaptation.
"The role of maths and statistics in the world of web analytics is not clear to many marketers...This book as been written to fill this knowledge gap"--page 17.
Curiosity
"A young survivor of the Bosnian War returns to his homeland to confront the people who betrayed his family. At age eleven, Kenan Trebincevic was a happy, karate-loving kid living with his family in the quiet Eastern European town of Brcko. Then, in the spring of 1992, war broke out and his friends, neighbors and teammates all turned on him. Pero - Kenan's beloved karate coach - showed up at his door with an AK-47, screaming: "You have one hour to leave or be killed!"  Kenan's only crime: he was Muslim. This poignant, searing memoir chronicles Kenan's miraculous escape from the brutal ethnic cleansing campaign that swept the former Yugoslavia. After two decades in the United States, Kenan honors his father's wish to visit their homeland, making a list of what he wants to do there. Kenan decides to confront the former next door neighbor who stole from his mother, see the concentration camp where his Dad and brother were imprisoned and stand on the grave of his first betrayer to make sure he's really dead. Back in the land of his birth, Kenan finds something more powerful-and shocking-than revenge"--
The re-do list (gag reel) ; Deleted scenes ; Commentary with director Maggie Carey and Bill Hader ; Dirty mouth featurette ; Maggie Carey: directing her to-do list
A novel's guide to the world : a transactional response analysis on Douglas Adams' novel The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy
This book features case studies and active learning exercises related to using evidence-based approaches in several types of academic libraries. Evidence-based librarianship is important to practicing librarians, library science students, and library science educators as it focuses on applying practice-based evidence gleaned from users, direct observation, and research.
The instant of my death
"Phyllis Rose embarks on a grand literary experiment--to read her way through a random shelf of library books, LEQ-LES. Can you have an Extreme Adventure in a library? Phyllis Rose casts herself into the wilds of an Upper East Side lending library in an effort to do just that. Hoping to explore the "real ground of literature," she reads her way through a somewhat randomly chosen shelf of fiction, from LEQ to LES. The shelf has everything Rose could wish for--a classic she has not read, a remarkable variety of authors, and a range of literary styles. The early nineteenth-century Russian classic A Hero of Our Time by Mikhail Lermontov is spine by spine with The Phantom of the Opera by Gaston Leroux. Stories of French Canadian farmers sit beside those about aristocratic Austrians. California detective novels abut a picaresque novel from the seventeenth century. There are several novels by a wonderful, funny, contemporary novelist who has turned to raising dogs because of the tepid response to her work. In The Shelf, Rose investigates the books on her shelf with exuberance, candor, and wit while pondering the many questions her experiment raises and measuring her discoveries against her own inner shelf--those texts that accompany us through life. 'Fairly sure that no one in the history of the world has read exactly this series of novels,' she sustains a sense of excitement as she creates a refreshingly original and generous portrait of the literary enterprise"--
Literacy, lives and learning
How do readers experience literary narrative? Drawing on narrative theory, cognitive science, and the philosophy of mind, this book offers a principled account of the dynamics underlying readers' responses to narrative. Through its interdisciplinary approach, this study combines close readings of literary texts and theoretical discussion in ways that shed light on the deep connection between narrative, literary fiction, and human experience.
The power of reading : insights from the research
Lion among roses : a memoir of Finland
Rebecca Mead was a young woman in an English coastal town when she first read George Eliot's Middlemarch, regarded by many as the greatest English novel. After gaining admission to Oxford, and moving to the United States to become a journalist, through several love affairs, then marriage and family, Mead read and reread Middlemarch. The novel, which Virginia Woolf famously described as "one of the few English novels written for grown-up people," offered Mead something that modern life and literature did not. In this wise and revealing work of biography, reporting, and memoir, Rebecca Mead leads us into the life that the book made for her, as well as the many lives the novel has led since it was written. Employing a structure that deftly mirrors that of the novel, My Life in Middlemarch takes the themes of Eliot's masterpiece--the complexity of love, the meaning of marriage, the foundations of morality, and the drama of aspiration and failure--and brings them into our world. Offering both a fascinating reading of Eliot's biography and an exploration of the way aspects of Mead's life uncannily echo that of Eliot herself, My Life in Middlemarch is for every ardent lover of literature who cares about why we read books, and how they read us.
Angus Buchan's ordinary people
Demons and the making of the monk : spiritual combat in early Christianity
Invalidism and identity in nineteenth-century Britain
Farangi girl : growing up in Iran : a daughter's story
