http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2681 renovation building (activity)
renovation building (activity)
Eco house manual
A house in the high hills
Housing defects reference manual : the building research establishment defect action sheets
Architectural tiles : conservation and restoration
New Bodleian : making the Weston Library
"Building defects still continue to plague the construction industry. The lessons learned over the last forty years have not been fully applied. Many new or refurbished buildings still leak or crack. Lack of awareness by designers and installers as to the main mechanisms that trigger such failures remains a problem for the industry. Investigating and rectifying building failures form a major part of building surveyors' bread and butter work. This book provides guidance on this work for typical residential, commercial and industrial buildings - with advice on how to diagnose a wide range of defects with an emphasis on evidence based practice throughout. It considers both modern and older construction methods, together with new and traditional materials. The particular problems of alteration and renovation work are also discussed. The first four chapters provide information and guidance on the methodology for investigating failures - how to prepare for and conduct an investigation into a building defect and subsequently diagnose its cause in a logical manner. This fourth edition has been updated and expanded to cover the latest diagnostic procedures and research. It also includes new Appendices and a new Bibliography, and provides an extensive list of books on building pathology and related topics in the UK and North America. Essential reading for all students and practitioners interested in building surveying and building conservation"--
Les Moulins de la Meuse, Namur : patrimoine et création en Wallonie : patrimonium en creatie in Wallonië : heritage and creativity in Wallonia
New trends in renovating
Creative re-use of buildings. Vol. 2, Building types : selected examples
Defects in buildings : symptoms, investigation, diagnosis and cure
Cost action C5 "urban heritage-building maintenance" lime technology workshop Stockholm : conference proceedings
Refurbishment of Estonian detached houses : in light of a survey of a hundred housing objects
Walls & molding : how to care for old and historic wood and plaster
Reborn buildings
Light steel framing in renovation : roof-top extensions, internal walls and over-cladding
First aid repair to traditional farm buildings
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Lofts & apartments in NYC
Structural renovation of buildings : methods, details, and design examples
Renewal of inner city areas : restoration of historical city centres, urban redevelopment, reconstruction of destroyed or damaged urban centres
Book of lofts
World cultural heritage a global challenge : documentation on the International Symposium in Hildesheim/Germany 23.02.-01.03.1997
Sewers : replacement and new construction
Roofing, weatherproofing & insulation
The complete book of decorating techniques
Conservation of timber buildings
Building change-of-use : renovating, adapting, and altering commercial, institutional, and industrial properties
Protection of historical monuments in Poland
Conservation in the built environment
Conserving buildings : guide to techniques and materials
Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings information sheet
Classification of demand for refurbishment projects : a generic theory with empirical confirmation based on a Finnish sample of private sector housing refurbishment in Oulu
The technology of building defects
A market analysis of single-house renovation services in Finland : a customer-oriented service and business development
The complete guide to a green home : the good citizen's guide to earth-friendly remodeling & home maintenence
Fabric improvements for energy efficiency in traitional buildings
The Historic Scotland International Lime Conference 1995.
Conservation of brick
Preparation and use of lime mortars : an introduction to the priciples of using lime mortars
The repair of historic buildings : advice on principles and methods
Eco-house manual
VAT and historic buildings
The complete home makeover book
Renovation of Ventilation and Air-conditioning System in Old Russian Museums
Conserving buildings : a manual of techniques and materials
External lime coatings on traditional buildings
The design of renovations
Building renovation and recycling
Practical building conservation : English Heritage technical handbook. Vol. 1, Stone masonry
The sustainable home : the essential guide to eco building, renovation and decoration
Veniceland Atlantis : the bleak future of the world's favourite city
Use of the Finnra Bridge Repair Manual in bridge repair work
Sustainable preservation : greening existing buildings
Executive summary.
Adding extra load bearing capacity to reinforced concrete
beams
Renovating for profit : add value to your property with this definitive guide
Wooden boat renovation : new life for old boats using modern methods
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Strategic plan for the implementation of energy efficient renovation and construction in Northern parts of Russia
The repair of wood windows
Saving old buildings
Practical green remodeling : down-to-earth solutions for everyday homes
Understanding historic building conservation
Country living
Research programme on renovation 1986-1988 : final report
Architectural conservation : principles and practice
Small lofts
New life for old churches
The Painted Bathroom : stylish transformations with paint, tiles, wood, and glass
Structural investigation of historic buildings : a case study guide to preservation technology for buildings, bridges, towers, and mills
Architecture reborn : the conversion and reconstruction of old buildings
The static restoration of monuments : basic criteria-case histories, strengthening of buildings damaged by earthquakes
Geared to perfection
Building codes for existing and historic buildings
Architecture in existing fabric : planning, design, building
Conservation of historic buildings
Building surveys and reports
Practical building conservation, Concrete
Sustainable architecture, including: autonomous building, sustainable development, passive solar building design, green roof, natural building, green building, low-energy house, passive house, renovation, deconstruction (building), enviroboard, duo-gard
Restoring old houses
Conservation of plasterwork : a guide to the principles of conserving and repairing historic plasterwork
Renovating old houses : bringing new life to vintage homes
Mortars in Old Structures
Is timber treatment always necessary? : an introduction for homeowners
The Michelin building : published to celebrate the reopening
Practical building conservation : English heritage technical handbook. Vol. 4, Metals
Kalmar domkyrka i nytt ljus : restaureringen 2005-2011 = Kalmar Cathedral in new light : the conservation, 2005-2011
Structures & construction in historic building conservation
Conversion of traditional buildings : application of the Scottish building standards. Part 2, Application
The environmental control of dry rot
Sustainable building conservation : theory and practice of responsive design in the heritage environment
Wooden architecture in Karelia : a collaboration programme for the preservation of the traditional Karelian timber architecture
Refurbishment and repair in construction
Creative re-use of buildings. Vol. 1, Principles and practice
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance of current building stock in Scandinavia and Russia
Sustainable housing reconstruction : designing resilient housing after natural disasters
Remedial treatment of buildings
Kulttuuria Alvarin siiloon = A cultural use for Alvar's silo
A study on repair and maintenance management of public school building in Kathmandu district (Nepal)
Circus museum - urban renovation
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Existing buildings – technologies and challenges for residential and commercial use
New living in old houses
A better place to live : reshaping the American suburb
Lee's building maintenance management
Renovating barns, sheds and outbuildings
Corrosion in masonry clad early 20th century steel framed buildings
Understandin housing defects
Facilitating change : towards resident-oriented housing modernisation with collaborative design
Building maintenance and preservation : a guide for design and management
Tallinn's Seaplane hangar : from plane shed to museum
Testing of energy calculation program for energy renovations in modular buildings
The old energy requirements of Scandinavian have come to a transition period. They are little by little being updated to stricter regulations. One reason is the increased  amount of emissions causing global warming. Cramo has taken the challenge of energy efficiency seriously and is ready to make changes to one of their product lines which is modular buildings. Cramo's main  market area is Scandinavia and due to its northern location the energy consumptions  of the buildings are also the biggest. This thesis gathers basic information on Scandinavian energy regulations and with the help of the computer program VIP+ it provides calculation results concerning the energy consumption of modular buildings in Sweden and Norway. It also introduces a few improvement ideas to the existing fleet. The heat losses of two types of modular buildings, used in Finland have also been  calculated with Excel -based control calculation.
The restoration of old houses
Transformed buildings
Building surveys
The restoration manual : an illustrated guide to the preservation and restoration of old buildings
Caring for your historic house
Popular mechanics : Helsinki
A new life with wood
Old house eco handbook : a practical guide to retrofitting for energy-efficiency & sustainability
Refurbishment and repair accounts for approximately 50% of annual construction turnover. It is therefore essential that practitioners and those students who aspire to work in this sector are equipped with the best tools to do the job. This book has been produced to fill that gap in construction literature. The nature of refurbishment and repair is different from new build since it is necessary to work within the constraints of an existing situation. The structure may have been built to standards not recognised today. Guidance is provided to deal with such situations and how to assess the residual life of a refurbished or repaired building. It is essential for those involved in this type of work to have knowledge of the structure under consideration. Failiure to investigate the history of existing developments may add considerably to the cost of construction, and in an extreme circumstance, structural collapse and loss of life. This book proceeds logically through the reasons to consider refurbishment and repair and offers advice on risks, discovery, contracts, materials, learning from the past and legal restraints. Best practice is illustrated by a series of case studies. Extensive bibliographies have been provided to assist those with the need for further research.
Conversion of traditional buildings : application of the Scottish building standards. Part 1, Principles and Practice
Classic Swedish interiors
Old house handbook : a practical guide to care and repair
Renovation and Energy Evaluation : Viipurinpuisto Residential Project
Maintenance of historic buildings : a practical handbook
Brickwork : repair and restoration
Understanding building failures
Manual for dismantling, documenting and rebuilding historic tiled stoves : Sustainable Heritage report no. 3
The King's barn : a renovation project
Case studies of traditional lime harling : a discussion document
Pinella - Transformation : "east meets west"
The visual handbook of building and remodeling : a comprehensive guide to choosing the right materials and systems for every part of your home
Development of a new methodology to analyse the durability of facade repair and retrofitting systems : final report. Volume 1, Task 1 : deterioration defects and repair methods of facades
Practical building conservation : English Heritage technical handbook. Vol. 3, Mortars, plasters and renders
The repair of timber frames and roofs
Sustainable renovation : strategies for commercial building systems and envelope
Lofts
Renovation building
Historic houses restored and preserved
Venice : extraordinary maintenance
Building cost index
Windows : history, repair, and conservation
Renovated houses = Case rinnovate
Ancient and modern mortars in the restoration of historical buildings
Nordic project on recoating of facades : summarizing report
Materials & skills for historic building conservation
The conservation centre : Masterplan
Maintaining and repairing old houses : a guide to conservation, sustainability and economy
Heritage in the digital era
Concrete Repair, Rehabilitation and Retrofitting II
Historic churches : the conservation and repair of ecclesiastical buildings
The viability of rehabilitated apartment buildings : a feasibility study method for building rehabilitation projects developed by action research
Converted spaces : Convertis l'Espace, Verwandelte Räume
Customer-oriented renovation and modernization process for multistory apartment buildings
Residential construction problem solver
Concrete : building pathology
Repair, protection and waterproofing of concrete structures
