http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26849 recycled fibres
recycled fibres
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Abstract.
Ecotextiles : the way forward for sustainable development in textiles
Recyclability of thermomechanical pulp fibres
Impact of waste-to-energy on the demand and supply relationships of recycled fibre
Indian paper and board industry expanding
Improving the material efficiency of furnishes in papermaking by stratification and chemical modifications
Disintegration of packaging material : an experimental study of approaches to lower energy consumption
Papermaking science and technology. Book 3, Forest products chemistry
Harmful residues in recycled fibre-metals and compounds
Second skin : choosing and caring for textiles and clothing
Paper recycling in an increasingly environmentally conscious world is gaining importance. Increased recycling activities are being driven by robust overseas markets as well as domestic demand. Recycled fibers play a very important role today in the global paper industry as a substitute for virgin pulps. Paper recovery rates continue to increase year after year Recycling technologies have been improved in recent years by advances in pulping, flotation deinking and cleaning/screening, resulting in the quality of paper made from secondary fibres approaching that of virgin paper. The process is a lot more eco-friendly than the virgin-papermaking process, using less energy and natural resources, produce less solid waste and fewer atmospheric emissions, and helps to preserve natural resources and landfill space. Currently more than half of the paper is produced from recovered papers. Most of them are used to produce brown grades paper and board but for the last two decades, there is a substantial increase in the use of recovered papers to produce, through deinking, white grades such as newsprint, tissue, market pulp. By using recycled paper, companies can take a significant step toward reducing their overall environmental impacts. This study deals with the scientific and technical advances in recycling and deinking including new developments. It covers in great depth all the aspects of recycling technologies. It covers the latest science and technology in recycling. It provides up-to-date, authoritative information and cites many mills experiences and pertinent research. It includes the use of biotech methods for deinking, refining and improving drainage.
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Recycling textile and plastic waste
Sustainable textiles : life cycle and environmental impact
Recycling and deinking of recovered paper
Papermaking science and technology. Book 17, Pulp and paper testing
Tufted carpet : textile fibers, dyes, finishes, and processes
Changes in the furnish composition of paper and paperboard produced in Finland and western Europe and their impact of raw material demand
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fibre and deinking
Surface chemistry of fibres and vessel elements in chemical and recycled pulps
Papermaking science and technology. Book 5, Mechanical pulping
Mixed waste turned into paper in a day
"Not ugly" : system approach for sustainable fashion design
Biorenewable resources : engineering new products from agriculture
