http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26861 trematoda
trematoda
Connection between temperature, larval production, virulence and geographical distribution of Rhipidocotyle parasites infecting the duck mussel, Anodonta anatina
Histology of five Cercariae (Trematoda: Malacocotylea)
A widespread but hidden scourge
Evolutionary ecology of complex life cycle parasites : from genotypes to species assemblages
Swimming through troubled waters : eutrophication of the Baltic Sea and parasites of the threespine stickleback
On the ecology of two Rhipidocotyle species (Digenea: Bucephalidae) from two Finnish lakes
The neuro-muscular system in trematodes : from larvae to adult
Sustainable production of healthy fish : tackling parasitic threats with knowledge on their ecology
Transmission of Diplostomum spathaceum between intermediate hosts
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Larval trematodes of India. Pt. 2, Parapleurolophocerca and echinostome cercariae
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Larval trematodes of India. Pt. 1, Amphistome cercarie
Studies on Finnish larval flukes : with a list of known Finnish adult flukes (Trematoda: Malacoctylea)
"Digenetic trematodes constitute a major helminth group that parasitize humans and animals, and are a major cause of morbidity and mortality. The diseases caused by trematodes have been neglected for years, especially as compared with other parasitic diseases. However, the geographical limits and the populations at risk are currently expanding and changing in relation to factors such as growing international markets, improved transportation systems, and demographic changes. This has led to a growing international interest in trematode infections, although factors such as the difficulties entailed in the diagnosis, the complexity of human and agricultural practices, the lack of assessments of the economic costs, or the limited number of effective drugs are preventing the development of control measures of these diseases in humans and livestock. In-depth studies are needed to clarify the current epidemiology of these helminth infections and to identify new and specific targets for both effective diagnosis and treatments. The main goal of this book is to present the major trematodes and their corresponding diseases in the framework of modern parasitology, considering matters such as the application of novel techniques and analysis of data in the context of host-parasite interactions and to show applications of new techniques and concepts for the studies on digenetic trematodes. This is an ideal book for parasitologists, microbiologists, zoologists, immunologists, professional of public health workers, clinicians, and graduate and post-graduate students." -- (Back Cover)
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Platyhelminthes. Vol. 1, Trematoda
Genotypic and phenotypic variation in transmission traits of a complex life cycle parasite
