http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26886 iOS
iOS
iOS games by tutorials
Creating 3D game art for the iPhone with unity : featuring modo and Blender pipelines
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
iOS programming : the Big Nerd Ranch guide
The main aim of this thesis was to describe how a single UI code could be used in different operating systems. The objective in this thesis was to bring out the main key points how a hybrid HTML5 application can be implemented by using iOS’s NSWebView and Android’s WebView components as a container for a hybrid application. This thesis also describes how a data transfer is done between HTML, JavaScript and native code. As a starting point, a hybrid application was implemented in both Android and iOS platforms. I wanted to implement an application, which would give value for the end users. I studied some time for open web APIs and found out that Finnkino Movie Company was providing a free XML API for their services and the application idea was found. I interviewed some of my friends about the functional needs for the application and also about how the UI should look like. The application itself was designed to use only one platform specific native WebView component. The User Interface was built with the HTML elements and JavaScript because the UI should look the same in both platforms. In my application the native code handles the XML data parsing from the Finnkino’s web API and sends the parsed data to the calling JavaScript function, which will then place the data into the HTML elements dynamically. When the application was completed, all the differences between the platforms were studied and documented into this thesis. As a result iOS’s NSWebView and Android’s WebView components provide a good support for a hybrid application development with some minor differences. The main difference is the performance and how responsive the UI is in these platforms. From the development point of view, I see a great opportunity to implement mobile applications with a web technology, as it is a fast evolving environment introducing new possibilities for the developers in a very fast phase. And from the business point of view, I can see a great opportunity for smaller companies, or individual developers because with a single effort the application UI can be created for multiple platforms and this saves money and resources.
iOS programming : the big nerd ranch guide
Effective ways of marketing iOS apps with limited or zero budget, Case study: Kajak Games
Cisco IOS cookbook
User interface design for iOS camera application : project: designing gif video camera application
Beginning iOS game center and game kit : for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
Learn HTML5 and JavaScript for iOS
Unity iOS game development : develop iOS game from concept to cash flow using Unity
iOS 6 in practice
Campesato presents this guide to using HTML5 for mobile programming, giving instruction with a mix of prose and code. A general introduction to the intersection of HTML5 and mobile is followed by specific chapters on storage and databases, CSS3, meta tags, and media queries. PhoneGap, device access, and design and debugging of mobile apps are discussed. An introduction to jQuery Mobile is followed by an overview of other HTML5 technologies, and a final chapter on internet access and mobile apps. The included DVD contains code samples that can be electronically copied rather than manually transcribing from print, movies, and appendices to the topics of jQuery and Android.
Comparing Google’s Android and Apple’s iOS Mobile Software Development Environments
Designing an augmented reality application on the iOS
Music apps for musicians and music teachers
Making musical apps
Provides information on creating a variety of applications for the iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad using standard iOS elements.
Pehr Brahe Software Laboratory at Oulu University of Applied Sciences has researched how computer aided systems could be used to assist and prolong elderly people’s living at home. One result of their efforts is an implementation of a ubiquitous home environment server engine, the UbiHomeServer. The UbiHomeServer’s user interface is specifically designed to be clear, simple and easily approachable for elderly and not technology-aware persons. To allow a flexible, place and time independent and convenient usage, the UI needed to be adapted to mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets. The objective of this thesis was to study the features of a few currently widely used mobile platforms to find out their applicability for this kind of application, and to implement a prototype application using one of the studied platforms. The thesis work was started by studying the research results achieved by the UbiHomeServer team, among which the requirements for the mobile platform and application were gathered. During the platform study the main information sources were application design and development guides and reference documentation provided by platform manufacturers. The main result of this thesis is a fully functional Android application which operates as a user interface to a ubiquitous home environment, allowing the user to interact with a variety of service providers and support personnel. The application which was developed is used by test persons in the field tests of a ubiquitous home environment. Later, when developing similar application on other platforms, for example iOS and Windows Phone, the application and this thesis can be used as a reference.
Beginning iOS 4 application development
iOS application security : the definitive guide for hackers and developers
Pages, keynote & numbers for OS X and iOS
Programming with mobile applications : Android, iOS, and Windows Phone 7
Introducing iOS 8 : [swift programming from idea to app store]
Getting started with React Native : learn to build modern native Ios and Android applications using JavaScript and the incredible power of React
Learn Lua for iOS game development
Want to design and develop iOS apps, but have little or no programming experience? This practical guide will show you how. By eliminating the jargon and simplifying programming into everyday concepts, you'll learn how to use the basic building blocks necessary to build apps for iOS devices
HTML5 iPhone web application development : an introduction to web-application development for mobile within the iOS Safari browser
Geolocation in iOS
The mobile application hacker's handbook
iOS 8 programming fundamentals with Swift : Swift, Xcode, and Cocoa basics
Multimobile development : building applications for the iPhone and Android platforms
The Web designer's guide to iOS apps : create iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad apps with Web standards : HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript
Pushing the limits iOS 7 programming : developing extraordinary mobile apps for Apple iPhone®, iPad®, and iPod touch®
Learn GameSalad for iOS : game development for iPhone, iPad, and HTML5
Learning Objective-C 2.0 : a hands-on guide to Objective-C for Mac and iOS developers
How to do everything. iCloud
Learn to use Apple's iCloud services with Mac, PC and iOS devices.
"The world loves iOS. Users love the convenience. Black hats love the vulnerability. This book arms you with the knowledge and tools to protect your organization's iOS devices. If you're a developer, it will also help you create hack-resistant applications."--P. [4] of cover--
iOS 9 Swift programming cookbook
iOS game development : developing games for iPad, iPhone, and iPod Touch
Game and graphics programming for iOS and Android with OpenGL ES 2.0
iPad multiplayer magic
Mobile devices : tools and technologies
The motif of Io in Aeschylus' Suppliants
Developing an edutainment game for the iPhone : case study: Rockway App
iOS 5 programming cookbook
Sams teach yourself iCloud in 10 minutes
Flash Mobile
Cisco IOS Network Security
Pro OpenGL ES for iOS
Updated and expanded for the new Apple iOS8, The Business of iOS App Development, Third Edition shows you how to incorporate marketing and business savvy into every aspect of the design and development process, giving your app the best possible chance of succeeding in the App Store. This book is written by experienced developers with business backgrounds, taking you step-by-step through cost-effective marketing techniques that have proven successful for professional iOS app creators?perfect for independent developers on shoestring budgets. No prior business knowledge is required. The phenomenal success of the iPhone, iPad and the iPod touch have ushered in a "gold rush" for developers, but with well over a million apps in the highly competitive App Store, it has become increasingly difficult for new apps to stand out in the crowd. Achieving consumer awareness and sales longevity for your iOS app requires a lot of organization and some strategic planning. This is the book you wish you had read before you launched your first app!
iOS 6 programming cookbook
CCNP flash cards and exam practice pack : CCNP self-study
iOS wow factor : apps and UX design techniques for iPhone and iPad
"Maximize the latest iCloud capabilities. This all-new edition of How To Do Everything : iCloud fully covers iCloud's versatile features and offers step-by-step directions on how to use each one, including Shared Photo Streams, the iWork for iCloud apps, and iCloud Keychain. You'll learn how to set up iCloud, transfer and sync app-specific data, documents, files, photos, music, and other content among your computers and iOS mobile devices; use iCloud with your Mac, iPhone, iPad, iPad mini, and iPod touch; migrate from Apple MobileMe to iCloud; learn new iCloud features, including Shared Photo Streams, iWork for iCloud online apps, iCloud Keychain, and much more; manage your digital music library and iTunes purchases with iCloud; use the Premium iTunes Match service; store and manage your digital photos with My Photo Stream; share your digital images with others using iCloud's Shared Photo Streams; sync files and documents among computers and iOS devices; manage and sync your Safari bookmarks, reading list, and passwords using iCloud and iCloud Keychain; work with iWork for iCloud; learn about other cloud-based services Sync and share apps, app-related data, and eBooks among iOS mobile devices and your computer(s); back up your iPhone and iPad with iCloud Stream Apple TV content to your HD TV; locate a Lost Mac, iPhone, iPad or iPod touch with iCloud's Find My... feature; manage your iCloud email account; troubleshoot iCloud-related problems"--
iOS 7 programming cookbook
Learning iPad programming : a hands-on guide to building iPad apps
Cross platform application development with HTML5 for iOS and Android operating systems
Want to turn your mobile device into a musical instrument? Or equip your game with interactive audio, rather than canned samples? You can do it with Pure Data (Pd), an open source visual programming environment that lets you manipulate digital audio in real time. This concise book shows you how to use Pd--with help from the libpd library--as an easily embeddable and widely portable sound engine. Whether you're an audio developer looking to create musical apps with sophisticated audio capabilities, or an application developer ready to enhance mobile games with real-time procedural audio, Making Mu.
Developing C# apps for iPhone and iPad using MonoTouch : iOS apps development for .net developers
Learning mobile app development : a hands-on guide to building apps with iOS and Android
Beginning iOS6 development : exploring the iOS SDK
Learn Unity 4 for iOS game development
The Business of iOS App Development : For iPhones, iPads and iPod touches
iOS 8 for programmers : an app-driven approach with Swift. Volume 1
Web animation using Javascript : develop and design
Game and graphics programming for iOS and android with OpenGL ES 2.0
Ipad at work for dummies
iOS 6 programming : pushing the limits
Appcelerator Titanium : up & running
Comparing buying decision processes between smartphone consumers : case Android, iOS and Windows Phone
Sophocles' Inachus
The core iOS 6 developer's cookbook
Implementing Cisco IOS network security (IINS 640-554) : foundation learning guide
iPad : the missing manual
iPhone & iPad for musicians for dummies
How to do everything : iCloud
Advanced iOS 4 programming : developing mobile applications for Apple iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
Mobile user interface to a ubiquitous home environment
Implementing Cisco IOS network security (IINS)
Kids play : designing a touch screen game with children
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
iOS 7 programming fundamentals : Objective-C, Xcode, and Cocoa basics
Mobile game for iPhone: Underwater
Beginning iOS 5 Application Development
iOS game development cookbook
HTML5 mobile for Android and iOS : pocket primer
iPad for dummies
iOS hacker's handbook
If you're considering integrating the use of an iPad at work, this hands-on guide shows you step-by-step how to quickly and effectively create and interact with office documents and systems.
iPad For Dummies
iOS 8 swift programming cookbook : solutions & examples for iOS apps
Learning iPad programming : a hands-on guide to building iPad apps with iOS 5
iOS 9 SDK Development : creating iPhone and iPad apps with Swift
Learning Swift : build a solid foundation in Swift to develop smart and robust iOS and OS X applications
Learning iCloud data management : a hands on guide to structuring data for iOS and OS X
iCloud : for iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac, and Windows
This book shows how to create three-dimensional games for the iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. With the help of step-by-step project examples, discover how to use Unity with Xcode, how to optimize the game for both speed and quality, how to test and profile the game, and how to get the most out of iOS device features.
Head first iPhone and iPad development
MPLS configuration on Cisco IOS software
CCNA: Cisco Certified Network Associate : study guide
Xcode 4 unleashed
