http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26934 niobium
niobium
Microstructure and properties of reversion treated low-Ni high-Mn austenitic stainless steels
Thermodynamic analysis of the binary systems Cu-Cr, Cu-Nb and Cu-V
Single and Double Beta-Decay Q Values among the Triplet 96Zr, 96Nb, and 96Mo
Fabrication, electrical characterization and 1/f noise study of submicron-sized superconducting tunnel junctions
Applications and non-idealities of submicron Al–AlOx–Nb tunnel junctions
In this thesis, the influence of reversion and recrystallization annealing on microstructure and mechanical properties was studied in metastable austenitic low-Ni high-Mn stainless steels, some alloyed with up to 0.45 wt.% Nb. Further, the effect of the various microstructures created by reversion and recrystallization on strain-induced martensite transformation in tensile testing was investigated. The aim was to achieve excellent combinations of strength and ductility in the steels and to improve understanding of the behaviour of ultrafine-grained austenitic stainless steels during deformation. All the steels were cold-rolled up to 60% thickness reduction producing up to 60% strain-induced α'-martensite in the austenitic structure. Annealing was carried out using a Gleeble thermomechanical simulator between 450–1100 °C for durations of 0.1–1000 s. The resultant microstructures were examined using different research equipment and methods. Regardless of the amount of Nb alloying, shear- and diffusion-controlled reversion could be completed by annealing at 700 °C, although at this temperature no recrystallization of the untransformed cold-rolled austenite occurred. At 800 °C, however, the cold-rolled austenite recrystallized, producing a non-uniform grain structure comprising ultrafine-grained areas formed via reversion and coarser ones formed by recrystallization of the retained austenite. At 900 °C, a uniform fine austenite grain size of about 2 μm was obtained. At higher annealing temperatures of 1000–1100 °C, normal grain growth of fine grains took place during prolonged annealing in steel with no Nb. However, grain growth was effectively retarded by alloying with 0.28 wt.% Nb. The non-uniform structures consisting of reverted and retained austenite exhibited excellent combinations of yield strength and uniform elongation. The results also showed that tensile strain-induced martensite nucleation sites and α'-martensite formation vary in a complex way depending on grain size.
