http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26982 statuettes
statuettes
Carving the little guys : easy techniques for beginning woodcarvers
Interpreting Judean pillar figurines : gender and empire in Judean apotropaic ritual
Cold smell, white touch and the beautiful braille : a multisensory approach to visual art
Judean Pillar Figurines regularly appear in discussions about Israelite religion, monotheism, and female practice. Erin Darby uses Near Eastern texts, iconography, the Hebrew Bible, and the archeology of Jerusalem to explore figurine function, the gender of figurine users, and the relationship between Judean figurines and the Assyrian Empire.
New acquisitions by the Ateneum Art Museum : the original models of Eila Hiltunen's Sibelius monument
Carving Fish : Miniture Salt & Freshwater
Carl Fabergé : goldsmith to the Imperial court of Russia
Anthropomorphic representations in the cucuteni-tripolye culture
Italian renaissance bronzes / Anthony Radcliffe
"This book examines ancient figurines from several world areas to address recurring challenges in the interpretation of prehistoric art"--
Fabergé : Court Jeweler to the Tsars
Black Africa : masks, sculpture, jewelry
Making and using working drawings for realistic model animals
Interpreting ancient figurines : context, comparison, and prehistoric art
Ville Vallgrenin objets d'art-tuotanto 1890-luvulla = Ville Vallgrens objets d'art på 1890-talet = Ville Vallgren's objets d'art of the 1890s / Marja Supinen
Ex voto : votive giving across cultures
3:2 : the ontology of photographs in the phase of a new imagination
"This book examines ancient figurines from several world areas to address recurring challenges in the interpretation of prehistoric art. Sometimes figurines from one context are perceived to resemble those from another. Richard G. Lesure asks whether such resemblances play a role in our interpretations. Early interpreters seized on the idea that figurines were recurringly female and constructed the fanciful myth of a primordial Neolithic Goddess. Contemporary practice instead rejects interpretive leaps across contexts. Dr. Lesure offers a middle path: a new framework for assessing the relevance of particular comparisons. He develops the argument in case studies that consider figurines from Paleolithic Europe, the Neolithic Near East, and Formative Mesoamerica"--
The Graeco-Roman terracotta figurines of Finland and their collectors / Leena Pietilä-Castrén
Constructions to be lost / Pessi Rautio
Art and craft in Africa : everyday life ritual court art
Isn't s/he a doll? : play and ritual in African sculpture
Traditional Chinese toggles : counterweights and charms
VI. Budapesti Nemzetközi Kisplasztikai Kiállítás '84 : szeptember 6 - október 28, 1984, Mücsarnok, Budapest = 6th International Small Sculpture Exhibition of Budapest '84 : 6 September - 28 October 1984, Palace of Exhibition, Budapest
Art deco sculpture and metalware
