http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26961 neuroanatomy
neuroanatomy
Atlas of neuroanatomy for communication science and disorders
This second edition of volume 3 in the Thieme Atlas of Anatomy series now covers anatomy of the neck as well as anatomy of the head and neuroanatomy. It includes over 200 stunning new anatomic illustrations as well as a substantial number of additional clinical correlations. Descriptions of anatomic structures and their relationships to one another, along with information on the development of the structures, anomalies, and common pathologies, appear in every chapter.
Handbook of chemical neuroanatomy. Vol. 21, Dopamine
The soul in the brain : the cerebral basis of language, art, and belief
Now fully revised and updated, this leading ICT series volume offers concise, superbly illustrated coverage of neuroanatomy that throughout makes clear the relevance of the anatomy to the practice of modern clinical neurology. Building on the huge success of previous editions, Neuroanatomy ICT, fifth edition is designed and written primarily with the medical student in mind, although it will again be valued by the range of other students and professionals who need a clear, current understanding of this important area. Minimum assumptions are made of existing knowledge of the subject. This edition now comes with an enhanced electronic version - hosted on the new, improved Student Consult platform - providing an even richer learning experience and rapid reference anytime, anywhere!
Thieme atlas of anatomy. Vol. 3 / head, neck, and neuroanatomy
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. vol. 3, Head, neck, and neuroanatomy
Thieme atlas of anatomy : head and neuroanatomy
Neuroanatomy : an illustrated colour text
Gray's clinical neuroanatomy : the anatomic basis for clinical neuroscience
Handbook of chemical neuroanatomy. Vol. 16, Peptide receptors, part I
Liebman's neuroanatomy made easy and understandable
Handbook of chemical neuroanatomy. Vol. 20, Peptide receptors, part 2
"Focusing on the anatomic concepts that speech-language pathology students must master, Atlas of Neuroanatomy for Communication Science and Disorders is a user-friendly guide to the neural basis of human communication and brain-based disorders. With this book, students will acquire a full understanding of the basic anatomy and physiology of human communication; the neural mechanisms controlling speech, language, cognition, and swallowing functions; the anatomic underpinnings of speech-language disorders of the nervous system and related communication impairments; and much more. Features an extraordinary, full-color visual library of labeled anatomic illustrations, from Thieme's world-renowned Atlas of Anatomy Series"--Provided by publisher.
Dawn of the neuron : the early struggles to trace the origin of nervous systems
Why humans like to cry : tragedy, evolution, and the brain
"In science, sometimes it is best to keep things simple. Initially discrediting the discovery of neurons in jellyfish, mid-nineteenth-century scientists grouped jellyfish, comb-jellies, hydra, and sea anemones together under one term--"coelenterates"--and deemed these animals too similar to plants to warrant a nervous system. In Dawn of the Neuron, Michel Anctil shows how Darwin's theory of evolution completely eradicated this idea and cleared the way for the modern study of the neuron. Once zoologists accepted the notion that varying levels of animal complexity could evolve, they began to use simple-structured creatures such as coelenterates and sponges to understand the building blocks of more complicated nervous systems. Dawn of the Neuron provides fascinating insights into the labours and lives of scientists who studied coelenterate nervous systems over several generations, and who approached the puzzling origin of the first nerve cells through the process outlined in evolutionary theory. Anctil also reveals how these scientists, who were willing to embrace improved and paradigm-changing scientific methods, still revealed their cultural backgrounds, their societal biases, and their attachments to schools of thought and academic traditions while presenting their ground-breaking work. Their attitudes toward the neuron doctrine--where neurons are individual, self-contained cells--proved decisive in the exploration of how neurons first emerged. Featuring photographs and historical sketches to illustrate this quest for knowledge, Dawn of the Neuron is a remarkably in-depth exploration of the link between Darwin's theory of evolution and pioneering studies and understandings of the first evolved nervous systems."--Dust jacket.
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. [vol. 3], Head, neck, and neuroanatomy
Clinical neuroanatomy : a neurobehavioral approach
Lippincott's pocket neuroanatomy
