http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26931 school lunch
school lunch
Cultivating childhood obesity
Kitchen Princess. 5
Tandem cookbook : on the tip of the tongue
Summary: Student health survey 2000 : a national survey among Finnish university students.
The Best of Perho : is published in honour of the 60th anniversary of the Helsinki Culinary School
Debates in design and technology education
Routledge international handbook of food studies
Parenting practices, family characteristics and daily health behaviours and their changes in 10-11-year old children
Food and health in early childhood : a holistic approach
Eat smar - farm fresh! : a guide to buying and serving locally-grown produce in school meals
Pre-school children's food habits and meal situation : factors influencing the dietary intake at pre-school in a Swedish municipality
Food in contemporary society
Kitchen Princess. 2
Kitchen Princess. 3
Kitchen princess. 1
Sensory and food related perceptions of 8-, 9-, 10- and 11-year-old school children : baseline measurements
Food allergies and hypersensitivities among children in South Karelia : occurrence, inheritance and seasonality
Culinary arts and sciences IV : global and national perspectives
Talli : [cookbook]
Promoting dietary change : intervening in school and recognizing health messages in commercials
Nutrition and child health
Kitchen Princess. 4
Psychological well-being and psychiatric disorders in 14- to 15-year-old Finnish school girls and boys with overweight and obesity
Healthy eating in schools : evidence-based interventions to help kids thrive
The school food revolution : public food and the challenge of sustainable development
A monster helping of Horrid Henry
Chickens cant see in the dark
Kitchen Princess. 7
On-site foodservice management : a best practices approach
Kitchen princess. 2
Pinkalicious : school lunch
Jewish folkways in Germanic lands (1648-1806) : studies in aspects of daily life
A new deal for school gardens
Brain food : recipes for success in school, sports, and life
Attack of the demon dinner ladies
Women in towns : the social position of European urban women in Helsinki in a historical context
Nordic network NTP : healty choices
Natural history of celiac disease-associated antibodies and progression to overt disease in children at increased genetic risk
The material child : growing up in consumer culture
For early years students and practitioners, this title provides a comprehensive overview of food and eating covering all areas of food and nutrition. It includes details on policy development, healthy eating guidelines, promoting healthy eating, and multi-professional working.
Kitchen Princess. 1
The Cambridge companion to modern Japanese culture
Where to invade next
Women in towns : the social position of European urban women in a historical context
CosmoGirl 250 things you can do to green the world
Kitchen Princess. 6
Biliary atresia : treatment results and native liver function
The world of catering : English for professionals
Childhood coeliac disease in Estonia, prevalence in atopic dermatitis and immunological characterisation of coexistence
Adolescents' participation and agency in food education
School and health 21, 3/2008 : social and health aspects of health education = Škola a zdraví pro 21. století (3) : sociálni a zdravotni aspekty výchovy ke zdravi
Food and beverage management
Recipes and tips for the celebration
Biochemical changes in inborn and acquired errors of metabolism
Children's food practices in families and institutions
School dining in Finland : learning and well-being
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
Horrid Henry and the zombie vampire
