http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26977 microalgae
microalgae
Biotechnological applications of microalgae : biodiesel and value-added products
Wastewater organisms : a color atlas
Biodiversity and phylogeny of planktic cyanobacteria in temperate freshwater lakes
The cyanobacteria : molecular biology, genomics and evolution
Ecological aspects of used-water treatment. Vol. 1, The organisms and their ecology
Nutrient enrichment and water depth modify consumer control in rocky shore macroalgal communities
CO2 biofixation by microalgae : modeling, estimation and control
Environmental microbiology : a laboratory manual
Fast- and drift-ice communities in the Bothnian Bay and the impact of UVA radiation on the Baltic Sea ice ecology
Bioremediation of Heavy Metals by using the Microalga Desmodesmus Subspicatus
Freshwater microbiology : biodiversity and dynamic interactions of microorganisms in the aquatic environment
Molecular characterisation of cyanobacterial genera Anabaena, Aphanizomenon, Microcystis and Planktothrix
Journal of applied phycology
Quantification of toxin biosynthesis genes in cyanobacteria and dinoflagelletes : genetic factors as predictors of toxin production in the environment
Toxins and biologically active compounds from microalgae. Volume 1, Origin, chemistry and detection
Toxin production by freshwater cyanobacteria : effects of environmental factors
Microalgae as a feedstock for biofuels
Sea-ice ecology in the Baltic Sea with special emphasis on bacteria
Nitrogen-fixing cyanobacterial bloom potential in estuaries
Genetic diversity and microcystin production by Anabaena in the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
"This book represents the Proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium, held in Reykjavík, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002. The main themes of the symposium were Migrations and Dispersal of Marine Organisms. These themes are highly relevant today. There is widespread man-aided dispersal (e.g. by ballast water) of marine plants and animals, which may have substantial effects on the regions receiving new species. The new introductions may result in reduced diversity of plants and animals and may affect natural resources in the countries receiving toxic algae and other foreign elements. Studies of changes in distribution and dispersal of marine animals and plants are also highly relevant with reference to the changing climate taking place. The study of dispersal has recently gained new impetus with the discovery of the remarkable communities found on isolated hydrothermal vents and cold water seeps in the world's oceans." -- (julkaisija)
Taxonomy and ecology of microalgae in marine and brackish water environment : proceedings of a Nordic symposium sponsored by the Nordic Council for Marine Biology, August 24-31, 1978, Tvärminne Zoological Station, Finland
"The book gives an in-depth analysis of microalgal biology, ecology, biotechnology and biofuel production capacity as well as a thorough discussion on the value added products that can be generated from diverse microalgae. It summarizes the state of the art in microalgal biotechnology research, from microalgal strain selection, microbiology, cultivation, harvesting, and processing. Contributors from the US, Africa, Asia, South America, and Europe cover microalgal physiology, biochemistry, ecology, molecular biology, and more"--
Soil biology
Microalgal cultivation and utilization in sustainable energy production
Heterotrophic bacteria associated with cyanobacteria in recreational and drinking water
The effects of environmental factors on biomass and microcystin production by the freshwater cyanobacterial genera Microcystis and Anabaena
Migrations and dispersal of marine organisms : proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium held in Reykjavik, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002
Toxins and biologically active compounds from microalgae. Volume 2, Biological effects and risk management
Toxic cyanobacteria in Finnish fresh waters and the Baltic Sea
Bioethanol is a biofuel that can be produced from microalgae by fermenting the sugars extracted from the microalgae biomass. Spirulina maxima is a cyanobacteria specie that can be forced to accumulate high concentrations of carbohydrates under stress conditions. The sugars can be extracted from Spirulina maxima efficiently by hydrolysis processes. In this research enzymatic and acid pretreatments were combined with thermal hydrolysis to extract sugars and transform polysaccharides to monosaccharides. The sugar mainly present in Spirulina maxima is glucose. Saccharomyces cerevisiae is an yeast that is able to ferment the glucose extracted from microalgae to bioethanol. Spirulina maxima accumulated the carbohydrate concentration 62.4% and biomass concentration 1.72 g/L after 9 days of cultivation under phosphorus stress, the productivity of glucose was 0.6 g glucose/d. When both phosphorus and nitrogen were limited from cultivation medium the glucose productivity 0.42 g glucose/d was achieved. In hydrolysis experiment RG 97% was obtained by pretreatment with sulphuric acid. The concentration of H2SO4 was 2% V/V, the time of hydrolysis in autoclave was 45 min at temperature 121 degrees Celsius and biomass load 3 % W/W. The overall ethanol yield was 0.19 g EtOH/g biomass. Enzymatic hydrolysis was also detected to be a possible method to hydrolyse Spirulina maxima biomass to bioethanol. Hydrolysis with amylases achieved RG 87 % and the hydrolysate was fermented with an overall yield of 0.18 g EtOH/g biomass.
Specificity in cyanobacterial lichen symbiosis and bioactive metabolites (ethylene and microcystins)
A systematic-ecological approach to Baltic Sea ice studies of algae and protists
Springer handbook of marine biotechnology
On the role of bacterial production and denitrification in some less-studied Baltic Sea habitats
Colour atlas of cyanophytes
Taxonomy and ecology of microalgae in marine and brackish water environment : proceedings of a Nordic Symposium...August 24-31, 1978, Tvärminne Zoological Station, Finland
Interactions in marine shallow-water sediments with emphasis on microalgae
Bioreactors : design, properties and applications
Characterization of Anabaena cyanobacteria: repeated sequences and genes involved in biosynthesis of microcystins and anabaenopeptilides
Microbes in the pelagic carbon cycle : picoplanktonic algae and heterotrophic nanoflagellates in the northern Baltic ecosystem
Cultivation of spirulina maxima as feedstock for biofuels production : hydrolysis and fermentation of the biomass to bioethanol
"Preface Over the decades, much of the literature has focused on the biology and ecological aspects of algae found in freshwater, marine, and brackish environments. These organisms are also known to inhabit various other environments on Earth. More recently, there has been a substantial shift toward the concept of sustainable development and the "green economy" with emphasis on exploiting biological systems for the benefit of mankind. This underpins the fundamentals of the field of biotechnology, which has revolutionized various fields including agriculture, food, pharmaceutical and medical sciences, environmental sciences, and industrial feedstock, thus positively impacting most spheres of human endeavor. Algae--but more specifically, microalgae--have been associated with problematic events such as algal blooms caused by eutrophication of aquatic environments and in some cases the toxins produced have serious health impacts on the aquatic environment, plants, animals, and humans. However, these events are largely due to human activities resulting in the proliferation of nutrients in aquatic environments. The significance of algae cannot be underestimated as they contribute to approximately 40% of the oxygen in the atmosphere, are the original source of fossil fuels, and are the primary producers in the oceans. Therefore, there is potential for exploitation of this invaluable biomass source that could lead to definite environmental and economic benefits for man"--
Topics in ecological and environmental microbiology / edited by Thomas Mitchell Schmidt and Moselio Schaechter
The diatoms : biology & morphology of the genera
Cyanobacteria and their toxins in lichen symbiosis
Omega-3 fatty acid composition and biological activity of three microalgae species
A biology of the algae
Consequences of resistance against photosynthetic inhibitors in Monoraphidium pusillum L.
Sustainable biodiesel production from microalgae cultivated with piggery wastewater
Deleterious and toxin producing microbes in natural and manmade environments
Toxic cyanobacteria in water : a guide to their public health consequences, monitoring and management
Characterisation of cyanobacterial strains originating from the Baltic Sea with emphasis on Nodularia and its toxin, Nodularin
Due to the consequences of global warming and significant greenhouse gas emissions, several ideas have been studied to reduce these emissions or to suggest solut ions for pollutant removal. The most promising ideas are reduced consumption, waste recovery and waste treatment by biological systems. In this latter category, studies have demonstrated that the use of microalgae is a very promising solution for the biofixation of carbon dioxide. In fact, these micro-organisms are able to offset high levels of CO2 thanks to photosynthesis. Microalgae are also used in various fields (food industry, fertilizers, biofuel, etc.).
Effects of mechanical mixing on lake water quality, with special emphasis on under-ice phytoplankton
Nutrient control of phytoplankton growth : effects of macronutrient composition (N, P, Si) on species succession
Advances in microbiology of the sea. Vol. 1
