http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26939 wheat flour
wheat flour
Gliadin and glutenin : the unique balance of wheat quality
Suitability of gluten index method for evaluation of wheat flower quality
Sourdough : a tool for the improved flavour, texture and shelf-life of wheat bread
Wheat end-use properties : wheat and flour characterization for specific end-uses : full papers submitted for the poster show at ICC '89 Symposium : June 13-15, 1989, Lahti, Finland
Wheat flour
The phytic acid (PA), inorganic phosphorus (Pi), yellow pigment (YP), water soluble phenolics (WSPH) and free protein sulfhydryl groups (PSH) of 15 Triticum aestivum and 15 Triticum durum wheats grown at six different environments were evaluated for variability, intra- and inter- relations with agronomic traits. The most variable properties in bread wheat were YP and WSPH with coefficients of variation (CV) amounting to 14.59% and 14.10%, respectively, while in durum wheat those were PSH and YP with CV of 17.59% and 15.02%, respectively. PA in durum wheat showed the least variability (CV 3.61%). Among others, positive associations were obtained between WSPH and YP in bread and durum wheat, YP and PSH, WSPH and PSH, yield (YLD) and WSPH, YLD and PSH in durum wheat, while negative associations were recorded for PA and YP, PA and WSPH, YLD and antioxidants (YP and WSPH) in bread wheat, PA and antioxidants, PA and YLD in durum wheat..
The bread making quality of Finnish spring wheats - a proposal for classification
Collaborative study of a new developed ELISA kit for gluten determination
Bioprocessing to improve oat bread quality
Cooking with coconut flour : a delicious low-carb, gluten-free alternative to wheat
Quality characteristics of parental lines of wheat mapping populations
Abstract.
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Wheat flour milling
Proceedings from ICC'89 symposium : wheat end-use properties : wheat and flour characterization for specific end-uses
These coconut flour recipes are completely free of wheat, gluten, soy, trans fats, and artificial sweeteners. Coconut flour provides many health benefits: it can improve digestion, help regulate blood sugar, protect against diabetes, help prevent heart disease and cancer, and aid in weight loss.
Alkylresorcinol metabolites as potential biomarkers for whole-grain rye intake and the effect of rye bread intake on plasma low-density lipoproteins
Phytic acid, inorganic phosphorus, antioxidants in bread and durum wheat and their associations with agronomic traits
The aim of this work was to evaluate the main quality traits in the parental lines of wheat segregating populations to identify the best for subsequent genetic mapping of the traits. Significant differences (p < 0.001) among wheat genotypes were observed. Many of the examined crosses appeared to be suitable for the purpose, showing differences among parental lines as high as 4.6% for protein content, 6.4% for gluten content, 69 for gluten index, 50 mL for sodium dodecyl sulphate sedimentation volume, and 33.9 g for thousand-kernel weight, whereas differences accounting for 4.8, 2.4, and 7.3 were observed for yellow index, red index and brown index, respectively. The results pointed out that for studying at the same time the quantitative and qualitative features of gluten, the wheat populations derived from Latino x MG29896 and Saragolla x 02-5B-318 could be particularly appropriate. In addition, the latter cross was suitable to deepen the knowledge of yellow index regulation.
Gluten protein composition and quality in bread wheats
