http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26991 nanoelectronics
nanoelectronics
Abstract.
Electrochemistry of nanomaterials
Waste energy harvesting : mechanical and thermal energies
Modeling of electronic transport in nanostructures
Mems and microsystems : design, manufacture, and packaging
Printed platforms for paper-based analytical applications
Nano and molecular electronics handbook
Future trends in microelectronics : up the nano creek
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Journal of vacuum science and technology. B, Nanotechnology & microelectronics : materials, processing, measurement, & phenomena : JVST B.
Nanotechnology for microelectronics and optoelectronics
Functional thin films and nanostructures for sensors : synthesis, physics, and applications
Electrical characterization of organic memories using polarizable nanoparticles
Introduction to nanoelectronics : science, nanotechnology, engineering, and applications
New exploratory technologies 2005 : Turun ammattikorkeakoulu, Salo, Turku Polytechnic, Salo, 3-4 October, 2005
Bit bang : rays to the future
Introduction to microfabrication
Nanotechnology : principles and practices
Developments in many-body theory of quantum transport and spectroscopy with non-equilibrium Green's functions and time-dependent density functional theory
In this thesis several novel inks based on dry inorganic powders enabling magnetic, piezoelectric and memory resistive (memristive) function were researched for printed electronics applications. Low curing temperature screen-printable magnetic inks for high frequency applications based on dry cobalt nanoparticles were developed in the first part of the work. Three publications were achieved. The first one concentrated on ink formulation and its process development, the second on the utilization of multifunctional surfactant, and the third on the development of the inks for plastic substrates. The magnetic inks developed were cured at 120 °C. The electrical performance, microstructure, surface quality and mechanical durability of printed and cured layers were investigated. Relative permeability values up to 3 and related loss tangents up to 0.01 were achieved at 2 GHz frequency, as well as a pull-off strength of up to 5.2 MPa. The maximum loading level of cobalt nanoparticles was 60 vol-%, after which the stability of the ink started to degrade. The developed ink enabled the miniaturization of a patch antenna.In the second part of the thesis, the formulation of inks based on piezoelectric ceramic particles in powder form with ferroelectric polymers as a matrix material is introduced. The performance and quality of the printed inks and cured layers were investigated. The measured pull off -strength was up to 3.25 MPa, relative permittivity was up to 48 at 1 kHz and piezoelectric constant d31 up to 17 pm/V. The printed piezoelectric layer can be utilized in a pressure sensor.In the third part of the thesis, the development of inks for a novel printed memory component, a memristor, is researched. A synthesis route was developed for an organometallic precursor solution, which was formulated into inkjet-printable form. The printing tests were carried out in order to find t he most feasible layer thickness with memristive behaviour. The influence of substrate materials and different thermal treatments on the components’ electrical properties, durability of read/erase -cycles and overall lifetime were also investigated. The prepared memristive patterns remained functional for up to 35 days, while the precursor solution remained usable for over a year. The memristive areas withstood up to 30 read/erase cycles and by utilizing heat treatments the shift in resistance value increased by up to three orders of magnitude.
Future trends in microelectronics : the nano millennium
Molecular electronics : from principles to practice
Fundamentals of microfabriacation and nanotechnology. Vol. II. Manufacturing techniques for microfabrication and nanotechnology
Nanotechnology : basic calculations for engineers and scientists
Garbon nanotube memory devices with high-κ gate dielectrics
Nanopackaging : nanotechnologies and electronics packaging
Conductivity measurements of DNA TX tile and origami structures
Gas sensors based on nanostructured tungsten oxides
Fundamentals of microfabrication : the science of miniaturization
Fundamentals of nanoelectronics
Microelectronics to nanoelectronics : materials, devices & manufacturability
Integration of 2D and 3D nanostructure fabrication with wafer-scale microelectronics : photonic crystals and graphene
Analysis of wetting and optical properties of materials developed for novel printed solar cells
Understanding nanotechnology
Handbook of nanoscale optics and electronics
Nanotechnology for electronic materials and devices
Current at the nanoscale : an introduction to nanoelectronics
"This book gives a comprehensive cross-section of promising MEMS and nanotechnologies that are important to the future growth of the electronics industry. International experts in academia and leading industrial institutions present the most recent scientific developments. They highlight new technologies that have successfully transitioned from the laboratory to the marketplace as well as technologies that have near-term market applications in electronics, materials, and optics. The book also provides up-to-date references on the latest advances in this evolving field"--
Ferroelectric performance for nanometer scaled devices
MEMS and nanotechnology-based sensors and devices for communications, medical and aerospace applications
Fundamentals of microfabriacation and nanotechnology. Vol. I. Solid-state physics, fluidics, and analytical techniques in micro- and nanotechnology
Engineering ultra-sensitive nanoelectronics for microwave applications
Solubilization of single-walled carbon nanotubes by functionalization with various azides or in situ diazotization
Power and performance management strategies on NoC-based multicore platforms using DVFS adaptive algorithm and task parallelism
Nanoelectronics and information technology : advanced electronic materials and novel devices
Nanotechnologies for future mobile devices
Nanolithography and patterning techniques in microelectonics
Single-electron pumping in silicon quantum dots
Nanoscience : nanotechnologies and nanophysics
Lab-on-chips for cellomics : micro and nanotechnologies for life science
Real-space electronic structure calculations for nanoscale systems
DNA-based applications in molecular electronics
Light-matter interaction : physics and engineering at the nanoscale
Introduction to nanotechnology
Molecular switches
Robust computing with nano-scale devices : progresses and challenges
Quantum physics in the nanoworld : Schrödinger's cat and the dwarfs
Memristive computing
Time-dependent quantum transport in nanosystems : a nonequilibrium Green's function approach
Nanotechnology for dummies(R)
Handbook of nanoscience, engineering, and technology
Nanoparticle sintering methods and applications for printed electronics
The physics of nanoelectronics : transport and fluctuation phenomena at low temperatures
Computational methods for large systems : electronic structure approaches for biotechnology and nanotechnology
Metal-nanoparticle-G4-DNA conjugates and their DC conductivity measurements
Nano- and micro-electromechanical systems : fundamentals of nano- and microengineering
Introduction to spintronics
The development of novel biomolecular tools based on avidins, DNA and chitosan
Inks based on inorganic nanomaterials for printed electronics applications
MEMS : introduction and fundamentals
Nanopatterning of SiGeC alloys through laser assisted techniques
Nanotechnology for dummies
Nanotechnology : basic science and emerging technologies
Heat transport, fluctuations, and Maxwell's demon in electronic nanocircuits
Fundamentals of microfabriacation and nanotechnology. Vol. III : From MEMS to bio-MEMS and bio-NEMS : manufacturing techniques and applications
Nanotechnology applications to telecommunications and networking
Dielectrophoresis as an assembly method for carbon nanotube memory elements
Unusual bismuth-containing surface layers of III-V compound semiconductors
