http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26990 cognitive radio
cognitive radio
Future scenarios, ecosystems and business models for cognitive radio systems
Cognitive radio (CR) is becoming a promising tool for solving the problem of the scarce radio resource and spectrum inefficiency. Spectrum sensing (signal detection) enables real-time detection of spectrum holes by unlicensed secondary users (SUs) in cognitive radio networks (CRNs). In this thesis, performance analysis of CRNs and radio resource allocation are considered. A continuous time Markov chain (CTMC) based analytical model taking into account all relevant elements as well as addressing the issue of the false alarm rate (FAR) associated with the continuous sensing is developed. In some cases, the PU can be modeled as time-slotted with constant state (transmitting or not) in each slot. In this case, assuming SU can synchronize to the slots, its intuitive to use beginning of a slot for sensing and rest (possibly) for communication. For this model, M/D/1 priority queueing scheme has been applied in this thesis to find waiting time and queue length for PU and SU.Multiple access among SUs in a time-slotted channel is considered next. A conventional method is e.g. using a channel access probability ψ in each slot similar to the slotted ALOHA. A radically new idea is introduced in this thesis: why not increase the false alarm probability PFA of each SU and use it as a multiple access method?A game theoretic approach to radio resource allocation for the downlink capacity providing fair resource sharing among mobile nodes located along a multihop link is presented. Furthermore, the problem of resource allocations in heterogeneous wireless networks is also studied.Finally, device-to-device (D2D) communication - with localized distribution, where users tend to gather around some areas (clusters/hot-spots) within the cell such as buildings is studied. Theoretical analysis with two dimensional clustering is presented including cases with correlated clusters. Correlation in cluster selection is shown to significantly improve performance.
Coordination and adaptation techniques for efficient resource utilization in cognitive radio networks
Principles of cognitive radio
Ergodic capacity and effective capacity of spectrum sharing cognitive radio with MRC over Nakagami fading : a comparative analysis
On performance analysis of cognitive radios
Spectrum sensing techniques in cognitive radio : cyclostationary method
Dependable cognitive wireless networking:modelling and design
Machine learning methods for spectrum exploration and exploitation
Spectrum sensing for cognitive radios : algorithms, performance, and limitations
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Cooperative spectrum sensing schemes for future dynamic spectrum access infrastructures
Mild cognitive impairment and early detection of alzheimer's disease : a positron emission tomography study
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
Early detection of Alzheimer's disease ß-amyloid pathology : applicability of positron emission tomography with the amyloid radioligand 11C-PIB
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Performance analysis of cognitive radio networks and radio resource allocation
Robust detectors for cognitive radio
Modeling cooperative behavior in smart grid and cognitive radio systems
Adaptive power and frequency allocation strategies in cognitive radio systems
Spectrum watching implementation on cognitive radio
