http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26970 snow construction
snow construction
La Fête de l'hiver en images = Take the Chill out of Winter
Handbook of snow : principles, processes, management and use
The definitive book about Icehotel art & design
The snow show :  Holl, Highstein, Asymptote, Rauhala : Rovaniemi and Kemi, March 2004 / publisher: Studio Avec Audiovisual ky, Finland ; [chief curator: Lance Fung]
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Snow constructions : general rules for design and construction
Rabbit's bad habits
Summary.
The snow show / edited by Lance Fung
Effects of suburban development on runoff generation and water quality
Snow design from Lapland : initiating cooperation
Ice and construction : state-of-art report prepared by RILEM Technical Committee TC-118, Ice and construction
The snow show
Ice age : [the hotel at the end of the world]
Cold regions hydrology and hydraulics
Northern cityscape : linking design to climate
Modern north : architecture on the frozen edge
The Snow Show : Rovaniemi / Kemi 12.2. - 31.3.2004
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland : action research in snow and ice design
The project is aimed at combining design competence, Lapland's winter arts and events, and snow and ice construction technologies in order to develop an export product in cooperation with educational organisations and businesses. The objective is to develop an internationally competitive service innovation product to leverage Lapland's versatile expertise of snow-related technologies and applications in different events and offerings of the tourism industry. Businesses work together with educational organisations on the design and implementation of different types of snow and ice environments and the development of marketing concepts throughout the project. The working methods and latest technical data of user-oriented design, service design, environmental & community art and the adventure activity industry are exploited and leveraged in project activities. The project is based on collecting, combining, disseminating and applying multidisciplinary knowledge. Businesses can increase their know-how in the development of demanding snow and ice technology applications by using their combined resources and versatile expertise areas. Lapland Snow Design provides opportunities for groundbreaking product development and creates inroads to new international markets. The project is co-funded by the Regional Council of Lapland / The European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), University of Lapland, Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences, Rovaniemi Regional Development Agency, Valosa Oy, Arctice Oy, Snowflake Oy / Arctic Snow Hotel Oy and SnowKemi / IP-Heikkilä Oy.
Lumilinna : Kemin Lumilinnan tarina = Snowcastle : the story of the Snowcastle of Kemi
Architecture of snow castles and other snow constru[c]tion for grown-up chi[l]dren. 1
Snow play : how to make forts & slides & winter campfires plus the coolest Loch Ness monster and 23 other brilliant projects in the snow
