http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26937 news photographs
news photographs
Media & minorities : the politics of race in news and entertainment
Creating fear : news and the construction of crisis
China focus 2002-2003
News production : theory and practice
Roll! : shooting TV news : views from behind the lens
Warring souls : youth, media, and martyrdom in post-revolution Iran
Good night, and good luck
China focus 2003-2004
"Powerful and often controversial, news pictures promise to make the world at once immediate and knowable. Yet while many great writers and thinkers have evaluated photographs of atrocity and crisis, few have sought to set these images in a broader context by defining the rich and diverse history of news pictures in their many forms.For the first time, this volume defines what counts as a news picture, how pictures are selected and distributed, where they are seen and how we critique and value them. Presenting the best new thinking on this fascinating topic, this book considers the news picture over time, from the dawn of the illustrated press in the nineteenth century, through photojournalism's heyday and the rise of broadcast news and newsreels in the twentieth century and into today's digital platforms. It examines the many kinds of images: sport, fashion, society, celebrity, war, catastrophe and exoticism; and many mediums, including photography, painting, wood engraving, film and video. Packed with the best research and full colour-illustrations throughout, this book will appeal to students and readers interested in how news and history are key sources of our rich visual culture"
Interpretation of journalistic photographs as an instrument of visual literacy education
World Press Photo 13
Internet memes as statements and entertainment
English summary: The paradox of a news photograph. Exploring the concept of objectivity in history and in today's photojournalism.
Don't shoot the yanqui : the life of a war cameraman
Getting the picture : visual culture of the news
World press photo 12
Television histories : shaping collective memory in the media age
The Gulf War did not take place
The dynamics of mass communication : media in the digital age
Media, risk, and science
Amateur images and global news
Anchorman 2 : the legend continues
The painter of battles
Visual journalism : a guide for new media professionals
An actor or an undefined threat? The role of "terrorist" in the discourse of international news agencies
Pictures on a page : photo-journalism, graphics and picture-editing
Press directory Finland. 2006
English summary: Support in the interpretation of journalistic photographs. A proposal as a genre design for the enhancement of media literacy.
Morning glory
Media and conflict in the twenty-first century
Anchorman : the legend of Ron Burgundy
Page one : inside The New York Times
The creative use of fear by news media and social control organizations has produced a "discourse of fear" - the awareness and expectation that danger and risk are lurking everywhere. Case studies illustrates how certain organizations and social institutions benefit from the exploitation of such fear construction. One social impact is a manipulated public empathy: We now have more "victims" than at any time in our prior history. Another, more troubling result is the role we have ceded to law enforcement and punishment: we turn ever more readily to the state and formal control to protect us from what we fear. This book attempts through the marshalling of significant data to interrupt that vicious cycle of fear discourse. David Altheide employs a method, which he calls "tracking discourse", to map how the nature and the extent of the use of the word "fear" has changed since the 1980s; how the topics associated with fear, the topics of media discourse, have also changed over the same period (for example, the emphasis "moves" over time across AIDS, crime, immigrants, race, sexuality, schools, and children); and how certain news sources prevail over others, thus protectively insulating themselves from criticism of the premises of their discourse frames.
People like us  : misrepresenting the Middle East
China focus 2001
Critical readings : media and audiences
Front page history : events of our century that shook the world
Photojournalism : a social semiotic approach
The international encyclopedia of media studies, volume I : media history and the foundations of media studies
Press photography and visual framing of news
Selling war : the role of the mass media in hostile conflicts from World War I to the "war on terror"
Image brokers : visualizing world news in the age of digital circulation
Photojournalism and today's news : creating visual reality
Practicing convergence journalism : an introduction to cross-media storytelling
Moments : the Pulitzer prize-winning photographs : a visual chronicle of our time
