http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26978 materiality
materiality
Deep time of the museum : the materiality of media infrastructures
Experiencing Byzantium : papers from the 44th Spring Symposium of Byzantine Studies, Newcastle and Durham, April 2011
The spirit of things : materiality and religious diversity in Southeast Asia
Handbook of material culture
Materiality and time : historical perspectives on organizations, artefacts and practices
Ways of making and knowing : the material culture of empirical knowledge
Finding one's place : an ethnological study of belonging among Swedish migrants on the Costa del Sol in Spain
Generating and transforming representations in design ideation
Carnal Knowledge is an outcome of the renewed energy and interest in moving beyond the discursive construction of reality to understand the relationship between what is conceived of as reality and materiality, described as the "material turn." It draws together established and emerging writers, whose research spans dance, music, film, fashion, design, photography, literature, painting and stereo-immersive VR, to demonstrate how art allows us to map the complex relations between nature and culture, between the body, language and knowledge. These writings are unique in the field because they represent the authors' commitment to a new materialism through the creative arts.
Materiality
Things : religion and the question of materiality
Materiality has reappeared as a highly contested topic in recent art. Modernist criticism tended to privilege form over matter-considering material as the essentialized basis of medium specificity-and technically based approaches in art history reinforced connoisseurship through the science of artistic materials. But in order to engage critically with the meaning, for example, of hair in David Hammons's installations, milk in the work of Dieter Roth, or latex in the sculptures of Eva Hesse, we need a very different set of methodological tools. This anthology focuses on the moments when materials become willful actors and agents within artistic processes, entangling their audience in a web of connections. It investigates the role of materiality in art that attempts to expand notions of time, space, process, or participation. And it looks at the ways in which materials obstruct, disrupt, or interfere with social norms, emerging as impure formations and messy, unstable substances. It reexamines the notion of "dematerialization"; addresses materialist critiques of artistic production; surveys relationships between matter and bodies, from the hierarchies of gender to the abject and phobic; explores the vitality of substances; and addresses the concepts of intermateriality and transmateriality emerging in the hybrid zones of digital experimentation.
Carnal knowledge : towards a 'new materialism' through the arts
The interplay of memory and matter : narratives of former Finnish Karelian child evacuees
Making spirits : materiality and transcendence in contemporary religions
Following the flows of process : a new materialist account of contemporary art
Artistic research in public space : participation in material-based art
How digital worlds become material : an ethnographic and netnographic investigation in Second Life
Materiality and space : organizations, artefacts and practices
Making and growing : anthropological studies of organisms and artefacts
Between the hands and under the eyes : everyday objects
How matter matters : objects, artifacts, and materiality in organization studies
Concrete and culture : a material history
FabLab : of machines, makers, and inventors
The materiality of the imagined family
There is broad acceptance across the Humanities and Social Sciences that our deliberations on the social need to take place through attention to practice, to object-mediated relations, to non-human agency and to the affective dimensions of human sociality. This Companion focuses on the objects and materials found at centre stage, and asks: what matters about objects? Objects and Materials explores the field, providing succinct summary accounts of contemporary scholarship, along with a wealth of new research investigating the capacity of objects to shape, unsettle and exceed expectations. Original chapters from over forty international, interdisciplinary contributors address an array of objects and materials to ask what the terms of collaborations with objects and materials are, and to consider how these collaborations become integral to our understandings of the complex, relational dynamics that fashion social worlds. Objects and Materials will be of interest to students and scholars across the social sciences and humanities, including in sociology, social theory, science and technology studies, history, anthropology, archaeology, gender studies, women's studies, geography, cultural studies, politics and international relations, and philosophy.
Religion, material culture, and archaeology
Objects and materials : a Routledge companion
Making and Growing brings together the latest work in the fields of anthropology and material culture studies to explore the differences - and the relation - between making things and growing things, and between things that are made and things that grow. Though the former are often regarded as artefacts and the latter as organisms, the book calls this distinction into question, examining the implications for our understanding of materials, design and creativity.
The sociomaterial research overcomes the dichotomy between social and material worlds by concentrating on organizational practices. These practices are constituted by, but also produce, material and social dynamics. This research is currently having an important impact in management studies and adopts a subjective investigation of time to explore materiality and materialization. Studying the institutional evolution of an organization implies long time spans and it is shown more clearly through the inclusion of material traces of past actions. Materiality and Time is split into three parts: Part I explores how time is materialized and performed in organizations, i.e. how artefacts and material space perform time and temporal dynamics in organizations. Part II examines how organizations and organizational members are constituted by and constitutive of material artefacts. Part III reflects on what a historical perspective on these materializations can bring to the study of organizations. Contributions focus on the materialization of time and the material dynamic of organizations.
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
Materiality and Space focuses on how organizations and managing are bound with the material forms and spaces through which humans act and interact at work. It concentrates on organizational practices and pulls together three separate domains that are rarely looked at together: sociomateriality, sociology of space, and social studies of technology. The contributions draw on and combine several of these domains, and propose analyses of spaces and materiality in a range of organizational practices such as collaborative workspaces, media work, urban management, e-learning environments, managerial control, mobile lives, institutional routines and professional identity. Theoretical insights are also developed by Pickering on the material world, Lyytinen on affordance, Lorino on architexture and Introna on sociomaterial assemblages in order to delve further into conceptualizing materiality in organizations.
Concrete has been used in arches, vaults, and domes dating as far back as the Roman Empire. Today, it is everywhere?in our roads, bridges, sidewalks, walls, and architecture. For each person on the planet, nearly three tons of concrete are produced every year. Used almost universally in modern construction, concrete has become a polarizing material that provokes intense loathing in some and fervent passion in others. Focusing on concrete?s effects on culture rather than its technical properties, Concrete and Culture examines the ways concrete has changed our understanding of nature, of time, and even of material. Adrian Forty concentrates not only on architects? responses to concrete, but also takes into account the role concrete has played in politics, literature, cinema, labor-relations, and arguments about sustainability. Covering Europe, North and South America, and the Far East, Forty examines the degree that concrete has been responsible for modernist uniformity and the debates engendered by it. The first book to reflect on the global consequences of concrete, Concrete and Culture offers a new way to look at our environment over the past century.
