http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26985 subject headings
subject headings index terms descriptors
Come on over
The encyclopedia of tourism and recreation in marine environments
Testing, comissioning and additional development of neural network application for condition monitoring of wind turbine drive train
Media law in Denmark
JSF 1.2 components : develop advanced Ajax-enabled JSF applications
BILD/FINP/THES tesaurus/thesaurus
Intercultural communication in experience tourism in the Inari area
Mikä osa yleisöllä? : viestintäoikeuden vuosikirja 2007 = Yearbook of communication law 2007 = Jahrbuch für Kommunikationsrecht 2007.
Strategy, innovation, and change : challenges for management
Collins Roget's international thesaurus
Cellulite : pathophysiology and treatment
"Few studies have fully examined Asian values in journalism and the related debate in terms of their contexts, evolution, features, limitations, contributions, and implications. Little research has comprehensively looked into the components and origins of Asian values in journalism although their existence have been sporadically investigated. Consequently, the topic has been much mystified. Placed in the theoretical framework of ideological domination and control, the book is designed to demystify the topic by addressing nine questions regarding the above-mentioned areas through documentary research and historical-comparative analysis."--Jacket.
Inside Wikileaks : my time with Julian Assange at the world's most dangerous website
Metro-land : an underground history of Paris
Thesaurus of vocational training
Bilingual identity : Finnish-Canadians' linguistic and cultural identities and changes in them
Freedom of information : open access, empty archives?
The Routledge companion to feminism and postfeminism
Multilingual dictionary of fishing vessels and safety on board
Challenges in leading cross-cultural teams : culture, conflicts and communication
Winning Investment Habits of Warren Buffett and George Soros : What You Can Learn from the World's Richest Investors
Oxford children's thesaurus
Coaching plain and simple : solution-focused brief coaching essentials
Oxford learner's thesaurus : a dictionary of synonymes
Don't mess with the logo : the straight-talker's bible of branding
Developing mobile blog application with ASP.NET
Dictionary of architecture and building construction
Censorship and political communication in Eastern Europe : a collection of documents
Siviiliasiain nimikkeistö 2002 = Nomenklatur för civilmål 2002 = Nomenclatur of civil cases 2002.
Repetitive structures in the languages of East and South-East Asia
The world's first freedom of information act : Anders Chydenius' legacy today
1001 historic sites you must see before you die
English summary: The ancient boundaries of Mustila Village after purchase by Mr. Magnus Musda in 1481 and the Pelkhuo hill fort in Elimäki (For the 70th anniversary of Prof. Emer. Peter M. A. Tigerstedt).
Thesaurus of ERIC descriptors
Wikileaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
Management : meeting and exceeding customer expectations
Leading in turbulent times : lessons learnt and implications for the future
Synthesis and photoluminescence of substituted 2-(N-benzyl-N-pyridine-2ylamino)pyridines and their platinum(II) complexes
TimeOut Great train journeys of the world
The better practices of project management : based on IPMA competences
Out of bounds : British black & Asian poets
Friend of the court : on the front lines with the first amendment
Bed in a tree : and other amazing hotels from around the world
Bartlett's Roget's thesaurus
Wood-based hydrolysates and their purification
Human rights terminology in international law : a the saurus
International human rights norms in domestic law : Finnish and Polish perspectives
Glossarium : vocational training
The right to be heard : Singapore's dispute with Time magazine and the Asian Wall Street journal : the facts
Legal thesaurus
Freedom of speech at stake : media developments and democracy in Central Asia
Demystifying Asian values in journalism
After the czars and commissars : journalism in authoritarian post-Soviet Central Asia
We steal secrets : the story of Wikileaks
Implementation of constitutional provisions regarding mass media in a pluralist democracy : proceedings of the UniDem Seminar organised in Nicosia on 16-18 December 1994 in co-operation with the Office of the Attorney General of the Republic of Cyprus and with the support of the European Commission
Today, nearly every aspect of higher education—including student recruitment, classroom instruction, faculty research, administrative governance, and the control of intellectual property—is embedded in a political economy with links to the market and the state. Academic capitalism offers a powerful framework for understanding this relationship. Essentially, it allows us to understand higher education's shift from creating scholarship and learning as a public good to generating knowledge as a commodity to be monetized in market activities. In Academic Capitalism in the Age of Globalization, Brendan Cantwell and Ilkka Kauppinen assemble an international team of leading scholars to explore the profound ways in which globalization and the knowledge economy have transformed higher education around the world. The book offers an in-depth assessment of the theoretical foundations of academic capitalism, as well as new empirical insights into how the process of academic capitalism has played out. Chapters address academic capitalism from historical, transnational, national, and local perspectives. Each contributor offers fascinating insights into both new conceptual interpretations of and practical institutional and national responses to academic capitalism.
Pastry chef's companion : a comprehensive resource guide for the baking and pastry professional
A dictionary of Asian mythology
Eurovoc thesaurus. Volume 3, Multilingual version
Italian Renaissance Drawings
Journalism and democracy in Asia
People styles at work : making bad relationships good and good relationships better
Pyrolysis of softwood and hardwood lignins
Academic capitalism in the age of globalization
Beyond culture shock
Business Research Methods
Optimal schedule for home blood pressure measurements and clinical significance of the variability in home-measured blood pressure and heart rate
Approachable for general readers as well as for students in women's studies related courses at all levels, this invaluable guide follows the unique Companion format in combining over a dozen in-depth background chapters with more than 400 A-Z dictionary entries. The background chapters are written by major figures in the field of feminist studies, and include thorough coverage of the history of feminism, as well as extensive discussions of topics such as Postfeminism, Men in Feminism, Feminism and New Technologies and Feminism and Philosophy. The dictionary entries cover the major individuals and issues essential to an understanding both of feminism's roots and of the trends that are shaping its future. Readers will find entries on people such as Aphra Behn, Simone de Beauvoir, Princess Diana, Courtney Love and Robert Bly, and on subjects such as Afro-American feminism, cosmetic surgery, the 'new man', prostitution, reproductive technologies and 'slasher' films.
LOT 2 : The language of thought revisited
Documentation - guidelines for the establishment and develooment of multilingual thesauri = Documentation - principes directeurs pour l'établissement et le développement de thesaurus multilingues
The word association method : a gateway to work-task based retrieval
Tolkovyi juriditšheski slovar : pravo i biznes : russko-anglijski, anglo-russki : law and business : Russian-English, English-Russian = Legal glossary
Eurovoc thesaurus. Vol. 3, Multilingual thesaurus
WikiLeaks and the age of transparency
Encyclopedia of modern Asia
Studies on metal complex formation of environmentally friendly aminopolycarboxylate chelating agents
Oxford thesaurus of English
Multilingual thesaurus of vocational training
Dictionary of tourism
WikiLeaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
