http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26957 evidence-based social work
evidence-based social work
Using evidence in health and social care
"The role of evidence-based practice is one of most central and controversial issues in social work today. This concise text introduces key concepts and processes of evidence-based practice whilst engaging with contemporary debates about its relevance and practicality. Evidence-based Practice in Social Work provides both an argument for the importance of evidence-based practice in social work and fresh perspectives on its controversies and organizational prerequisites. It gives an accessible overview of: Why evidence-based practice is relevant to social work. The challenges that the realities of social work practice present to models of evidence-based practice. Concepts of evidence-based practice as a process and professional culture. The role and nature of evidence. How evidence-based practice can be implemented and the importance of the organisational context. The globalization of evidence-based practice, including issues of cultural diversity and adaptability of evidence-based interventions. Controversies and criticism of evidence-based practice. Written by internationally well-respected experts, this text is an important read for all those with an interest in the area, from social work students to academics and researchers"--
Evidence-based social care : a study of prospects and problems
Community health and wellness : a socio-ecological approach
Evidence-based practice : a critical appraisal
"Using theory, research evidence and experiential knowledge is a critical component of good social work. This unique text is designed to help social work students and practitioners to integrate theorizing into practice, demonstrating how to search for, select and translate academic knowledge for practical use in helping people improve their lives and environments. Presenting 32 core skills, Skills for Using Theory in Social Work provides a conceptual foundation, a vocabulary, and a set of skills to aid competent social work theorizing. Each chapter outlines the knowledge and action components of the skill and its relationship to core practice behaviours, along with learning and reflection activities. The lessons are divided into four parts: Section one discusses foundational material, including self-identification as a theorist-practitioner, the deliberate use of the term theory, and a social work approach to the selection of knowledge. Section two focuses on the adept use of theorizing skills. It covers identifying assumptions, using concepts, formulating propositions, organizing theory elements inductively or deductively, summarizing and displaying the elements of a theory, gathering and organizing assessment information and communicating with clients and colleagues about tentative theories. Section three includes lessons preparing social workers for the construction of useful middle-range theories including causal theories and interpretive theories and for testing and sharing these practical theories. Section four presents skills to develop critical thinking about theoretical knowledge. These include avoiding the misuse of theory, judging a theory using scientific standards, judging a theory by professional standards, critiquing theory in its cultural and historical context and making judgments about the likely long-term impact of a theory. This key text will help readers to demonstrate their expertise in reflect" -- (takakansi)
Evidence-based social work : towards a new professionalism?
A beginner's guide to evidence-based practice in health and social care professions
Values-based health and social care : beyond evidence-based practice
Evidence-based practice in social work : development of a new professional culture
Working with involuntary clients : a guide to practice
Skills for using theory in social work : 32 lessons for evidence-informed practice
The evidence-based internship : a field manual
Applying research evidence in social work practice
Evidence-based practice in the field of substance abuse : a book of readings
Critical thinking in clinical practice : improving the quality of judgments and decisions
Foundations of evidence-based social work practice
Multicultural perspectives in social work practice with families
"The knowledge and skills of critical thinking, evidence-based practice, problem solving, judgment, and decision making are essential to effectively serve clients in all types of clinical practices. This book teaches clinicians and students how to avoid fallacies and biases in thinking as well as the skills to make well-informed, ethical decisions. Grounded in the belief that clinical decision making is a challenging process that can be improved by honing the skills integral to evidence-based practice, this book explores common sources of error and provides psychologists, counselors, social workers, and allied health professionals practical guidance with decision aids and applications of critical thinking skills to clinical decision making"--Provided by publisher.
Essential skills of social work practice : assessment, intervention, evaluation
Evidence-based practice for the helping professions : a practical guide with integrated multimedia
Evidence-based social work : a critical stance
Mental health social work : evidence-based practice
Evidence-based social work : a guide for the perplexed
Evidence-based interventions for social work in health care
Making sense of research : an introduction for health and social care practitioners
Evidence-based practice manual : research and outcome measures in health and human services
Developing evidence-based generalist practice skills
A beginner's guide to evidence based practice in health and social care professions
Active support : enabling and empowering people with intellectual disabilities
Evidence-based practice in a social work context : the United States case
