http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26994 ambassadors
ambassadors
Dear Ambassador and Madame Navarrete
The nine of us : growing up Kennedy
The last surviving child of Joe and Rose Kennedy presents an intimate portrait of her family's shared life that describes how her parents would encourage their children to discuss current events, forge a strong work ethic and appreciate the sacrifices of their ancestors.
A knight of Malta at the court of Elizabeth I : the correspondence of Michel de Seure, French ambassador, 1560-1561
The terror and purges of Stalin's Russia in the 1930s discouraged Soviet officials from leaving documentary records let alone keeping personal diaries. A remarkable exception is the unique diary assiduously kept by Ivan Maisky, the Soviet ambassador to London between 1932 and 1943. This selection from Maisky's diary, never before published in English, grippingly documents Britain's drift to war during the 1930s, appeasement in the Munich era, negotiations leading to the signature of the Ribbentrop-Molotov Pact, Churchill's rise to power, the German invasion of Russia, and the intense debate over the opening of the second front. Maisky was distinguished by his great sociability and access to the key players in British public life. Among his range of regular contacts were politicians (including Churchill, Chamberlain, Eden, and Halifax), press barons (Beaverbrook), ambassadors (Joseph Kennedy), intellectuals (Keynes, Sidney and Beatrice Webb), writers (George Bernard Shaw, H. G. Wells), and indeed royalty. His diary further reveals the role personal rivalries within the Kremlin played in the formulation of Soviet policy at the time.
The annotated diaries of the late influential American diplomat and foreign policy strategist spans ninety years of U.S. history while sharing his insights into Depression-era capitalism, the Cold War, and his literary achievements.
In confidence : Moscow's ambassador to America's six Cold War presidents (1962-1986)
The Maisky diaries : red ambassador to the Court of St James's, 1932-1943
FDR's ambassadors and the diplomacy of crisis : from the rise of Hitler to the end of World War II
What effect did personality and circumstance have on US foreign policy during World War II? This incisive account of US envoys residing in the major belligerent countries - Japan, Germany, Italy, China, France, Great Britain, USSR - highlights the fascinating role played by such diplomats as Joseph Grew, William Dodd, William Bullitt, Joseph Kennedy and W. Averell Harriman. Between Hitler's 1933 ascent to power and the 1945 bombing of Nagasaki, US ambassadors sculpted formal policy - occasionally deliberately, other times inadvertently - giving shape and meaning not always intended by Franklin D. Roosevelt or predicted by his principal advisors. From appeasement to the Holocaust and the onset of the Cold War, David Mayers examines the complicated interaction between policy, as conceived in Washington, and implementation on the ground in Europe and Asia. By so doing, he also sheds needed light on the fragility, ambiguities and enduring urgency of diplomacy and its crucial function in international politics.
Cables from Kabul : the inside story of the West's Afghanistan campaign
The Kennan diaries
In the garden of beasts : love and terror in Hitler's Berlin
The Spanish ambassador's suitcase : stories from the diplomatic bag
Rise to world power : selected letters of Whitelaw Reid, 1895-1912
George F. Kennan : an American life
Rendezvous with destiny : how Franklin D. Roosevelt and five extraordinary men took America into the War and into the world
Envoys and political communication in the late antique West, 411-533
Concorde diplomacy : the ambassador's role in the world today
Murder in Samarkand : a British ambassador's controversial defiance of tyranny in the war on terror
The envoy : from Kabul to the White House, my journey through a turbulent world
Anatoly Dobrynin arrived in Washington in 1962. He was only forty-three, the youngest man ever to serve as Soviet ambassador to the United States. Amazingly he remained in Washington through the presidencies of Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, Ford, Carter, and Reagan. Dobrynin became the main back channel for the White House and the Kremlin to exchange ideas, negotiate in secret, and set up summit meetings. This arrangement became known as the confidential channel. Through this channel and his more public duties as ambassador he came to know the presidents, their most senior officials, and many members of the American establishment intimately. In Confidence is the story of those relationships. In Confidence is full of revelations that give us new insight into our own history, as well as into the saga of Soviet-American relations. To write it, Dobrynin spent months reviewing his own contemporary notes and official dispatches, as well as extensive material in the Foreign Ministry archives in Moscow. His memoir is an eyewitness document no student of the twentieth century can afford to miss. --Provided by publisher.
De foro legatorum tam in causa civili quam criminali : liber singularis = A monograph on the jurisdiction over ambassadors in both civil and criminal cases
