http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26927 insomnia
insomnia
Work stress and overtime work : effects on cortisol, sleep, sleepiness and health
The herbal apothecary : 100 medicinal herbs and how to use them
The hog, the shrew and the hullabaloo
Insomnia, ill health and work disability : a longitudinal study among employees
The insomniac's best friend : how to get a better night's sleep
Black Moon
Summary: Treatment of insomnia.
Association between Intensity of Information and Communication Technology usage and Quality of Sleep Among School-aged children
Nod : a bovel
Effects of exercise and diet on sleep among overweight and obese men with chronic insomnia symptoms
Acceptance and commitment group therapy for treatment of insomnia
Acceptance and commitment therapy for insomnia as a group intervention : predictors of treatment response
Asleep or not asleep? : evaluation of the quality of patients’ sleep in critical care nursing
The sleep book : how to sleep well every night
Rapid early improvement in the treatment of insomnia with ACT-based group intervention and the factors linked to improvement
Too small for my big bed
Nervous system medications and suicidal ideation and behaviour : the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Cognitive behavioral therapy for shift workers with chronic insomnia
Psychological distress in Finland 1979–2003 : overall trends, socio-economic differences, and contribution to cause-specific mortality inequalities
Bear Can't Sleep!
Sound asleep : the expert guide to sleeping well
Sleeplessness : assessing sleep need in society today
Peace at last
Sleep, work and mental health
All too many of us are not getting the quality or amount of sleep we need. Perhaps we have difficulty drifting off, or we lie awake in the small hours, or have problems with a restless partner, or with bad dreams, or with our work-sleep patterns if we are shiftworkers or early risers. The big question is, what can we do about such problems? Who can we turn to, for a sympathetic and knowledgeable one-to-one consultation? The answer is, to one of the world's leading sleep experts: Professor Chris Idzikowski, who here reveals his wisdom in a down-to-earth and reassuring way. Sound Asleep gives you the in-depth understanding you need to make your sleep more restful, more energising and more satisfactory.
The sheep won't sleep
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Sleep better with natural therapies : a comprehensive guide to overcoming insomnia, moving sleep cycles and preventing jet lag
Psychological distress in Finland 1979-2003 : overall trends, socio-economic differences, and contribution to cause-specific mortality inequalities
Fast asleep, wide awake : discover the secrets of restorative sleep and vibrant energy
Where's Tim's Ted? It's time for bed!
Night school : wake up to the power of sleep
Sleep, health behaviours and weight among ageing employees : a follow-up study
