http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26917 MySQL
MySQL
Sams teach yourself PHP, MySQL and Apache : all in one
Storage management application
Development of log analyzing software
Sams teach yourself PHP, MySQL(r) and Apache all in one
Abstract.
Developing an online book shop application
PHP and MySQL web development : a beginner's quide
MySQL cookbook : solutions and examples for MySQL database developers
Beginning PHP6, Apache, MySQL® Web Development
Android Mobile Application for Student Enrollment System
Mastering phpMyAdmin 2.8 for effective MySQL management  : increase your MySQL productivity and control by discovering the real power of phpMyAdmin 2.8
SwingTime : a booking application for golf resorts
Development of the KonsoliFIN 2008 Website
MySQL administrator's guide and language reference
Learning PHP, MySQL, and JavaScript
Explains how to build Web database applications with the PHP scripting language and the MySQL database.
Study Time - An Android Based Mobile Learning Application
PHP and MySQL : create-modify-reuse
Essential PHP fast : building dynamic web sites with MySQL
MODx web development : build dynamix websites with MODx PHP application framework and CSM
Development of a customer retention feature for FitnessBooker
Augmented Reality Client-Server Application for Schneider Electrics’ Protection Relay
Head first PHP & MySQL
Design and implementation of food management system on Android platform with QR code support
PHP : the good parts
Building the WAMP Platform
Expert PHP and MySQL
Website development for PCs and wireless devices
Beginning PHP and MySQL e-commerce : from novice to professional
Development and analysis usability video tool by Prails web Framework
Oracle Database 11g & MySQL 5.6 : developer handbook
PHP and MySQL: 24-Hour Trainer
Modification of Existing Reservation System
It is important for a company, whose income is based on the number of the active customers to have a way to track how well they can keep their customers and to know what their customers think about their services. The aim of this Bachelor’s thesis was to develop a new feature that allows the manager of a company to track the rate in which company loses active customers and a way that allows managers to create surveys or ask questions that can help them to improve their services, this information can then help them reduce the rate in which they lose customers. The feature was developed using PHP, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and MySQL. PHPUnit testing framework was utilized for testing backend PHP code and Twig template engine was utilized for frontend PHP. As a result of this thesis, a new feature was implemented into an existing system. This feature has 2 views. The first one allows the manager of a company to view the customer attrition rate displayed as a line chart or in a table. Another one allows the manager to create questions for the customers and the created questions will then be displayed to customers when they log into the service. In future the feature can be expanded to track the rate of how long customers stay active after joining or adding new types of tracked customers by age, family relations or group exercise.
Session control using PHP and MySQL
MySQL and Java developer's guide
MySQL pocket reference
MySQL explained : your step by step guide
DBA's guide to databases on Linux
Study of HTML, PHP and MySQL and how they can be implemented on a web site
MySQL : language reference
GPS Tracker Data Analysis Platform
The integration of JasperReports to MHG ERP System
Learning PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, and CSS
Online event calendar application
The definitive guide to MySQL5
How to do everything with PHP & MySQL
Userlutions GmbH is a young innovative company which specializes in testing and optimization of website and promotional product. Working as an ambition agency, combining a scientific and pragmatic approach, Userlutions GmbH starts with providing a great consulting and testing service at the good price to assist customer obtaining a maximum benefit. The most well-known product is the online usability test at web address: RapidUsertests.com which is one of the market leader usability testing tool, was published in 2010. In the autumn of 2013, Userlutions GmbH renovated and present various modules to response the demand of market. One of them is an analysis usability video tool that is used as the object of this thesis. It is commissioned to Userlutions GmbH, based in Berlin, Germany. The main purpose of the thesis is illustrating the developing process in order to meet the predefined requirements from Userlutions for its analysis usability video tool. The software development lifecycle, tools also have been explained to provide a clearly view of inside developing process from design to deployment. The major development tools are Prails web framework, various jQuery library and MySQL database. The theoretical part discusses about user-centered design which was has been applied in design analysis video tool. In addition, qualitative is the major research method included interview with client and market research. Books, digital articles, documentation on internet and advices of colleges and supervisor are used as the main resource of this paper. As the main results, the analysis usability video tool has been completed on time with the good feedback from client. Although there are some changes which have been made during project due to optimization reason, the final product responded all pre-defined requirements.
In charge of a website? Here's what you need to know about key web technologies! Learn how the four essential web technologies work together to create web services, validate web forms, and set up a members-only site! /
Developing web blog system for developer`s Helsinki Oy
Abstract: SCORM compliant learning object metadata implementation.
Creating Linux server cluster for databases
PHP and MySQL web development
Windmill monitoring using PHP
SCORM compliant learning object metadata implementation
Learning  MySQL
File transferring and manipulation system: dynamic files portability
Library database as a web application
MySQL high availability : tools for robust data centers
PHP, MySQL, JavaScript & HTML5 all-in-one for dummies
Design and implementation of a web API using PHP language
PHP and MySQL for dynamic Web sites
Beginning PHP, Apache and MySQL web development
Build your own database driven website using PHP & MySQL
MySQL certification study guide
PHP & MySQL in easy steps
Sams teach yourself MySQL in 21 days
Database design manual : using MySQL for Windows
MySQL : crash course
PHP & MySQL for dummies
High performance MySQL : optimization, backups, replication and load balancing
MySQL administrator's bible
MySQL and mSQL
PHP and MySQL recipes : a problem-solution approach
PHP 6/Mysql programming for the absolute beginner
Beginning PHP 5 and MySQL : from novice to professional
Practical PHP and MySQL : building eight dynamic web applications
SQL for MySQL developers : a comprehensive tutorial and reference
Demonstrates the features of the SQL-based relational database system, covering configuration, integration with third-party tools, and Web page generation.
MySQL for the internet of things: data management for sensors and connected devices
Mobile food ordering application
PHP and MySQL for dummies
Murach's MySQL
Salam Namaste : web application for a pizza shop using PHP and MYSQL
Mobile user interface to dynamic calendar software
Learning MySQL and MariaDB
Online investment and loan application
Physical failure analysis tasktool
PHP with MySQL
MySQL weekend crash course
Training application for sport coaches
MySQL troubleshooting
High performance MySQL
Thesis purpose is to introduce creating Linux server based cluster for databases with focus being creating, while using minimal amount of resources. For starters thesis is going to introduce programs and methods used to create cluster, also explaining minimum requirements for cluster creation. The aim was to create server cluster, while using minimum amount of resources and while still creating the most useful cluster for enterprise usage. Methods used are going to be covered also to tell basics of the methods. Programs used as basis for the thesis are CentOS 6.6 as operating system and MySQL used as database program that is going to be used for cluster the servers. Base method is master-slave method, but clustering is going to be advanced to master-master state so as professional version is demonstrated. Major obstacles during creating cluster, were finding proper sources to use for thesis and to work out all of possible problems out of the creation. Such as basic configuration changes of operating system for them to work in cluster environment. Cluster was created, but was not integrated to any professional use or was not tested to professional standards. Future of the cases such as mentioned in thesis has not been counted out, because of the usage in future server creation. ^
Learning SQL
Beginning databases with MySQL
PHP 6 and MySQL 5 : for dynamic web sites
Beginning PHP and MySQL : from novice to professional
Just enough web programming with XHTML, PHP and MySQL
Learning PHP And MySQL
High performance MySQL : optimization, backups, and replication
Practical PHP and MySQL web databases : a simplified approach
"With an easy, step-by-step approach, this guide shows beginners how to install, use, and maintain the world's most popular open source database: MySQL. You'll learn through real-world examples and many practical tips, including information on how to improve database performance. Database systems such as MySQL help data handling for organizations large and small, providing robust and efficient access in ways not offered by spreadsheets and other types of data stores. This book is also useful for web developers and programmers interested in adding MySQL to their skill sets. Topics include: Installation and basic administration ; Introduction to databases and SQL ; Functions, subqueries, and other query enhancements ; Improving database performance ; Accessing MySQL from popular languages" --
MySQL and Perl for the Web
Development of a web-based exercise management system
Student monitoring system
MySQL cookbook
Learning PHP and MySQL
MySQL : the definitive guide to using, programming, and administering MySQL4
Making a discussion board with mysql and php
Windmill Monitoring Using PHP
