http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26964 Christian literature
Christian literature
The gift of story : narrating hope in a postmodern world
Studia Patristica. Vol. LV, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 3, Early monasticism and classical paideia, edited by Samuel Ribenson
The story of the apocryphal pope and saint Gregorius was extremely popular throughout the middle ages and later in Europe and beyond.This book traces the story from its English or French origins through its many variations from Iceland to Egypt and from the twelfth to the twenty-first century.
A companion to fifteenth-century English poetry
Selected poems of Gregory of Nazianzus : 1.2.17; II.1.10, 19, 32 : a critical edition with introduction and commentary
A manual of the Wyclif Bible, including the Psalms : dedicated to the memory of Sven L. Fristedt
Perilous passages : the Book of Margery Kempe, 1534-1934
Latin Christian writers in late antiquity and their texts
This volume unlocks the as yet unknown treasure troves of Byzantine religious florilegia and poetry, and monastic kephalaia. The title of this volume, “Theologica Minora”, may wrongly suggest that the essays contained herein purport an antiquarian interest in some minor theological quibbles within the vast ocean that is Byzantine theological literature. On the contrary, this volume illuminates texts and theological genres which have so far remained unexplored or under-investigated by the vast majority of scholars. Whilst unlocking the as yet unknown troves of florilegia, religious poetry, and monastic kephalaia, this volume investigates the cultural background of these different endeavors and provides an image of Byzantine theological literature which repudiates the rigid narratives proposed to date.
From The dairyman's daughter to Worrals of the WAAF : the Religious Tract Society, Lutterworth Press and children's literature
Pauline Allen and Bronwen Neil investigate crisis management as conducted by the increasingly important episcopal class in the 5th and 6th centuries. Their basic source is the neglected corpus of bishops' letters in Greek and Latin, the letter being the most significant mode of communication and information-transfer in the period from 410 to 590 CE.
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXII, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 10, The genres of late antique literature ; Foucault and the practice of patristics ; Patristics studies in Latin America ; Historica
Die Verfasserschaft der traditionell dem Apologeten Athenagoras zugeschriebenen Schrift De Resurrectione und ihre Datierung sind bis heute umstritten. Nikolai Kiel weist in dieser Studie nach, dass der Auferstehungstraktat ein Pseudonym darstellt. Durch eine Verortung des Textes im ideengeschichtlichen Kontext der altkirchlichen Auferstehungsdebatten kann seine Entstehung auf die erste Hälfte des dritten Jahrhunderts datiert werden. Hierzu wird auch der Diskurshorizont des untersuchten Traktats mittels einer Rekonstruktion der in der Leugnung der Totenauferstehung bestehenden gegnerischen Position näher bestimmt. Ausgehend von einem interpretierenden Durchgang durch De Resurrectione leistet der Verfasser einen wesentlichen Beitrag zur patristischen Forschung des apologetischen Zeitalters. -- The authorship of De Resurrectione traditionally ascribed to the apologist Athenagoras, and its dating are controversial to this day. Nikolai Kiel proves in this study that the resurrection treatise is pseudonymous. By positioning the text within the intellectual-historical context of early resurrection debates, its origin can be dated to the first half of the 3rd century. The discourse horizon of the discussed tractate has been determined more precisely by means of a reconstruction of the constituent opposing position. Through his interpretative survey of De Resurrectione, the author has advanced the study of apologetic literature from the early patristic Era.
Oral and manuscript culture in the Bible : studies on the media texture of the New Testament--explorative hermeneutics
Everyday saints and the art of narrative in the South English legendary
The church and literature
The authors of this volume elucidate the remarkable role played by religion in the shaping and reshaping of narrative forms in antiquity and late antiquity in a variety of ways. This is particularly evident in ancient Jewish and Christian narrative, but also in some "pagan" novels such as that of Heliodorus. These essays, from different points of view, illuminate the interplay between narrative and religion, and show how religious concerns and agendas shaped narrative forms in Judaism and early Christianity. These compelling and innovative articles are all based on fresh and often groundbreaking research by outstanding scholars. Contributors: Kathryn Chew, Mark J. Edwards, Erich S. Gruen, Vincent Hunink, Karen L. King, David Konstan, Lautaro Roig Lanzillotta, Dennis R. MacDonald, Laura Salah Nasrallah, Judith Perkins, Richard I. Pervo, Ilaria Ramelli, Svetla Slaveva-Griffin, Lawrence M. Wills.
Forgery and counterforgery : the use of literary deceit in early Christian polemics
Studia Patristica. Vol. LIX, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 7, Early Christian iconographics, edited by Allen Brent and Markus Vinzent
The things we do with words are reflected in texts and we do things with texts just as we do things with words. This book sets out to explore how texts function in a given discourse community, and how the functions that texts may have in that particular community can be identified and assessed from a diachronic perspective.
Seeing faith, printing pictures : religious identity during the English Reformation
Revelation, literature, and community in late antiquity
Literature and society in the fourth century AD : performing Paideia, constructing the present, presenting the self
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Discovering the riches of the word : religious reading in late medieval and early modern Europe
The restitution of man : C.S. Lewis and the case against scientism
A comprehensive study of early Christian pseudepigrapha. Ehrman argues that ancient critics-- pagan, Jewish, and Christian-- understood false authorial claims to be a form of literary deceit, and thus forgeries. Ehrman considers the extent of the phenomenon, assesses the criteria ancient critics applied to expose forgeries and the techniques forgers used to avoid detection. Shining light on an important but overlooked feature of the early Christian world, Ehrman explores the possible motivations of the deceivers who produced these writings, situating their practice within ancient Christian discourses on lying and deceit.
The use of textual criticism for the interpretation of patristic texts : seventeen case studies
Making nothing happen : five poets explore faith and spirituality
Studia Patristica. Vol. LVIII, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 6, Neoplatonism and patristics
Illustrated religious texts in the north of Europe, 1500-1800
The three kings of Cologne : edited from London, Lambeth Palace MS 491
Rediscovering the apocryphal continent : new perspectives on early Christian and late antique apocryphal texts and traditions
Dreaming in Byzantium and beyond
Eusebius of Caesarea : tradition and innovations
Studia Patristica. Vol. LVI, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 4, Rediscovering origen
John Foxe and his world
How the west was won : essays on the literary imagination, the Canon, and the Christian middle ages for Burcht Pranger
Alongside his long-awaited systematic introduction to the Pseudo-Clementines, F. Stanley Jones collects into one volume over thirty new and previously published essays on the Pseudo-Clementines, Elchasai, and Jewish Christianity. This corpus spans three decades of concerted research into manuscripts, ancient witnesses, editions, translations, reconstructions, and historical analysis. A chorus of Jewish Christian voices from second/third-century Syria emerges and reveals distinctive beliefs and literary productions in their interface with contemporary Judaism, gentile Christianity, and the pagan world. "The book of Elchasai", for example, is reconstructed and translated as an eye-opening church order from 116-117 C.E. This volume provides vistas for new appreciations of ancient Jewish Christianity as well as of the sparkling diversity in early Christianity generally.
Mechthild of Magdeburg : selections from The flowing light of the Godhead translated from the Middle High German with introduction, notes, and interpretive essay
The collection of essays focuses on the twin areas of research undertaken by Prof. Michael W. Holmes. These are the sub-disciplines of textual criticism and the study of the Apostolic Fathers. The first part of the volume on textual criticism focuses on issues of method, the praxis of editing and collating texts, and discussions pertaining to individual variants. The second part of the volume assembles essays on the Apostolic Fathers. There is a particular focus on the person and writings of Polycarp, since this is the area of research where Prof. Holmes has worked most intensively.
Forever friday : a novel
Exornatorium Curatorum : Edited from Wynkyn de Worde's Edition in Cambridge, Corpus Christi College, SP.335.2
"In Victorian Reformations: Historical Fiction and Religious Controversy, 1820-1900, Miriam Elizabeth Burstein analyzes the ways in which Christian novelists across the denominational spectrum laid claim to popular genres--most importantly, the religious historical novel--to narrate the aftershocks of 1829, the year of Catholic Emancipation. Both Protestant and Catholic popular novelists fought over the ramifications of nineteenth-century Catholic toleration for the legacy of the Reformation. But despite the vast textual range of this genre, it remains virtually unknown in literary studies. Victorian Reformations is the first book to analyze how "high" theological and historical debates over the Reformation's significance were popularized through the increasingly profitable venue of Victorian religious fiction.By putting religious apologists and controversialists at center stage, Burstein insists that such fiction--frequently dismissed as overly simplistic or didactic--is essential for our understanding of Victorian popular theology, history, and historical novels. Burstein reads "lost" but once exceptionally popular religious novels--for example, by Elizabeth Rundle Charles, Lady Georgiana Fullerton, and Emily Sarah Holt--against the works of such now-canonical figures as Sir Walter Scott, Charles Dickens, and George Eliot, while also drawing on material from contemporary sermons, histories, and periodicals. Burstein demonstrates how these novels, which popularized Christian visions of change for a mass readership, call into question our assumptions about the nineteenth-century historical novel. In addition, her research and her conceptual frameworks have the potential to influence broader paradigms in Victorian studies and novel criticism."In Victorian Reformations, Miriam Elizabeth Burstein persuasively shows how non-canonical Victorian historical novels offer essential insights into the shaping and importance of Victorian religious debates. Informative and well-argued, her book is a significant work for those who are interested in Victorian literature and Victorian religion, as well as the intersection of the two."--Carol Engelhardt Herringer, Wright State University"--
Theologica minora : the minor genres of Byzantine theological literature
Genesis A.
Book and verse : a guide to Middle English biblical literature
The southern version of Cursor mundi. Vol. 1
Princess ever after
The point of view
Studies on the text of the New Testament and early Christianity : essays in hono[u]r of Michael W. Holmes on the occasion of his 65th birthday
Early Christian and Jewish narrative : the role of religion in shaping narrative forms
Shadowed by grace : a story of monuments men
Piety and the people : religious printing in French, 1511-1551
Tertullian and Paul
How to catch a prince
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXIV, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 12, Ascetica ; Liturgica ; Orientalia ; Critica et philologica
Beyond reformation? : an essay on William Langland's Piers Plowman and the end of Constantinian Christianity
Studia patristica. Vol. L, Including papers presented at the national Conference on Patristic Studies held at Cambridge in the Faculty of Divinity in 2009
Sarapion of Thmuis : Against the Manicheans and Pastoral letters
Christianity in the later Roman empire : a sourcebook
Studia Patristica. Vol. LVII, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 5, Evagrius Ponticus on contemplation, edited by Monica Tobon
The successive sets of Studia Patristica contain papers delivered at the International Conferences on Patristic Studies, which meet for a week once every four years in Oxford. These papers range over the whole field, both East and West, from the second century to a section on the Nachleben of the Fathers. The majority are short papers dealing with some small and manageable point; they raise and sometimes resolve questions about the authenticity of documents, dates of events, and such like, and some unveil new texts. The longer papers put such matters into context and indicate wider trends. The whole reflects the state of Patristic scholarship and demonstrates the vigour and popularity of the subject.
Studies the textual alterations in the translation of patristic texts that laid the foundation for the Roman Catholic Church.
King Sisebut and the culture of Visigothic Spain, with translations of the lives of Saint Desiderius of Vienne and Saint Masona of Mérida : Vita vel passio Sancti Desiderii a Sisebuto Rege composita and Vita Sancti Masonae emeretensis
Thrill of the chaste : the allure of Amish romance novels
Thomae Galli Glose super angelica ierarchia : accedunt indices ad Thomae Galli Opera
A struggle for survival : the continuity of catholic religious literature in Holland : the example of Delft (1450-1650)
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXX, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 18, St Augustine and his opponents
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXVIII, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 16, From the fifth century onwards (Greek writers)
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXIII, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 11, Biblica ; Philosophica, theologica, ethica
The intellectual world of C.S. Lewis
Oral and Manuscript Culture in the Bible is the fruit of Professor Loubser's confrontation with how Scripture is read, understood, and used in the Third World situation, which is closer than modern European societies to the social dynamics of the original milieu in which the texts were produced.
By women, for women, about women : the sister-books of fourteenth-century Germany
The portable Bunyan : a transnational history of The pilgrim's progress
Cross-shattered Christ : meditations on the seven last words
Thomae Galli explanatio in libros Dionysii
This sourcebook gathers into a single collection the writings that illuminate one of the most fundamental periods in the history of Christian Europe. Beginning from the Great Persecution of Diocletian and the conversion of Constantine the first Christian Roman emperor, the volume explores Christianity's rise as the dominant religion of the Later Roman empire and how the Church survived the decline and fall of Roman power in the west and converted the Germanic tribes who swept into the western empire. These years of crisis and transformation inspired generations of great writers, among them Eusebius of Caesarea, Ammianus Marcellinus, Julian 'the Apostate', Ambrose of Milan, John Chrysostom, Jerome and Augustine of Hippo. They were also years which saw Christianity face huge challenges on many crucial questions, from the evolution of Christian doctrine and the rise of asceticism to the place of women in the early Church and the emerging relationship between Church and state. All these themes will be made accessible to specialists and general readers alike, and the sourcebook will be invaluable for students and teachers of courses in history and church history, the world of late antiquity, and religious studies.
Greco-Roman culture and the New Testament : studies commemorating the centennial of the Pontifical Biblical Institute
Reading Acts : the lector and the early Christian audience
The church and vernacular literature in medieval France
Gregorius : an incestuous saint in medieval Europe and beyond
The lord will give you the city : intercessor's handbook
Bede and the end of time
Crisis management in late antiquity (410-590 CE) : a survey of the evidence from episcopal letters
God and the Gawain-poet : theology and genre in pearl, cleanness, patience and Sir Gawain and the Green Knight
The metaphorical use of language in deuterocanonical and cognate literature
Since a number of scholars at the Pontifical Biblical Institute have made important contributions to the study of the New Testament in the context of the Greco-Roman world, it seemed appropriate to devote this volume commemorating the centennial of the Biblicum (1909-2009) to that subject. This book contains nine essays by scholars from Europe, the United States, Australia and Jerusalem, each exploring the ways in which aspects of the New Testament can be illuminated by recourse to Greco-Roman texts.
One hundred practical texts of perception and spiritual discernment from Diadochos of Photike
The vision of Theophilus : the flight of the Holy Family into Egypt
Reading and writing during the dissolution : Monks, Friars, and Nuns 1530-1558
Dictionary of early Christian literature
The influence of the Gospel of Saint Matthew on Christian literature before Saint Irenaeus. Book 3, The Apologists and the Didache
Metaphors are a vital linguistic component of religious speech and serve as a cultural indicator of how groups understand themselves and the world. The essays compiled in this volume analyze the use, function, and structure of metaphors in Jewish writings from the Hellenistic-Roman period (including the works of Philo and the texts of Qumran), as well as in apocryphal early Christian texts and inscriptions.
Although St. Anthony the Great, St. Athanasius of Alexandria, and the Desert Fathers have received considerable attention in early Christian studies, St. Sarapion of Thmuis has remained in relative obscurity. This book introduces the thought of this early Egyptian monastic bishop, highlighting the importance of both Sarapion's biblical hermeneutics and his utilization of Stoic philosophy. It includes an argument for Sarapion's authorship of the Letter to the Monks as well as translations of Sarapion's three extant writings: Letter to Bishop Eudoxios, Letter to the Monks, and Against the Manichaeans.
Studia Patristica. Vol. LIV, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 2, Biblical quatations in patristic texts, edited by Laurence Mellerin and Hugh A. G. Houghton
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXI, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 9, The Holy Spirit and divine inspiration in Augustine, edited by Jonathan Yates
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Studia Patristica. Vol. LX, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 8, New perspectives on late antique spectacula, edited by Karin Schlapbach
Christian Oxyrhynchus : texts, documents, and sources
The present fascicle supplements the 2007 edition of the two anonymous poems Liber prefigurationum Christi et Ecclesie and Liber de gratia Noui Testamenti. It offers a number of improvements at various levels to the original edition. The main witness of the text has been re-examined, which has resulted in the uncovering of some complementary readings, especially in the Liber de gratia. A completely revised edition of this text has been printed, together with complete new indices to both poems.
How might late second/early third century readings of Paul illuminate our understanding of the first century texts? A close comparison of Tertullian and Paul reveals the former to be both a dubious and a profoundly insightful interpreter of the latter. With growing interest in the field of patristic exegesis, there is a need for examination of Tertullian's readings of Paul. Tertullian, the first among the significant Latin writers, shaped generations of Christians by providing both a vocabulary for and an exposition of elemental Christian doctrines, wherein he relied heavily on Pauline texts and appropriated them for his own use. This new collection of essays presents a collaborative attempt to understand, critique, and appreciate one of the earliest and most influential interpreters of Paul, and thereby better understand and appreciate both the dynamic event of early patristic exegesis and the Pauline texts themselves. Each chapter takes a two pronged approach, beginning with a patristic scholar considering the topic at hand, before a New Testament response. This results in a fast paced and illuminating interdisciplinary volume.
The Didache : the epistle of Barnabas, the epistles and the martyrdom of St. Polycarp, the fragments of Papias, the epistle to Diognetus
The English poems of George Herbert
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXVII, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 15, Cappadonian writers ; The seconda half of the fourth century
Most early Christians could not read, points out Schiell, a Baptist pastor in Texas, so the writings that have survived to the present were intended to be read aloud, to be performed in public. He argues that the performance of a text significantly affected an audience's understanding and interpretation of Christian writings.
How to do things with texts : patterns of instruction in religious discourse 1350-1700
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXI, Including papers presented at the Conferences on Early Roman Liturgy to 600 (14.11.2009 and 27.2.2010) at Blackfriars Hall, Oxford, UK
Pottery, pavements, and paradise : iconographic and textual studies on late antiquity
These essays on late antiquity traverse a territory in which Christian and pagan imagery and practices compete, coexist, and intermingle. The iconography of the most significant late antique ceramic, African Red Slip Ware, is an important and relatively unexploited vehicle for documenting the diversity and interpenetration of late antique cultures. Literary texts and art in other media, particularly mosaics, provide imagery that complement and enhance the messages of the ceramics. Popular entertainments, pagan cults, mythic heroes, beasts, monsters, and biblical visions are themes dealt with on the patrician and popular levels. With interpretive supplements from these diverse realms, it is possible to achieve greater insight into the life, attitudes, and thought of Late Antiquity.
A trained philosopher and intellectual historian as well as a writer of genius, C. S. Lewis was one of the most lucid, profound, and eloquent critics of the reductive scientific materialism that has helped make the twentieth century so destructive and confused. The Restitution of Man examines the conflict between scientific materialism and the Christian philosophical tradition as it has taken place since the seventeenth century. It examines Lewis's role as inheritor of and spokesman of this tradition and as an articulate opponent of reductive naturalism and "the abolition of man" that materialistic ideologies always entail. In probing the breadth of Lewis's writings, Michael Aeschliman shows why Lewis's apologetic for the Christian view of man is a precious resource for the transmission of human sanity, ethics, and wisdom in an age that has frequently ignored or obliterated all three. This revised edition of Aeschliman's acclaimed study includes a new foreword by George Gilder and a new afterword by the author.
Victorian Reformations : historical fiction and religious controversy, 1820-1900
This volume collects the contributions of a group of North American scholars who started rethinking, in 2004, the traditional category of New Testament Apocrypha, largely dominated by theological concerns, according to the new perspectives of a greater continuity not only between Second Temple Jewish and early Christian scriptural productions, but also between early Christian and late antique apocryphal literatures. This is the result of the confluence of two, so far, alternative approaches: on the one hand, the deconstruction of the customary categories, inherited from ancient heresiology, of "Jewish Christianity" and "Gnosticism," and on the other hand, the new awareness that the production of new apocryphal texts did not cease at the end of the third century but continued well into late antiquity and beyond. These papers bring together for the first time the typically North American need to reconsider "The Ways That Never Parted" and other artificially drawn "Border Lines" with the more European attention paid to the phenomenon of apocryphicity in the long term. In the twenty essays published here, different facets of this apocryphal continent are newly explored, from the Christian appropriation of Jewish stories and literary genres, with a special emphasis on the case of the late antique Pseudo-Clementines and their hypothetical Jewish Christian source, to the complex and controversial situation of the narrative roles attributed to such figures as Judas Iscariot, Mary of Magdala, Mary the mother of Jesus, or Peter. These new insights are particularly relevant not only for the history of the first Jesus movement but also, and especially, for gaining a better understanding of the ways Judaism and Christianity evolved initially together, then side by side, according to a process of differentiation that took more time than previously thought.
Once upon a prince
"Authoritative, comprehensive presentation of Christian texts and texts about Christians in the Oxyrhynchus papyri"--Blumell and Wayment present a thorough compendium of all published papyri, parchments, and patristic sources that relate to Christianity at Oxyrhynchus before the fifth century CE. Christian Oxyrhynchus provides new and expanded editions of Christian literary and documentary texts that include updated readings, English translations--some of which represent the first English translation of a text--and comprehensive notes. The volume features New Testament texts carefully collated against other textual witnesses and a succinct introduction for each Oxyrhynchus text that provides information about the date of the papyrus, its unique characteristics, and textual variants. Documentary texts are grouped both by genre and date, giving readers access to the Decian Libelli, references to Christians in third- and fourth-century texts, and letters written by Christians. A compelling resource for researchers, teachers, and students, Christian Oxyrhynchus enables broad access to these crucial primary documents beyond specialists in papyrology, Greek, Latin, and Coptic.
"In Beyond Reformation? An Essay on William Langland's Piers Plowman and the End of Constantinian Christianity, David Aers presents a sustained and profound close reading of the final version of William Langland's Piers Plowman, the most searching Christian poem of the Middle Ages in English. His reading, most unusually, seeks to explore the relations of Langland's poem to both medieval and early modern reformations together with the ending of Constantinian Christianity. Aers concentrates on Langland's extraordinarily rich ecclesiastic politics and on his account of Christian virtues and the struggles of Conscience to discern how to go on in his often baffling culture. The poem's complex allegory engages with most institutions and forms of life. In doing so, it explores moral languages and their relations to current practices and social tendencies. Langland's vision conveys a strange sense that in his historical moment some moral concepts were being transformed and some traditions the author cherished were becoming unintelligible. Beyond Reformation? seeks to show how Langland grasped subtle shifts that were difficult to discern in the fourteenth century but were to become forces with a powerful future in shaping Western Christianity" --
Two revisions of Rolle's English Psalter commentary and the related canticles
Þe instytucyonys and specyal dedys of relygyows carmelitys
Studia Patristica. Vol. LIII, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 1, Former directors
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXIV, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 13, The first two centuries ; Apocrypha ; Tertullian and rhetoric ; From Tertullian to Tyconius
The Barber who wanted to pray
The Church and the languages of Italy before the Council of Trent
An anthology of Syriac writers from Qatar in the seventh century
The C. S. Lewis encyclopedia : a complete guide to his life, thought, and writings
A patristic Greek reader
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXVI, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 14, Clement of Alexandria ; The fourth-century debates
A goy who speaks Yiddish : Christians and the Jewish language in early modern Germany
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXIX, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 17, Latin writers ; Nachleben
