http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26950 friendliness
friendliness
Analysis and life cycle assessment of printed antennas for sustainable wireless systems
Abstract.
The sustainable home : the essential quide to eco building, renovation and decoration
Roo : the roaring dinosaur
Environmental criteria in public procurement : focus on tender documents
Environmentally friendly machining
Wood in sustainable construction - a material perspective : learning from vernacular architecture
The role of ash-forming elements in bed material agglomeration and utilization of ash for the preparation of geopolymers
The greatest guide to green living
The little Bully
Material revolution II : new sustainable and multi-purpose materials for design and architecture
Green procurement in Kenyan hospitals : exploring the awareness and opportunities for Kenyan hospitals to implement green procurement
Architects, Designers, And Contractors are increasingly familiar with the policies, procedures, and guidelines for achieving sustainable, or "green" building standards. But what about the green building materials themselves? What are they, what are the options, and how shuld you decide what to specify? --
A maze of new products, manufacturers, and standards are routinely introduced, leaving professionals to wonder what's best for their projects. This handy primer--the perfect companion to Traci Rider's Understanding Green Building Guidelines--summarizes the materials available, compares their advantages and disadvantages, explains how to use them and explores the considerations for choosing among them. From eco-friendly sheetrock to sustainable paint finishes, it lays out the basics of green building products, helping architecture and design professionals make sense of the fast-paced building movement. --Book Jacket.
Strategies for Sustainable Technologies and Innovations
Green Marketing Plan Developments and an Investigation into its Application : A Case Study of the Left & Right Hotel, Shenyang, China
Textiles : concepts and principles
Environmentally responsible design : green and sustainable design for interior designers
Invisible nature : healing the destructive divide between people and the environment
Green Cleaning for Dummies
The shape of green : aesthetics, ecology, and design
The crow's tale : a Lenni Lenape native American legend
Greener Aggregate Industry
Carbohydrates in sustainable development. II : a mine for functional molecules and materials
Knit, purl, save the world : knit and crochet projects for eco-friendly stitchers
Only planet : a flight-free adventure around the world
Cycling science : how rider and machine work together
Peace, baby!
Analyzing the impact on consumer satisfaction, behavior and at-titudes by using eco-friendly practices and products in Surfers Paradise/Gold Coast city hotels, Australia.
Roo the roaring dinosaur
Greener products : the making and marketing of sustainable brands
Beyond green:/ : [sustainability & fashion]
Environmentally friendly production of pulp and paper
Product Service Systems design in the age of sustainability : A Case Study of City Car Club
The influence of the accomodation sector on tourism development and its sustainability : case study: Strand Camping, Larsmo
Sustainable design book
A concept for capturing fruit flies in domestic homes
Green logistics in logistics industry in Finland : case:  Inex Partners Oy and Suomen Kaukokiito Oy
Attitudes towards sustainable development
Sustainable fashion : new approaches
Tecknological measurements in the mining industry in relation to environmentally friendly mining
How green is my library?
"Upholstered" chair : an alternative to foam padding
Eco-friendliness in the brand experience of high-tech products
What makes us environmentally friendly? : social psychological studies on environmental concern, components of morality and emotional connectedness to nature
Koke-a : touch, feel, and wake up the senses
Ecology and the architectural imagination
Technical and economic feasibility of demountable building concepts
Sustainable fashion : what's next? : a conversation about issues, practices and possibilities
Turning challenges into opportunities : a carbon neutral vision for electricity and district heat for 2050.
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Conference proceedings : 15th international passive house conference 2011
A practical guide to greener, planet-friendly gardening. It includes garden layouts and planting plans, step-by-step techniques, a directory of 80 plants and over 500 photographs and illustrations. It shows how to reduce your garden's 'carbon footprint' and create a greener, ecologically sustainable garden by working with nature.
The integrative design guide to green building : redefining the practice of sustainability
Roadmap to sustainable textiles and clothing : eco-friendly raw materials, technologies, and processing methods
Greener approach to leather techniques
Knitting green : conversations and planet-friendly projects
Cause and Effect : visualizing sustainability
Sustainable ceramics : a practical approach
Earth-friendly waste management
The connections between green economy and biomimicry
Material revolution : sustainable and multi-purpose materials for design and architecture
The five side effects of kindness : this book will make you feel better, be happier & live longer
Carbohydrates in sustainable development. I : renewable resources for chemistry and biotechnology
Sustainability strategies : when does it pay to be green?
How to create an eco garden : the practical guide to greener, planet-friendly gardening, garden layouts and planting plans, step-by-step techniques, a directory of 80 plants and over 500 photographs and illustrations
Footpath flowers
Conceptual design for interactive systems : designing for performance and user experience
Green manufacturing : fundamentals and applications
Craft of use : post-growth fashion
The moneyless man
The big book of packaging
Paper- and membrane-based ion-modulated electronics
The fundamentals of interior design
Crafts for styling your wardrobe
Pro-environmental behavior : in and off work : a case study with EDP employees (São Paulo, Brazil)
Ecopolis : architecture and cities for a changing climate
Sustainable housing project : implementing a conceptual approach
The purpose of this thesis is to offer up to date information on the international students’ knowledge and attitude towards sustainable development in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. This thesis was commissioned by the Oulu University of Applied Sciences Sustainable Development Team. Similar study was conducted with the Finnish students in 2011. The research task was done in two parts. First the survey questions were translated to English and a few questions were added to gather more background information on the respondents. The primary research included data collection with an online survey, analysis and summary. The online survey was sent to all the students in English speaking degree programmes. The main conclusions from the survey were that the international students had good basic knowledge in sustainable development. Overall the students’ attitudes towards sustainable development were positive. Students felt that sustainable development issues are handled well in the schools everyday operations and that sustainable development teaching should be more practical.
Environmentally Friendly Luxury Hotel : case: Grand Palace Hotel, Riga, Latvia
Understanding green building materials
Environmental economics and natural resource management
Non-toxic printmaking
Identifying constraints and possibilities to environmental purchasing : transportation services
The main factors influencing green consumer’s purchasing behavior in Chinese clothing market Case RYB
Human and nature minding automation : an overview of concepts, methods, tools and applications
Esther the Kindness fairy
The significance of environmental responsibility on airline customers' intention to purchase
Green Chemistry : environmentally benign reactions
The research analysis of the green label's impact on the consumer purchase behavior
Paffy : a craft-kit for grandparents and their grandchildren
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
Why shrink-wrap a cucumber? : The complete guide to environmental packaging
