http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26965 identity theft
identity theft
Future crimes : everything is connected, everyone is vulnerable and what we can do about it
Network forensics : tracking hackers through cyberspace
The Quantum Thief
Namesquatting and trademarks : Finnish trademark holders' chances of obtaining redress when being namesquatted on social networks
Banshee. The complete fourth season
I'll Walk Alone
The peculiar life of a lonely postman
Kiss me first
I'll walk alone
Cyberphobia : identity, trust, security and the Internet
Raising a digital child : a digital citizenship handbook for parents
Being virtual : who you really are online
Banshee. The complete second season
Väärät paperit : Identity thief
Identity
What is the behavior of criminals concerning identity theft online?
The identity man
Banshee. The complete third season
The imposter
Stealing your life : the ultimate identity theft prevention plan
Phishing and countermeasures : understanding the increasing problem of electronic identity theft
Identity Theft, Inc. : a wild ride with the world's #1 identity thief
The quantum thief
50 ways to protect your identity in a digital age : new financial threats you need to know and how to avoid them
Extreme mean : trolls, bullies and predators online
Protecting your internet identity : are you naked online?
Who's spying on you? : the looming threat to your privacy, identity, and family in the digital age
Today people have an offline reputation and image, but are increasingly creating one or more online personas. Their online image is having an impact on them in many ways. Employers are hiring and firing based on people s online activities. Criminals are using online identities to abuse or steal from victims. Cyberbullies are taking advantage of those who reveal themselves as vulnerable on grieving or eating disorder sites. Schools are denying admission based on adolescent behaviors broadcast online in social networking sites or media sharing sites such as YouTube. Protecting Your Internet Identity: Are you Naked Online? helps readers understand the implications of their online personas, how they may be putting themselves at risk, and how to take charge of this important new aspect of their lives for career and personal success. Offering simple, specific steps readers can take to analyze their online image, determine who they want to be online, and turn their online reputation around, this book is the go-to source for protecting your online image and projecting the persona you want others to see. The authors offer key advice on: .Changing privacy settings .Purging unwanted personal content .Recognizing the risks and pitfalls of online identities .Utilizing social networking to your advantage .Protecting your kids online .Curbing unwanted spying on your searches and interests .Preventing identity theft and other online dangers .Redeeming your online image .Projecting a more professional image.
The fractal prince
Wake up happy every day
To rise again at a decent hour : a novel
Computer forensics and cyber crime : an introduction
