http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26955 financial account
financial account
Financial statement analysis : using financial accounting information
As an HR manager, you're expected to use financial data to make decisions, allocate resources, and budget expenses. This guide provides you with an understanding of the basics of financial management and measurement.
Financial analysis of project delivery systems : road projects' operational performance data revisited
Financial management for the small business
International financial statistics : supplement on balance of payments
International money & finance
Financial and managerial accounting
A general SCF theory
Exchange rates and international finance
"An introduction to the basic management accounting concepts and applications"--Back cover.
International Finance is an established and internationally renowned introduction to the subject for undergraduate and postgraduate students. It draws on recent events to provide comprehensive coverage of traditional theories and new research relating to the balance of payments, exchange rate determination and the international monetary system.
Financial accounting : international financial reporting standards
Guide to analysing companies
Financial accounting, reporting and analysis
International financial statistics yearbook
Principles of macroeconomics
World trade and payments : an introduction
Financial accounts 1999 : in accordance with the European system of accounts (ESA95) : financial balance sheets, financial transactions
Introduction to international economics
International money and finance
Introduction to financial statements in Finland ; [julkaisija: KHT-yhdistys]
European economy. Reports and studies. 1994, 2, The economic and financial situation in Germany
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2008.. 2008 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103
Making sense of the dollar : exposing dangerous myths about trade and foreign exchange
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
How to Understand Business Finance
Accounting in a nutshell
International financial statistics. Country notes
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2009 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103.
Understanding financial statements
Financial intelligence for HR professionals : what you really need to know about the numbers
Financial accounting : an international introduction
Financial intelligence for entrepreneurs : what you really need to know about numbers
Financial statement analysis and the evaluation of investment, financing and dividend policy decisions of the firm : theoretical framework and empirical experiments with an interactive computer application
The financial crisis
Financial accounting : an international perspective
Financial analysis : a managerial introduction
Financial & managerial accounting : the basis for business decisions
Accounts demystified : the astonishingly simple guide to accounting
The analysis and use of financial statements
Financial statement analysis
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2007 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2007
Accounts demystified : how to understand financial accounting and analysis
Financial accounting
Basic management accounting for the hospitality industry
Financial statement analysis and security valuation
Financial reporting and corporate governance
This book presents the concepts, theory and applications in a clear and concise manner. The eighteen chapters of the book are divided into two main parts, progressing from micro to macro economics, illustrated throughout by the use of examples. The third edition updates the real world data and includes a new chapter on the economic implications of major environmental factors such as pollution and traffic congestion, and expanded material on long-run production, regional policy, monetary union, deregulation and aggregate demand and supply.  KEY FEATURES clear and straightforward  ideal as an introductory text  up to date with all recent policy changes and European developments numerous illustrative examples and self-test questions with answers.   CONTENTS 1.The nature and scope of economics  2.Demand supply and marketing equilibrium   3.Elasticity   4.Consumer theory  5.Production and costs   6.Theory of the firm: perfect competition and monopoly   7.Theory of the firm: monopolistic competition and oligopoly  8.Wages   9.Interest, profits and rent  10.National income accounting  11.National income determination  12.Unemployment  13.Inflation  14.Money and banking  15.Public expenditure and finance  16.International trade and protection  17.The balance of payments and exchange rates  18.Impact of environmental factors  19.Managing the economy  Index.
Introduction to financial statements in Finland
Consolidated financial statements : concepts, issues and techniques
Techniques of financial analysis
Financial statement analysis : valuation, credit analysis, executive compensation
Determinants of current account balances
Techniques of financial analysis : a modern approach
Financial analysis with Microsoft Excel
International finance
A guide to the analysis of financial statements of Finnish companies
Financial accounting and reporting
The essence of financial accounting
Financial analysis
Introduction to accounting and finance
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2003 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2003.. 2003 : 98. vuosikerta = årgång 98 = volume 98
The finances of Europe
Analysis of financial statements
The guide to the analysis of financial statements of Finnish companies
Entrepreneurial finance : finance for small business
