http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26908 sports accidents
sports accidents
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Risk management in the outdoors : a whole-of-organisation approach for education, sport and recreation
Genetic and environmental effects on hearing acuity and the association between hearing acuity, mobility and falls in older women
Consumer Agency's guidelines for the promotion of safety on ski slopes
Summary: Student health survey 2000 : a national survey among Finnish university students.
To keep fit and function : effects of three exercise programs on multiple risk factors for falls and related fractures in home-dwelling older women
Visual acuity in relation to functional performance, falls and mortality in old age
Relationships between depressive symptoms and self-reported unintentional injuries: the cross-sectional population-based FIN-D2D survey
Occupational ergonomics : work related musculoskeletal disorders of the upper limb and back
Gymnastics safety manual : The official manual of the United States gymnastics safety association
Starting again : early rehabilitation after traumatic brain injury or other severe brain lesion
Science-based rehabilitation : theories into practice
Target programme for the prevention of home and leisure accident injuries 2014-2020.
The power of death : contemporary reflections on death in western society
Early signs of mobility decline and physical activity counseling as a preventive intervention in older people
Anatomy of sports injuries : for fitness and rehabilitation
Exercise in older women : effects on falls, function, fear of falling and finances
Acute Achilles tendon rupture : epidemiology and treatment
The Achilles tendon is the strongest and largest of human tendons, and its proper function is essential for normal gait. Most acute Achilles tendon injuries occur during sports, particularly in ball games. The purposes of this study were (1) to examine the incidence of total Achilles tendon rupture (ATR) over a 33-year period in the city of Oulu and to investigate its changes with respect to age, sex, and injury mechanism. (2) to compare ≥10-year outcomes of two postoperative regimens after ATR repair: early weightbearing with early mobilization versus early weightbearing with early immobilization in tension, (3) to compare clinical outcome and calf muscle strength recovery after conservative treatment or open surgical repair of acute ATR, followed by identical accelerated rehabilitation programs. The overall incidence per 100 000 person years increased from 2.1 in 1979 to 21.5 in 2011. The incidence increased in all age groups. The incidence of sports-related ruptures increased during the second 11-year period, whereas the incidence of non-sports-related ruptures increased steadily over the entire study period. Early mobilization and immobilization in tension after ATR repair resulted in similar clinical outcomes and isokinetic strengths. Regardless of patient satisfaction with the operative treatment, calf muscle strength did not recover normally, even at the 10-year follow-up. Surgery and conservative treatment of acute ATR resulted in similar Achilles tendon performance score after 18 months, but surgery restored calf muscle strength earlier. Surgery also resulted in better health-related quality of life in the domains of physical functioning and bodily pain. Conservative treatment with a functional protocol is recommended for a large majority of patients. However, patients with high physical expectations could still benefit from operative treatment. In conclusion, the incidence of ATR is rising, postoperative immobilization and early mobilization result in similar long-term results in terms of the Achilles tendon performance score and calf muscle function, and conservative treatment with a functional protocol is the preferred treatment for the majority of patients.
Chronic musculoskeletal injuries in the workplace
