http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26983 first-person narrator
first-person narrator
Life stories, narrativity, and the search for the self
Origins of the individualist self : autobiography and self-identity in England, 1591-1791
The honeymoon sisters
" The challenge of life and literary narrative is the central and perennial mystery of how people encounter, manage, and inhabit a self and a world of their own - and others' - creations. With a nod to the eminent scholar and psychologist Jerome Bruner, Life and Narrative: The Risks and Responsibilities of Storying Experience explores the circulation of meaning between experience and the recounting of that experience to others. A variety of arguments center around the kind of relationship life and narrative share with one another. In this volume, rather than choosing to argue that this relationship is either continuous or discontinuous, editors Brian Schiff, A. Elizabeth McKim, and Sylvie Patron and their contributing authors reject the simple binary and masterfully incorporate a more nuanced approach that has more descriptive appeal and theoretical traction for readers. Exploring such diverse and fascinating topics as 'Narrative and the Law,' 'Narrative Fiction, the Short Story, and Life,' 'The Body as Biography,' and 'The Politics of Memory,' Life and Narrative features important research and perspectives from both up-and-coming researchers and prominent scholars in the field - many of which who are widely acknowledged for moving the needle forward on the study of narrative in their respective disciplines and beyond. "--
"Life and Narrative examines the perennial mystery of how persons encounter, manage, and inhabit a self and a world of their own--and others'--creation and the ramifications of such creations. From literary and social science perspectives, this volume grapples with the process of how life and narrative interact"--
Narrative unreliability in the twentieth-century first-person novel
Lavish self-divisions : the novels of Joyce Carol Oates
Autobiography
Autobiographical memory and the construction of a narrative self : developmental and cultural perspectives
Models of self : Russian women's autobiographical texts
Moonglow : a novel
The list of my desires
Thirteen moons : a novel
History impossible : narrating and motivating the past
Rewriting the self : history, memory, narrative
Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
"How to Set a Fire and Why is a blistering, singular, devastating novel by Jesse Ball ("A young genius who hits all of the right notes." --Chicago Tribune) about a teenage girl who has lost everything and will burn anything. Lucia has been kicked out of school, again, this time for stabbing a boy in the neck with a pencil. Her father is dead; her mother is in a mental institute; and she's living in a garage-turned-bedroom with her aunt. Making her way through the world with only a book, a Zippo lighter, and a pocket full of stolen licorice, Lucia spends her days riding the bus to visit her mother in The Home, avoiding the landlord who hates her, and following the only rule that makes any sense: Don't Do Things You Aren't Proud Of. When Lucia starts at Whistler High it seems no different from the schools that came before: girls play field hockey, chasing the ball like dogs, the school psychologist has beanbag chairs in her office, and detention means sitting silently surrounded by stupid people ("I am a veteran of detention"). But when Lucia discovers a secret Arson Club, she will do anything to be a part of it. With a biting wit and striking intelligence that she can't fully hide, Lucia animates her small-town life: the parties at an abandoned water park, visits to the 24-hour donut shop where her friend Lana's cousin works, the little island in the middle of a medical park where kids go to drink. As Lucia's fascination with the Arson Club grows, her chronicle becomes a riveting story of family, loss, misguided friendship, and destruction"--
Identity and story : creating self in narrative
The occupation trilogy
Poppy's house has always had at least one little foster-brother or sister. But when her mum announces they'll be getting a new foster-child, she isn't expecting it to be Sadie Shaw. Sadie is hard as nails, cold as ice, tougher than a tiger - and she's the new girl in Poppy's class at school. They'd never be seen together in public. Now they're sharing a bathroom. Sadie and Poppy have a secret. They may not like each other, but their mums are sisters - who haven't even spoken for years. But now Sadie's mum's disappeared, her dad's in prison and Poppy's mum is treating her like a long-lost daughter. How can Mum fall for Sadie's sweet-as-honey act - when Poppy knows all too well what she's really like?
The personal camera : subjective cinema and the essay film
The human script : a novel in 23 chromosomes
Where all light tends to go
Shoes for Anthony
How to set a fire and why
This volume deals with the occurrence and development of unreliable first-person narration in twentieth century Western literature. The different articles approach this topic both from the angle of literary theory and through a close reading of literary texts from a variety of national literatures, including French, Italian, German, British, Dutch, Danish and Polish. In this way, the collection highlights the different uses to which unreliability has been put in different contexts, poetical traditions and literary movements.
Promoting teachers' personal and professional growth
Memory, narrative, identity : remembering the self
Inventing personality : Gordon Allport and the science of selfhood
The summer without men
The people in the trees
Imagined childhoods : self and society in autobiographical accounts
Picturing ourselves
Life and narrative : the risks and responsibilities of storying experience
Understanding youth : perspectives, identities and practices
A concise Chinese-English dictionary for lovers
Teacher narrative as critical inquiry : rewriting the script
Deaf identities in the making : local lives, transnational connections
Summary.
Landscape with shipwreck : first person cinema and the films of Philip Hoffman
Useful selves : Russian women's autobiographical texts from the postwar period
Neo-slave narratives : studies in the social logic of a literary form
Norbert Elias : civilization, and the human self-image
"Today I'm five" : child narrators engaging adult readers in Room and The night rainbows
After pomp and circumstance : high school reunion as an autobiographical occasion
The watcher
Summer house with swimming pool
Narratives in action : a strategy for research and analysis
Representations of the self from the Renaissance to Romanticism
The development of a postmodern self : a computer-assisted comparative analysis of personal documents
How our lives become stories : making selves
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Transit
The art of reflection : women artists' self-portraiture on the twentieth century
How do we know who we are? : a biography of the self
