http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2695 balance sheets
balance sheets
National accounts statistics : main aggregates and detailed tables, 2000
Model financial statements for public and private companies
Energy Balance of Northern Savonia 2008
How to read a financial report : wringing vital signs out of the numbers
A Straightforward guide to accounts and bookkeeping for small business
The financial crisis
Accounting the easy way
Financial accounts 1999 : in accordance with the European system of accounts (ESA95) : financial balance sheets, financial transactions
Assessment of packaging material life cycle
Introduction to financial accounting
As an HR manager, you're expected to use financial data to make decisions, allocate resources, and budget expenses. This guide provides you with an understanding of the basics of financial management and measurement.
Accounting for non-accounting students
Know how 3.0 : liiketalouden perusteet = grunderna i företagsekonomi = introduction to corporate finance
Suomen ulkomaankauppa. Osa 1 = Foreign trade of Finland. Volume = Utrikeshandel för Finland. Del 1
Financial statement analysis and security valuation
Abstract.
Factors controlling the surface energy budget over snow and ice
National accounts statistics : main aggregates and detailed tables, 1999
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
The McGraw-Hill 36-hour accounting course
Rahalaitokset. 2002 = Monetära finansinstitut. 2002 = Monetary financial institutions. 2002
Financial accounting
Financial accounting and reporting
National accounts statistics : main aggregates and detailed tables, 2001
The elasticity-absorption, monetary, and portfolio balance approaches, and the Mundell-Fleming theorem in a general approach to the balance of payments
Metsätilinpito 1990-1998 = Forest accounting 1990-1998
Introduction to financial statements in Finland
Financial intelligence for entrepreneurs : what you really need to know about numbers
The development of external balances in the Nordic countries
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
Accounts demystified : the astonishingly simple guide to accounting
FEE European Survey of Published Accounts 1991.
Hydrological, oceanic and atmospheric experience from BALTEX : extended abstracts of the XXII EGS Assembly, Vienna, Austria, April 21-25, 1997
The value of debt : how to manage both sides of a balance sheet to maximize wealth
Financial and managerial accounting
Financial management for the small business
Estimating forest growth and carbon balance based on climate-sensitive forest growth model and remote sensing data
Financial accounting : an international perspective
"An introduction to the basic management accounting concepts and applications"--Back cover.
Silvicultural decisions based on simulation-optimization systems
Forest inventory-based large-scale forest biomass and carbon budget assessment : new enhanced methods and use of remote sensing for verification
Financial intelligence for HR professionals : what you really need to know about the numbers
Study of the heat balance of the forest
Fundamentals of corporate finance
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
The main purpose of this book is to explore the influence of reform on changes in China's economic relations with Japan after the late 1970s. There are three reasons for investigating the links between Chinese reform and bilateral economic relations at this particular juncture in history. First, in the past two decades reform has meant that China has enjoyed faster economic growth than Japan.
Essays in exchange rates, business cycles and growth
Introduction to financial statements in Finland ; [julkaisija: KHT-yhdistys]
Fiscal policy in a two-sector model of a small open economy
National accounts statistics. Government accounts and tables
The analysis and use of financial statements
National accounts of OECD countries
Financial accounting demystified
The essence of financial accounting
Essays on current account imbalances
Financial statement analysis : using financial accounting information
Accounting principles for non-executive directors
On diversity effects of alternative agricultural policy reforms in Finland : an agricultural sector modelling approach
The information content of consolidated vs. parent-only earnings : Finnish evidence
The economy of brands
The theory of international economic policy. Vol. 1, The balance of payments
The monetary approach to the balance of payments, exchange rates, and world inflation
National accounts of OECD countries. Volume 1, Main aggregates = Comptes nationaux des pays de l'OEDC. Volume 1, Principaux agrégats
China's relations with Japan in an era of economic liberalisation
The study analyses developments in the structure of Moscow banks' balance sheets, returns and costs of their different banking operations, as well as the banks' profitability, liquidity and capital adequacy.The analysis covers the years 1995-1997 when Russia was attempting to pursue a macroeconomic policy aimed at monetary stabilisation.An assessment is also given of the problems which were evolving in the Russian banking system before banks were hit by Russia's financial crisis in summer 1998. The analysis itself presents rather detailed data on the balance sheets and banking operations of a large sample of banks registered in Moscow; at the peak, the sample consisted of 688 banks. Keywords: Russian banks, bank credit, Treasury bills, deposits, interest rates, bank regulation .
Accounting demystified
The theory of the balance of trade in England : a study in mercantilism
National accounts of OECD countries. Volume II, Detailed tables = Comptes nationaux des pays de l'OCDE, Tableaux détaillés
Assessment of Packaging Material Life Cycle
Understanding financial statements
Basic management accounting for the hospitality industry
Accounts demystified : how to understand and use company accounts
Growth limitation of trees and carbon balance of the vegetation in the treeline zone in north eastern Lapland
Bacterial communities in stratified humic lakes
Financial accounting : international financial reporting standards
IFRS, fair value and corporate governance : the impact on budgets, balance sheets and management accounts
The use of foliage and soil information for managing the nutrition of Sitka and Norway spruce on cutaway peatlands
Profitability of combining rehabilitation with hotel products and services : a case company study
"Award-winning strategies to drive game changing meaningful results during the most challenging economy in decades Drawing from executive and thought leader Bob Paladino's research and advisory experiences and collaboration with award-winning and high-performing organizations, this sequel his global best seller Innovative Corporate Performance Management: Five Key Principles to Accelerate Results provides a clear road map for executing enterprise strategy. Reveals a proven implementation model that has accelerated breakthrough results Shares over 40 new, innovative best practices common to Malcolm Baldrige, Balanced Scorecard Hall of Fame, Sterling quality, Fortune 100 Best, APQC, and Forbes award winners Provides a CPM Process Blueprint and diagnostic to score your organization and establish a plan for your award winning performance Offers a fresh approach to integrating proven methodologies proven by case companies that have been awarded over 100 awards Includes key process maps, strategic planning frameworks, strategy maps, customer and competitor intelligence methods, balanced scorecards, comparative tables, project plans, testimonials, charts, graphs, and screen shots of CPM, CRM, BSC and KM systems. All-new case studies and best practice research are included from world-renowned enterprises as well as insights from executives who have won the most globally recognized awards in business."--
A general SCF theory
Financial & managerial accounting : the basis for business decisions
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Managerial accounting for the hospitality industry
Balance of payments and international investment position
"An updated new edition of the comprehensive guide to reading and understanding financial reportsFinancial reports provide vital information to investors, lenders, and managers. Yet, the financial statements in a financial report seem to be written in a foreign language that only accountants can understand. This new Eighth Edition of How to Read a Financial Report breaks through that language barrier, clears away the fog, and offers a plain-English user's guide to financial reports. This updated edition features new information on the move toward separate financial and accounting reporting standards for private companies, the emergence of websites offering financial information, pending changes in the auditor's report language and what this means to investors, and requirements for XBRL tagging in reporting to the SEC, among other topics. Makes it easy to understand what financial reports really say Updated to include the latest information financial reporting standards and regulatory changes Written by an author team with a combined 50-plus years of experience in financial accounting With this new edition of How to Read a Financial Report, investors will find everything they need to fully understand the profit, cash flow, and financial condition of any business"--
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Information value of annual reports
Fundamental equilibrium exchange rate : a case study of the Finnish markka
Practical financial management: a guide to budgets, balance sheets and business finance
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Financial accounting : a European approach
Biogas production from high-yielding energy crops in boreal conditions
Clearing, money and investment: The Finnish perspective on trading with the USSR
Hospitality industry managerial accounting
Investigation of the energy payback of the Mervento 3.6-118 wind turbine
Book-keeping and accounts
Rahalaitokset. 2003 = Monetära finansinstitut. 2003 = Monetary financial institutions. 2003
International money and finance
Financial statements demystified : a self-teaching guide
Second, reform has brought about the deepening of interdependence between the Chinese economy and the world economy. Third, reform has transformed the management of China's domestic and external economic activities. Market-oriented reform means that China's economic relations with Japan are now based on the comparative advantage of both countries rather than the Chinese, or Japanese, government's state plan.
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
The main objective of the study was to compare nutrient balances of phosphorus (P), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and calcium (Ca) on fertilized grass pasture (high input) and unfertilized grass-clover pasture (low input) both grazed by dairy cattle. The second aim was to quantify P loss in surface runoff from the fertilized grass pasture. The study was conducted on a lysimeter field that included two surface runoff collector ditches. The whole area was rotationally stocked five times per year and the amount of milk was recorded. Nutrient balances were negative on both grass and grass-clover pastures except the P balance for grass pasture, which was 18 kg ha-1 positive. The amount of total P in the surface runoff from fertilized grass pasture was 1.2-0.9 kg ha-1 y-1. It seems that in short-term ley farming, grass-clover swards can retain nutrients in the soil better than pure grass swards.
Carbon balance and component CO2 fluxes in boreal Scots pine stands
Soil CO2 efflux in boreal pine forests in the current climate and under CO2 enrichment and air warming
Life Cycle Assessment and Comparison of Power, Light, and Content Options for the SunEdu Project
Alpha teach yourself accounting in 24 hours
Saving, investment and the current account : a review of recent evidence
The comprehensive guide on how to read a financial report : wringing vital signs out of the numbers
CO2-balance in the athmosphere and CO2-utilisation:an engineering approach
China's economic development and its impact on Finnish foreign trade
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
National accounts statistics. Main aggregates and detailed tables
The flows and balances of P, K, Ca and Mg on intensively managed Boreal high input grass and low input grass-clover pastures
Essentials of corporate performance measurement
Adjusting to success : balance of payments policy in the East Asian NICs
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
National accounts statistics. Analysis of main aggregates
Currency substitution and inflation : do foreign currency balances create credible inflation discipline?
Accounting in a nutshell
Macroeconomic management programs and policies
Modeling carbon sequestration and timber production in a regional case study
Mire plants and carbon dioxide dynamics under increased tropospheric ozone concentration and UV-B radiation
Innovative corporate performance management : five key principles to accelerate results
Mandatum annual Finnish equities 2002.
International short-term capital movements
Determinants of current account balances
Russian stablization policy and the banking sector, as  reflected in the portfolios of Moscow banks in 1995-97
An assessment of current account imbalance
Financial statement analysis : the inverstor's self-study guide to interpreting & analyzing financial statements
Finland's Balance of Payments
A synthesis of the Keynesian and monetarist approaches to the short-run theory of the balance of payments
Advanced financial reporting : a complete guide to IFRS
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 2, Changes of soil test values in relation to P balance with references to incorporation depth of residual and freshy applied P
