http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p26951 virtual learning environments
virtual learning environments
Differentiating instruction for students with learning disabilities : new best practices for general and special educators
Education in 3D virtual learning environment : case Virtual-Mustiala
Acceptance and use of eLearning solutions in higher education in East Africa
MIRtoolbox : version 1.6.1
To MOOC or not to MOOC : how can online learning help to build the future of higher education
Enterprise portals in e-learning
Increasing student engagement and retention in e-learning environments : Web 2.0 and blended learning technologies
Implementing PLC programming training of automation engineering education in virtual environment
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning : students' strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
You've heard about the learning content management system with the funny name, and wondered if it's right for your students. This book explains Moodle and what you can do with it.
A holistic approach for a visionary map-based multi-channel service
Enabling the full participation of university students with disabilities : seeking best practices for a barrier-free language centre
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
Doing what we teach : promoting digital literacies for professional development through personal learning environments and participation
This edited volume includes the most up to date, expanded, and peer reviewed papers from the 2011 CELDA Conference, focusing on the conference theme: Ubiquitous and Mobile Informal and Formal Learning in thr Digital Age. The contributions are aggressively interdisciplinary and cover such timely topics as social web technologies, virtual worlds and games, and location-based and context-aware learning environments. Informal and formal learning settings are explored and a myriad of concrete examples provided to assit the reader in developing curricula, programs, and courses on the topic.
Developing a pedagogical model for simulation-based healthcare education
The Cambridge handbook of multimedia learning
BCBU+ handbook : a guide to establish virtual cross-border campus for BCBU network
Digital content creation in schools : a common core approach
Open innovation community for cross-disciplinary research collaboration : scenarios for the Biomimetic Design Lab (BiDL) at Tongji University
The structure and components for the open education ecosystem : constructive design research of online learning tools
E-teaching administrative system
"In recent years, multimedia learning, or learning from words and images, has developed into a coherent discipline with a significant research base. The Cambridge Handbook of Multimedia Learning is unique in offering a comprehensive, up-to-date analysis of research and theory in the field, with a focus on computer-based learning. Since the first edition appeared in 2005, it has shaped the field and become the primary reference work for multimedia learning. Multimedia environments, including online presentations, e-courses, interactive lessons, simulation games, slideshows, and even textbooks, play a crucial role in education. This revised second edition incorporates the latest developments in multimedia learning and contains new chapters on topics such as drawing, video, feedback, working memory, learner control, and intelligent tutoring systems. It examines research-based principles to determine the most effective methods of multimedia instruction and considers research findings in the context of cognitive theory to explain how these methods work"--
How to teach : a practical guide for librarians
Engaging hybrid and blended learning in higher education
Ambient learning and self authorship : human minds, cultural tools, immersive words
Service-dominant logic in the spatial design of a school : spatial concept for school as a service project in Espoo
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Playful learning environments : effects on children's learning
Gamification with Moodle : use game elements in Moodle courses to build learner resilience and motivation
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Digital literacies for learning
A language didactic case study of multiform teaching and studying of Swedish at Helsinki University Langaueg Centre.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Towards immersive user-friendly future  learning spaces in education
Technology-enhanced language learning for specialized domains : practical applications and mobility
"This book describes how teachers can use Gamification design within the Moodle Learning Management System. Game elements can be included in course design by using, badges, rubrics, custom grading scales, forums, and conditional activities. Moodle courses do not have to be solo-learning experiences that replicate Distance Education models. The Gamification design process starts by profiling players and creating levels of achievement towards meeting learning outcomes. Each task is defined, valued, and sequenced. Motivation loops are devised to keep the momentum going. In a gaming studio, this approach would require a team of specialists with a large budget and time frames. Preparing for a class rarely has these optimal conditions. The approach used in this book is to introduce game elements into the course design gradually. First, apply gamification to just one lesson and then build up to gamifying a series of lessons over a term. Each example will indicate the difficulty level and time investment. Try it out to see what is most effective with your learners and choose wisely in your use of technology. By the end of this book, you will be able to create Moodle courses that incorporate choice, communication, challenge, and creativity." --
Moodle for Dummies
Abstract: E-teaching administrative system. The aim of the project was to develop a web application that converts the traditional method of studying and cooking which was done physically in the presence of students into an electronic form that will enhance self-studies. The goal of the project owner was have a user friendly interface of a web application that emulates the traditional teaching method but requires little work to make teaching materials available to the end users. To be able to reach the target of the owner, various content management system platforms that organize all data and allow easy creation of new content and update of already existing ones were explored. This forms the base of which the project application is built. The choice of the content management platform was based first on my previous knowledge and then the preference of the owner. To gain full control of the system, a user must have the credentials to log in. The thesis focuses on how a login administrator can easily create new cooking recipe into the database and display them in the front page, delete and update content, and for all other users to add recipe ingredients to a shopping cart. E-teaching services have seen growth over the years which cannot be over-looked and as long as technology exists, the growth will continue. Various processes were followed and the outcome of the end product was satisfactory to the project owner.
Technology in education : Technology-mediated proactive learning : second international conference, ICTE 2015, Hong Kong, China, July 2-4, 2015, revised selected papers
Designing and implementing a CSCL-based course on data security of a wireless learning environment
Educational technologies for supporting self-regulated learning in online learning environments
Conceptualising personal and mobile learning environments in higher education : focus on students' perspective
Designing globally networked learning environments : visionary partnerships, policies and pedagogies
"Discover how digital content creation supports 21st-century learning, providing new insights into organizing, synthesizing, and evaluating information. This practical guide will make it easy for you to engage your students through this powerful communications medium"--
Ubiquitous and mobile learning in the digital age
Own pace, own space, own face, human, and tool support
Virtual Slovak : insight into learning Slovak in an e-learning environment
An evaluation method for virtual learning applications
Moodle 3.x teaching techniques : creative ways to build powerful and effective online courses with Moodle 3.0
