http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p269 C++
C++
An introduction to real-time systems : from design to multitasking with C/C++
'Crisis' is the defining word for our times and it likewise played a key role in defining the scope of government during the Roman Republic. This book is a comprehensive analysis of key incidents in the history of the Republic that can be characterized as crises, and the institutional response mechanisms that were employed by the governing apparatus to resolve them. Concentrating on military and other violent threats to the stability of the governing system, this book highlights both the strengths and weaknesses of the institutional framework that the Romans created. Looking at key historical moments, Gregory K. Golden considers how the Romans defined a crisis and what measures were taken to combat them, including declaring a state of emergency, suspending all non-war-related business, and instituting an emergency military draft, as well as resorting to rule by dictator in the early Republic.
Junior football club's financing in Finland : case: Mikkelin Kissat C-Junior
C++ programming for the absolute beginner
C++ templates and tools
C++ : I/O streams, containers, and standard classes
Automated diagnostics of electronic systems
Objective-C
Brief version of starting out with C++
To speakers of modern Greek the Homeric poems of the 7th century BC are not written in a foreign language. The Greek language has enjoyed a continuous tradition from earliest times until now. This book traces its history from the immediately post-classical or Hellenistic period to the present day. The aim is both to analyse the changing structure of a language stabilised by a peculiarly long and continuous literary tradition, and to show how changing historical circumstances are reflected in its development. In particular the historical roots of modern Greek's internal bilingualism are traced.
Data structures via C++ : objects and evolution
Data structures, algorithms, and applications in C++
Behind the veil of familiarity : C. S. Lewis (1898-1998)
An introduction to continuum mechanics : -after Truesdell and Noll
Software development for RFIC testing
Integrating and Transferring Legacy code to .NET / MONO Environment on Multiple Platforms.
An introduction to the Microsoft .Net framework architecture and tools : supplementary materials for the crash course of software engineering
Microsoft C : programming for the IBM
QCloud-API for synchronous and asynchronous file transfer in Qt
Human C-reactive protein : genetic and hormonal regulation and role in atherogenesis
C++ : how to program
Problem Sovling with C++ : The Object of Programming
Codecharts  : roadmaps and blueprints for object-oriented programs
Application Development in Symbian C++ and Qt
Inheritance and other main principles of C++ and other object-oriented languages
Borland C++ language reference, version 5. Vol. 1.
Learn Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0 now
Visual C++ 6 unleashed
Object-oriented programming using C++
Expert .NET micro framework
Implementation of synchronous action systems
Abstract: HyperNotifier.
SFML game development : learn how to use SFML 2.0 to develop your own feature-packed game
Borland C++ user's guide : version 5.
Data structures : a pseudocode approach with C++
Professional functional programming in C# : classic programming techniques for modern projects
Operator Algebras in Dynamical Systems
"Sams Teach Yourself C++ in 24 Hours is a hands-on guide to the C++ programming language. Readers are provided with short, practical examples that illustrate key concepts, syntax, and techniques."-- Amazon.com.
Smart syntax highlightning for dynamically typed languages : case study: Common Lisp in Emacs
SAMS Teach Yourself C++ in 24 Hours
Finvoice Generating : A Dynamic-link library generating Finvoice XML documents
The C puzzle book
Extended STL. Volume 1, Collections and iterators
Research on Qt : a cross-platform application and UI framework
Beginning iPadTM Application Development
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
Game development comprises the combination of many different aspects such as game logic, graphics, audio, user input, physics, and much more.
C++ for scientists, engineers and mathematicians
Sams teach yourself Visual C# 2008 in 24 hours : complete starter kit
The Republic in danger : Drusus Libo and the succession of Tiberius
Abstract: Aspect oriented data management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .NET.
HIV/AIDS treatment and care : clinical protocols for the WHO European Region
C++ : a beginner's guide
Exploring a national practicebased register for the management of rheumatoid arthritis
Overview to software testing and how to use swing in unit testing
The Design of Temperature and Humidity Chamber Monitor and Controller
Introduction to programming with C++
Improving automated testing of S40 software
Aslan in the Chronicles of Narnia as a representative of the Judeo-Christian God
Developing an augmented reality environment to encourage physical exercise
Practical C programming
C++ : an introduction to data structures
Algorithms and data structures in C++
Uhlenbeck's Eskimo-Indoeuropean hypothesis : a critical revision
Object-oriented programming with C++
Exploring C++ : the programmer's introduction to C++
I was here
Learning C++
STL tutorial and reference guide : C++ programming with the Standard Template Library
Sams teach yourself the C# language in 21 days
Beginning C++ through game programming
Small C++ how to program
AutoCAD programming in C/C++
Exceptional C++ style : 40 new engineering puzzles, programming problems and solutions
Data clustering in C++ : an object-oriented approach
Development of an Interactive 3-D Virtual Environment Test Bed For Motorbikes
Aspect oriented data management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .NET
Tester for battery interface master
C : how to program
Learning C# 3.0
ML-style tuple assignment in standard C++ : extending the multiple return value formalism
Political memory in and after the Persian Empire
Teach yourself Borland C++ 4.5 in 21 days
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
Starting out with C++ : early objects
Coating process monitoring using computer vision
The vitamin C connection
The subject of this thesis was to produce a plug-in for the Unity engine that generates three dimensional planetary terrain models suitable to be used in game development. The plug-in has three main parts: a node editor tool within Unity editor that enables visual design of noise functions to be used on the surface, a robust code for generating 3D models during runtime and a dynamic level of detail system. This thesis details the techniques used and the results of the project. The work was based on previous knowledge learned during creating a similar application using Java. The work was implemented using the Unity engine with C# programming language in MonoDevelop development environment. The work resulted in a working plug-in that was released in the Unity Asset Store.
Parallel programming with Microsoft Visual C++ : design patterns for decomposition and coordination on multicore architectures
C++ for mathematicians : an introduction for students and professionals
C++ : Pocket Reference
Talking politics
Uveal melanoma and macular degeneration : molecular biology and potential therapeutic applications
Beginning programming with C++ for dummies
C# in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
A guide to C++ programming
Rewiring ret : PTB-adaptor regulated signaling and cell biology
Professional Visual Studio
Christian elements in the theme of good and evil in C. S. Lewis's That hideous strength
Practical process simulation using object-oriented techniques and C++
This book is concerned with the theory of unbounded derivations in C*-algebras, a subject whose study was motivated by questions in quantum physics and statistical mechanics, and to which the author has made a considerable contribution. This is an active area of research, and one of the most ambitious aims of the theory is to develop quantum statistical mechanics within the framework of the C*-theory. The presentation, which is based on lectures given in Newcastle upon Tyne and Copenhagen, concentrates on topics involving quantum statistical mechanics and differentiations on manifolds. One of the goals is to formulate the absence theorem of phase transitions in its most general form within the C* setting. For the first time, he globally constructs, within that setting, derivations for a fairly wide class of interacting models, and presents a new axiomatic treatment of the construction of time evolutions and KMS states.
C++ cookbook
"This volume investigates Deuteronomy's subversive intent within its social context, and reconsiders the relationship between Deuteronomy and Assyria, its relationship to ancient Near Eastern and biblical treaty and loyalty oath traditions, and the relevance of its treaty affinities to discussions of its date"--
Interaction of Baculovirus with the Surface of Mammalian Cells and Intracellular Changes during Transduction
Tom Swan's mastering Borland C++5
Debugging C++ : troubleshooting for programmers
Sams teach yourself C++ in 21 days
Asclepiades, who advocated a therapy involving wine and passive exercise, devised a peculiar physical theory to explain all biological phenomena. None of his work survives intact, but copious ancient testimonies allow us to reconstruct many details of the theory.
C program design for engineers
Mastering C# database programming
Meeting on the coordination of cross-border activities in the framework of operation MECACAR : report on a WHO meeting, Ashgabat, Turkmenistan 26-27 July 2000.
System design with System C
Study of the psoriasis proteome and analysis of MHC class I expression and function
C++ : the complete reference
An application using WCF
Object-oriented programming in C++
Procedural planet generation in game development
Information technology : Programming languages C++ : ISO/IEC 14882:2011 /.
The C# programming language
Designing components with the C++ STL : a new approach to programming
C++ for dummies
Computing consepts with C++ essentials
Myc oncoprotein-cofactor interactions : function, regulation and targeting
C++ : an introduction to computing
Tiivistelmä: An application using WCF.
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
Understanding programming : an introduction using C++
Mathematical tools in signal processing with C++ & Java simulations
C++ GUI programming with Qt 4
Hilbert C*-modules are objects like Hilbert spaces, except that the inner product, instead of being complex valued, takes its values in a C*-algebra. The theory of these modules, together with their bounded and unbounded operators, is not only rich and attractive in its own right but forms an infrastructure for some of the most important research topics in operator algebras. This book is based on a series of lectures given by Professor Lance at a summer school at the University of Trondheim. It provides, for the first time, a clear and unified exposition of the main techniques and results in this area, including a substantial amount of new and unpublished material. It will be welcomed as an excellent resource for all graduate students and researchers working in operator algebras.
Mastering SFML game development : create complex and visually stunning games using all the advanced features available in SFML development
Object oriented software in ANSI C++
More exceptional C++ : 40 new engineering puzzles, programming problems, and solutions
Learn Visual C++ now
Microsoft Visual C++ Windows applications by example : code and explanation for real-world MFC C++ applications
Effective STL : 50 specific ways to improve your use of the standard template library
Today, Java, C++ and C# being the most popular programming languages, the majority of integrated development environments are tailored for them, and, in general, for staticallytyped languages. However, dynamically-typed languages are gaining more and more popularity;  thus, integrated development environments must evolve to support them. The purpose  of this thesis was to improve the situation by creating an advanced syntax highlighting system for dynamically-typed languages. This study developed a general framework for implementing an advanced syntax highlighting system for integrated development environments. A proof-of-concept implementation was developed in Common Lisp language using Emacs. The developed framework makes it possible to create syntax highlighting system that provides sophisticated scope detection and symbol extraction systems allowing an integrated development environment for dynamically-typed languages to possess the same language analysis features as the ones designed for statically-typed languages. The study concludes that there are still many unexplored, potential improvements that could be made for integrated development environments in order to increase a programmer's productivity.
Problem solving, abstraction, and design using C++
Windows C++ coding convention
Standard C++ bible
Borland C++ : library reference
Surprised by joy
Are Criminal Justice Studies and Criminology in the Business of Producing Idiots?
The lost theory of Asclepiades of Bithynia
C++ : the core language
Complete Maya programming : an extensive guide to MEL and the C++ API
Programming in C++ : lessons and applications
Finvoice generating : a dynamic-link library generating Finvoice XML documents
Technical C programming
The Waite groupś object-oriented programming in C++
Development of a therapeutic vaccine against the hepatitis C virus
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
You can program in C++ : a programmer's introduction
Crisis Management during the Roman Republic : The Role of Political Institutions in Emergencies
The volume proposes a new model for understanding the end of Augustus' reign and the succession of Tiberius in the years 6 BC to AD 16. Focusing on Drusus Libo's role in an alliance between the enemies of Tiberius, Pettinger offers a comprehensive analysis of the struggle between Tiberius and the supporters of Augustus' grandsons.
Success with C++
Morphological, nutraceutical and sensorial properties of cultivated Fragaria vesca L. berries: influence of genotype, plant age, fertilization treatment on the overall fruit quality
Building your own compiler with C++
Do-it-yourself Microsoft C/C++ 7
Hilbert C*-Modules : A Toolkit for Operator Algebraists
Thucydides, Pericles, and the Idea of Athens in the Peloponnesian War
Medieval and Modern Greek
Using Borland C++ 5
Israel and the Assyrians : Deuteronomy, the succession treaty of Esarhaddon, and the nature of subversion
Sams teach yourself C# in 21 days
Smart syntax highlighting for dynamically typed languages : Case: Common Lisp in Emacs
Catalog of type specimens of recent Crocodilia and Testudines in the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution
Unity 3.x game development essentials : game development with C# and Javascript : build fully functional, professional 3D games with realistic environments, sound, dynamic effects, and more!
The Lambda Library : Lambda abstraction in C++
Tester for Battery Interface Master
Applications programming in ANSI C
C# cookbook
Borland C++ 4.x tips, tricks and traps
Alternate version of Starting out with C++
Précis ou abrégé des voyages, travaux, et recherches de C. S. Rafinesque (1833) : the original version of A life of travels (1836)
Genetic and immunological studies of experimental arthritis, with emphasis on a novel C-type lectin receptor gene complex
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
The Ovidian Heroine as Author : Reading, Writing, and Community in the Heroides
Digital multirate filter for speech sampling on a microcontroller
Chlamydia pneumoniae infection, inflammation and heat shock protein 60 immunity in asthma and coronary heart disease
Molecular epidemiology of Hepatitis A, B and C in Estonia
Thinking in C++. Vol. 2, Practical programming
Thucydides, Pericles, and the Idea of Athens in the Peloponnesian War is the first comprehensive study of Thucydides' presentation of Pericles' radical redefinition of the city of Athens during the Peloponnesian War. Martha Taylor argues that Thucydides subtly critiques Pericles' vision of Athens as a city divorced from the territory of Attica and focused, instead, on the sea and the empire. Thucydides shows that Pericles' reconceputalization of the city led the Athenians both to Melos and to Sicily. Toward the end of his work, Thucydides demonstrates that flexible thinking about the city exacerbated the Athenians' civil war. Providing a thorough critique and analysis of Thucydides' neglected book 8, Taylor shows that Thucydides praises political compromise centered around the traditional city in Attica. In doing so, he implicitly censures both Pericles and the Athenian imperial project itself.
Pro .NET 2.0 Windows Forms and custom controls in C#
This book represents a new departure in science studies: an analysis of a scientific style of writing, situating it within the context of the contemporary style of literature. Its philosophical significance is that it provides a novel way of making sense of the notion of a scientific style. For the first time, the Hellenistic mathematical corpus - one of the most substantial extant for the period - is placed centre-stage in the discussion of Hellenistic culture as a whole. Professor Netz argues that Hellenistic mathematical writings adopt a narrative strategy based on surprise, a compositional form based on a mosaic of apparently unrelated elements, and a carnivalesque profusion of detail. He further investigates how such stylistic preferences derive from, and throw light on, the style of Hellenistic poetry. This important book will be welcomed by all scholars of Hellenistic civilization as well as historians of ancient science and Western mathematics.
Learning C# by developing games with Unity 3D : learn the fundamentals of C# to create scripts for your GameObjects
Molecular mechanisms of growth suppression by pharmacologically activated p53
C++ without fear : a beginner's guide that makes you feel smart
Data structures and algorithms in C++
HyperNotifier
C programming for the absolute beginner
'Carl Gustav Jung' is an insightful and accessible guide to the life and work of one of the founding fathers of psychotherapy and the most influential thinkers in modern times. Previous publications by Ann Casement include Post-Jungians Today.
Spalding's official athletic almanac for 1905 : special Olympic number : containing the official report of the Olympic Games of 1904
Beyond the C++ standard library : an introduction to Boost
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Middleware for one-site information integration
Ludic Proof : Greek Mathematics and the Alexandrian Aesthetic
User interface of Raahe Museum
Beginning C# 2008 : from novice to professional
Object-Oriented Programming Using C++
C++ for everyone
The impact of bcl-2 family members on mast cell survival and apoptosis
Gene expression in rat brain : alterations by antipsychotic drugs
C# Black book
The passing of Protestant England
"The book is about a visual language for creating blueprints and maps of programs: Codecharts. It is written for practitioners who wish to cut the costs of software development with Java, C++, C# and other dominant programming languages. To be most effective, Codecharts are presented in a visually attractive form that is accessible to professionals and students alike: One or more sample charts appear on every page of the book, modeling programs that every programmer is familiar with"--
The C++ programming language
Abstract: The smartphone business landscape has shifted considerably ever since the introduction of the iPhone in 2007. The ensuing years have seen Nokia, the world leader in the smart-phone industry at the time, loose grip on market share. Consequently, Nokia has set a new road map to revamp the Symbian operating system and regain lost market shares. The road map is headlined by two important entries: the adoption of the Qt framework and partnership with Microsoft on Windows Phone 7. This thesis is concerned with the adoption of the Qt framework into the Nokia smartphone family. More precisely, the thesis discusses how the programming paradigms of Qt differ from the archaically well-established Symbian operating system. The architectural differences of Qt and Symbian OS have been thoroughly examined using code snippets as supplement to demonstrate implementations. The findings of this thesis show that not only does Qt make the life of a developer much easier than traditional Symbian OS, but also, and more importantly, Qt delivers industry standard user interfaces and fluid user interactions at par with the competition.
Presenting C#
ADTs, data structures, and problem solving with C++
Multi-paradigm design for C++
Refactoring with Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 : evolve your software system to support new and ever-changing requirements by updating your C# code base with patterns and principles
Feminism and spiritual heroism in C. S. Lewis's The chronicles of Narnia
This thesis was commissioned by Nokia Networks as a part of a wider ongoing quality project. The main objective for this thesis and the quality project was to improve diagnostic accuracy on a certain base station product by targeting the most misdiagnosed faults and to reduce unnecessary component replacement. To achieve the objective, an early version of an automated diagnostic tool was developed. The tool was developed using Microsoft Visual Studio and C# programming language. The tool uses diagnostic databases to hold diagnostic information. The diagnostic databases were implemented using XML (Extensible Markup Language). The diagnostic databases implement fault models and rule based diagnostics to troubleshoot target products. Two pilot programs were launched in order to verify the functionality of the tool and measure improvements on diagnostic accuracy. The results of the pilots were encouraging; the rate of failed diagnoses decreased by 88%. The success of the pilot programs and the ease of use of the tool sparked interest to it, and it was decided to be taken into global use in system module repair of Nokia Networks base stations. Further development is, however, still needed to extend the coverage of the tool and to add new features.
Functional programming in C# : classic programming techniques for modern projects
Adiponectin and low-grade inflammation in relation to preceding factors and the course of the metabolic syndrome : a gender-specific view
Signaling pathways in myocyte hypertrophy : role of GATA4, mitogen-activated protein kinases and protein kinase C
Real-time C++ : efficient object-oriented and template micro-controller programming
The purpose of this thesis was to design and analyze of multirate anti-aliasing and reconstruction filters. The design was made for narrowband speech sampling on a low-power microcontroller. The goal was to achieve feasible construction with equal performance compared to an off-the-shelf voice codec solution. Human voice production and measurement were analyzed. The frequency content of human voice was studied for optimal design. Speech is frequency encoded signal and authentic capturing requires careful signal conditioning. For narrowband speech with optimal sampling, aliasing poses a threat to the signal quality and requires filters with high roll-off. Speech sampling theory was reviewed and common sampling techniques compared for analysis to aid the design. The design used an SAR ADC, a more common ADC for microcontrollers, which was compared to a delta-sigma ADC that is usually seen in audio applications. Oversampling was used for digital anti-aliasing filter design. Analog and digital design were combined to minimize analog filter stage requirements. FIR filters were designed and analyzed in Mathworks Matlab. The filter design used multirate construction to separate decimation and interpolation stages to more compact size, thus reducing the total filter coefficient amount and computational requirements significantly. The design was realized on ARM Cortex M3 microcontroller. FIR filter instances were constructed using ARM CMSIS DSP library. The code for the project was created on free to use web-based ARM mbed IDE. Simulation and measurements showed that aliasing requirements were achieved in the designed accuracy.
C++ for the impatient
Numerical recipes : the art of scientific computing
Identifying human epithelial architecture genes with tumour suppressor functions
C++ for engineers and scientists
Phyton : annales rei botanicae
Compile time sparse vectors in C++
Sucrose, glucose, fructose, citric, malic, ascorbic (AA) and dehydroascorbic (DHAA) acids, total polyphenols (TP), radical scavenging activity (RSA), physicochemical and sensorial properties were determined on F. vesca Alpine (ALP) and Regina delle Valli (RDV) berries in relation to plant age and fertilisation treatment (Effective Microorganism Technology, EMT vs. traditional fertilization, TFT). ALP berries had a sum of AA and DHAA about 20% lower and TPs about 30% higher than RDV. Plant age affected most physicochemical parameters, sugars and organic acids, as well as sensorial appreciation, being them generally higher in berries produced in the second year. TPs were not affected by plant age. EMT produced an increase of 50%, 70% and 20% for TP, organic acids and RSA, respectively. Although changes in berry quality are expected with plant age, EMT cultivation of ALP should be preferred to the growth of RDV under TFT, to obtain fruits more valuable from the nutraceutical viewpoint.
Neural Network Programming : With the incorporation of a genetic evolution algorithm
Sams teach yourself data structures and algorithms in 24 hours
C++ game development cookbook : over 90 recipes to get you creating modern, fast, and high-quality games with C++
Comparative Study of C, C++, C# and Java Programming Languages
C++ training guide
A laboratory course in C++
Chinese Christ : the Christology of T. C. Chao
Building automated trading systems : with an introduction to Visual C++.NET 2005
Effects of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease gene mutation on cell signaling
The essentials of C++
Innate and adaptive cellular immunity in chronic HCV and HIV-1 infection
Ivor Horton's beginning ANSI C++ : the complete language
Programming with Qt
C programming for Arduino : learn how to program and use Arduino boards with a series of engaging examples, illustrating each core concept / Julien Bayle
C++ programming in easy steps
Compile time recursive objects in C++
Object-oriented : analysis & design
Bulding web application for Mahabad University graduate affairs
Borland C++ language reference, version 5. Vol. 2.
Aspect Oriented Data Management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .Net
Essential C++ for engineers and scientists
C*-algebras of slowly oscillating functions, filters, and semigroup compactifications
Ovid's Heroides, a catalogue of letters by women who have been deserted, has too frequently been examined as merely a lament. In a new departure, this book portrays the women of the Heroides as a community of authors. Combining close readings of the texts and their mythological backgrounds with critical methods, the book argues that the points of similarity between the different letters of the Heroides, so often derided by modern critics, represent a brilliant exploitation of intratextuality, in which the Ovidian heroine self-consciously fashions herself as an alluding author influenced by what she has read within the Heroides. Far from being naive and impotent victims, therefore, the heroines are remarkably astute, if not always successful, at adapting textual strategies that they perceive as useful for attaining their own ends. With this new approach Professor Fulkerson shows that the Heroides articulate a fictional poetic, mirroring contemporary practices of poetic composition.
Novel experimental targeted therapy in neuroblastoma
Statin-induced cellular effects mediated by the P2X7 receptor
The christian story re-imagined : fantasy and biblical themes in C. S. Lewis's The cronicles of Narnia
Coating Process Monitoring Using Computer Vision
Tuples and multiple return values in C++
Microsoft Visual C++.NET step by step
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
Application development in Symbian C++ and Qt
Problem solving with C++
C++ for programmers
User Interface of Raahe Museum
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
Instant C++ programming
Sams teach yourself C++ in 24 hours
Programming for chemical engineers using C, C++, and MATLAB®
Data abstraction & problem solving with C++ : walls & mirrors
Web based error reporting management application
