http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27 makeup
makeup
Bobbi Brown pretty powerful : beauty stories to inspire confidence : start-to-finish makeup techniques to achieve fabulous looks
Style me vintage : make up : easy step-by-step techniques for creating classic looks
Period make-up for the stage : step-by-step
How to look pretty not plastered : a step-by-step make-up guide to looking great!
About face : celebrity makeup techniques
Starting with the essential tools and basic techniques, Bobbi simplifies eye makeup and helps women identify what works best for their eye shape and color. She offers step-by-step tutorials for ten go-to eye makeup looks, from sparkly to smokey to retro glam and more. Famous for her own signature specs, Bobbi also explains how to choose the perfect pair of frames based on face shape, personal style, and skin tone, and shares her favorite makeup tricks for those who wear glasses .--
How to be adored : a girl's guide to Hollywood glamour
A history of make-up
Makeup wakeup : revitalising your look at any age
The hair and make-up artist's handbook : a complete guide for professional qualifications
The Hairstyle hair care & beauty book
Poucher's perfumes, cosmetics and soaps
Classic make-up & beauty book
Makeup makeovers in 5, 10, 15 and 20 minutes : expert secrets for stunning transformations
Babushka's beauty secrets : old world tips for a glamorous new you
Teenage beauty : everything you need to look pretty, natural, sexy & awesome
Eye candy : 50 easy makeup looks for glam lids and luscious lashes
Gorgeous for good : a simple 30-day program for lasting beauty-inside and out
Make-up masterclass : beauty bible of professional techniques and wearable looks
One woman 100 faces
Make-up is magic
Everything eyes : professional techniques, essential tools, gorgeous makeup looks
The complete book of make up & haircare
Pretty honest
"This must-have follow-up to the bestselling Jemma Kidd Make-up Masterclass will show you how to create the perfect look Jemma Kidd's philosophy is that makeup should be used cleverly and sparingly to bring out a woman's natural beauty, enhancing her best features and disguising any perceived imperfections. In Jemma Kidd Make-Up Secrets, she shows you how. In Part 1: Making Makeup Work for You, Jemma demystifies the new wonder products in the market, and shows how to use and apply them. She demonstrates how to achieve a flawless complexion and bring out the best in every face shape, and how to make up eyes and lips depending on your face and eye shape, age, coloring, and overall style. In Part 2: The Problem Solver, Jemma addresses all the main beauty concerns of every woman--how to take care of your skin, how to look younger, how to keep your makeup up-to-date, and how to cope with environmental onslaughts like the damaging effects of the sun and cold weather. Also included are ten great eye and lip combinations, a tutorial on how to achieve iconic looks--from Kate Moss to Audrey Hepburn, plus a fail-safe, five-minute makeup regime for whenever you're pressed for time and much more. Beautifully photographed and designed, this book offers expert advice in an accessible way, with informative text in bite-size chunks, quotes, tips, top tens, insider secrets, and practical step-by-step instructions--all the know-how to create the perfect look for every occasion"--
Your beauty mark : the ultimate guide to eccentric glamour
The makeup artist handbook : techniques for film, television, photography, and theatre
Chemistry and technology of the cosmetics and toiletries industry
Makeup makeovers : expert secrets for stunning transformations
Making faces, playing God : identity and the art of transformational makeup
Living beauty
Stage make-up : step by step
Period make-up : for studio, stage & screen : a practical reference for actors, models, make-up artists, photographers, stage managers & directors
The makeup artist handbook : techniques for film, television, photography and theatre
Cosmetic dermatology : products and procedures
Makeup makeovers : weddings : stunning looks for the entire bridal party
"It's fair to say that the beauty business is booming--as is the anti-aging industry. Each year, Americans spend more than $30 billion on cosmetics, and, globally, we spend about $260 billion on services and products to enhance our youth. Accompanying the decisions we make around our beauty comes the ever important question of whether to go fake or natural. Do we resort to the latest commercial chemical or surgical quick fix or go completely organic but possibly get less stunning results? Clean beauty guru and New York Times best-selling author of Gorgeously Green, Sophie Uliano offers a solution to this latest beauty dilemma and says you don't have to choose, and when you look at her, you can tell she has more than a few good secrets. Unlike other books, Gorgeous for Good takes the middle ground between natural and fake. Rather than focusing on these extremes, Sophie looks at what truly healthy options actually work--and it isn't necessarily what people might think. In addition, she lays out a beauty perspective that focuses on helping readers create their own unique beauty--inside and out. With her exceptional combination of passionate research and everywoman commonsense, she puts forth a revolutionary, holistic program that covers everything from nutrition to self-care to spiritual connection and includes: Well-researched, myth-busting information about commercial and natural beauty products Simple guidelines for buying the best skin care products, and easy recipes for cost-saving beauty products to make at home Healthy, budget-friendly recipes for food to kick start the new you Exciting ways to get spiritually connected In her girl-next-door voice, Sophie brings all of this together in an innovative 30-day Gorgeous for Good program, offering readers tools for a body-and-soul beauty regimen that will help them stay gorgeous--not for six months or a year--but for good! "--
Making faces
Wigs and make-up for theatre, television and film
Make up : your life guide to beauty, style, and success - online and off
Frankie the make-up fairy
Make-up manual : choosing your best colours, creating great looks
The makeup wakeup : revitalizing your look at any age
The professional make-up artist : motion pictures, television, print, theatre
Face : make-up, skincare, beauty
About face : amazing transformations using the secrets of the top celebrity makeup artist
Period make-up for studio, stage & screen : a practical reference for actors, models, make-up artists, photographers, stage managers & directors
Beauty
Make-up made easy
Unforgettable colour : make-up with confidence
The make-up book
The age fix : how to really look 10 years younger
Beautiful brows : the ultimate guide to styling, shaping and maintaining your eyebrows
"Jemma Kidd's philosophy is that make-up should be used cleverly and sparingly to bring out a woman's natural beauty, enhancing her best features and disguising any perceived imperfections. In Jemma Kidd Make-Up Secrets, she shows you how. In Part 1: Making Make-Up Work for You, Jemma demystifies the new wonder products in the market, and shows how to use and apply them. She demonstrates how to achieve a flawless complexion and bring out the best in every face shape, and how to make up eyes and lips depending on your face and eye shape, age, coloring, and overall style. In Part 2: The Problem Solver, Jemma addresses all the main beauty concerns of every woman--how to take care of your skin, how to look younger, how to keep your makeup up-to-date, and how to cope with environmental onslaughts like the damaging effects of the sun and cold weather. Also included are ten great eye and lip combinations, a tutorial on how to achieve iconic looks--from Kate Moss to Audrey Hepburn, plus a fail-safe, five-minute makeup regime for whenever you're pressed for time and much more. Beautifully photographed and designed, this book offers expert advice in an accessible way, with informative text in bite-size chunks, quotes, tips, top tens, insider secrets, and practical step-by-step instructions--all the know-how to create the perfect look for every occasion"--
Professional make-up : the complete guide to professional results
The anti-ageing beauty bible
Teen makeup : looks to match your every mood
Korean beauty secrets : a practical guide to cutting-edge skincare and makeup
Vintage style : 25 retro looks & how to get them
Men, makeup and monsters : Hollywood's masters of illusion and FX
A guide for health and beauty therapists. Vol.1, Face, hands and feet
Face to face : amazing new looks and inspiration from the top celebrity makeup artist
Beauty & make-up : practical handbook
Eco-beautiful : the ultimate guide to natural beauty and wellness
1001 little beauty miracles : secrets and solutions from head to toe
Make-up : the complete guide to professional results
Kevyn Aucoin : a beautiful life : the success, struggles, and beauty secrets of a legendary makeup artist
The chemistry and manufacture of cosmetics. 2, Formulating
How not to look old : fast and effortless ways to look 10 years younger, 10 pounds lighter, 10 times better
Make up  : the art of beauty
Plan your wardrobe with Chata Romano
Styling the stars : lost treasures from the Twentieth Century Fox archive
Jerry D's extreme makeover techniques for digital glamour photography
Who do you want to be today? : be inspired to do something different
Brides. 2015 : July/August
The beauty bible
How to look pretty not plastered : a step-by step make-up guide to looking great!
Makeup : the ultimate guide
The beauty workbook : a commonsense approach to skin care, makeup, hair and nails
Instant make-up : the complete guide to looking good
Beauty steals : beauty bible
STAGE MAKE-UP TECHNIQUES
25 celebrity & everyday make-up tutorials
Bobbi Brown makeup manual : for everyone from beginner to pro
Make-up secrets
Cosmetics & perfumes in the Roman world
The craft : DIY hair and beauty
The ultimate natural beauty bible
Grown-up glamour : how to age fabulously -  by the women who got it right
10-minute make-up : 50 step-by-step looks from fresh and natural to catwalk chic
Period make-up for the stage : how to create the authentic looks of the past - from Egyptian and Elizabethan, to Restoration and Victorian, to the 20th Century
The beauty secrets handbook
Hair & make-up : the definitive guide to looking good
What is goth?
The complete make-up artist : working in film, television and theatre
The meaning of sunglasses : a guide to (almost) all things fashionable
Classic make-up & beauty
Beauty rules : fabulous looks, beauty essentials, and life lessons for loving your teens and twenties
Looking younger : makeovers that make you look as young as you feel
Beauty evolution : a guide to a lifetime of beauty
The make-up book : the official guide to make-up at levels 2 and 3
Timeless makeup : a step-by-step guide to looking younger
Woman's face : make-up and skin care
How to fake real beauty : tricks of the trade to master your makeup
Cosmopolitan virtual makeover 2.
Bride's. 2002 : April/May
100 ways for every girl to look & feel fantastic
Be beautiful : every girl's guide to hair, skin & make-up
Make-up : trade secrets of the professionals
Make-up techniques
Make-Up, Costumes & Masks for the Stage
Standing out
Allure : confessions of a beauty editor
Colour me confident : change your look - change your life!
Face to Face, the follow-up to the bestselling beauty primer About Face, is the everyday style guide for every woman. Sought-after celebrity makeup artist Scott Barnes helps change up the usual go-to makeup routine with techniques for getting the perfect look during every transition of the day. What's a sleek, work-appropriate face for the boardroom and client meetings? How do you take your work face up one notch for a dinner out? And what does it take to wow the all-night crowd and create your own red carpet glam? Scott shows readers with a variety of looks for all types and complexions. Step-by-step instructions make application simple and photos show before and after shots of just what is possible with some makeup magic brought to you by the relied-on makeup artist of Kim Kardashian, Jennifer Lopez, and more.
Colour me younger : with colour me beautiful
Dressing up vintage
Cosmopolitan Bride. 2002 : February/March
Made up : 40+ easy make-up tutorials & DIY beauty products
Forever chic : must-have tips on beauty and style
Vintage beauty parlor : flawless hair & make-up in iconic vintage styles
The vintage tea party book
Cosmetology - theory and practice : research, test methods, analysis, formulas. III
Jemma Kidd make-up masterclass : beauty bible of professional tecniques and wearable looks
Compacts and cosmetics : beauty from Victorian times to the present day
Makeup is art : professional techniques for creating original looks
How to look good naked : can change your life
