http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27029 mast cells
mast cells
This volume provides a state-of-the-art update on Fc Receptors (FcRs). It is divided into five parts. Part I, Old and New FcRs, deals with the long-sought-after FcμR and the recently discovered FCRL family and TRIM21. Part II, FcR Signaling, presents a computational model of FcRI signaling, novel calcium channels, and the lipid phosphatase SHIP1. Part III, FcR Biology, addresses major physiological functions of FcRs, their glycosylation, how they induce and regulate both adaptive immune responses and inflammation, especially in vivo, FcR humanized mice, and the multifaceted properties of FcRn. Part IV, FcRs and Disease, discusses FcR polymorphism, FcRs in rheumatoid arthritis and whether their FcRs make macaques good models for studying HIV infection. In Part V, FcRs and Therapeutic Antibodies, the roles of various FcRs, including FcRIIB and FcRI, in the immunotherapy of cancer and autoimmune diseases using monoclonal antibodies and IVIg are highlighted. All 18 chapters were written by respected experts in their fields, offering an invaluable reference source for scientists and clinicians interested in FcRs and how to better master antibodies for therapeutic purposes.
Mast cells in loosening of totally replaced hips
Expression of stem cell factor (SCF) and SCF receptor (c-kit) in synovial membrane in arthritis : correlation with synovial mast cell hyperplasia and inflammation
Mast cells and HDL studies on cholesterol efflux and reverse cholesterol transport
Quantitative assessment of mast cells in recurrent aphthous ulcers (RAU)
Improvement of recombinant protein production in shaken cultures:focus on aeration and enzyme-controlled glucose feeding
"The integrin family is composed of 24 members and approximately ten years ago (2003) we published a book devoted to the nine I domain integrin subunits. In this second edition, I am pleased that most of the original authors have been able to contribute to the updated version. I domain containing integrins include collagen receptors and leukocyte receptors. In 2003 the knockout mouse phenotypes for all of the I domain integrins had not yet been published; they are now, and are summarized and discussed in this edition. Interestingly, a recent 10 integrin mutation in dogs has indicated that collagen-binding integrins in the musculoskeletal system might have much more severe phenotypes in larger animals/humans compared to the mild integrin phenotypes observed in collagen-binding integrin deficient mice. This finding is further discussed in the book. In the cancer field, the microenvironment is taking center stage, and here collagen receptors on fibroblasts are predicted to play important roles in paracrine signaling, in regulating tissue stiffness and matrix remodeling. New technologies, new mouse models in combination with analyses of I integrins in larger animals/humans are thus predicted to increase our knowledge about this group of receptors. With this in mind we look forward to another 10 years of research with I domain integrins." -- (Back Cover)
Mast cells in atopic dermatitis : the role of chymase, tryptase, interleukin-6 and OX40/OX40L
Glucocorticoids inhibit the cytokine-induced proliferation of mast cells, the high affinity IgE receptor-mediated expression of TNF-[alpha], and the IL-10-induced expression of chymases
Allergy and the nervous system
Development and application of enzymatic substrate feeding strategies for small-scale microbial cultivations:applied for <em>Escherichia coli</em>, <em>Pichia pastoris</em>, and <em>Lactobacillus salivarius</em> cultivations
Mechanisms of angiogenesis and lymphangiogenesis in calcific aortic valve stenosis
Mast cells in human epithelial cancers
Novel therapeutic and modeling approaches to experimental intracerebral hemorrhage
Mast cells and HDL : studies on cholesterol efflux and reverse cholesterol transport
