http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27067 sorting of waste
sorting of waste
An Investigation on Managing the Recovery of Hazardous Household Waste in Rustenburg, South Africa : A Preliminary Operational Plan of Pilleri II
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
Innovative waste management products : European market survey
Rubbish & recycling
An approach for evaluating the effects of source separation on municipal solid waste management
Waste and recycling
Environmental management systems and certification
Make garbage great : the terracycle family guide to a zero-waste lifestyle
Integrated solid waste management : a life cycle inventory
Earth-friendly waste management
Zero waste home : the ultimate guide to simplifying your life by reducing your waste
The glitz and the garbage
Evaluation of Customer-Produced Waste in Pirkanmaa Region Rax Buffet Restaurants
Market share in cruise business increasing : Evac and ZENON announce cooperation on marine waste treatment
Junkyard planet : travels in the billion-dollar trash trade
As the world gets more industrialized and its population rises, the question of waste management becomes more and more relevant every day. The issues concerning solid waste management are global, and operators in different fields need to take responsibility for the waste that their operations create.     This final thesis presents a new waste management plan for the distribution warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere. Valio Ltd is the leading dairy product manufacturer in Finland and it employs directly and indirectly about 30 000 persons (Valio Oy 2015a, 2015b). Nearly 80 of these employees are working in the distribution warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere.  The work for this thesis was done between January and May 2015. The main focus points of the waste management reform in the warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere are the reduction of mixed waste and energy waste, and better recovery of the recyclable materials. The new plan is based on reducing the size of the waste bins and locating them close to where the waste is produced. Well-functioning waste management releases space and resources for other operations at the warehouse.    The materials that were used as source information for the new waste management plan were literature such as legislation and the waste-handling guidelines of the Tampere Regional Solid Waste Management Company. Several discussions with the employees and management of Valio Ltd. Tampere, as well as a questionnaire on the target group's recycling habits provided input for the new waste management plan.    According to the findings of this thesis, it seems that training employees and organizing their work environment so that recycling is made easy will lead to the wanted results. In this case, the results were better recovery of recyclable materials and minimization of the amount of waste being disposed of in rubbish dumps.  The new waste management plan has been successfully implemented at the warehouse, and the maintenance of waste collection points is functioning properly. The aim of the thesis was to create a well-functioning waste management plan for the Valio Ltd. Tampere distribution warehouse, and that aim has been achieved, and completed on schedule.      The public version of this thesis does not contain the layout of the warehouse (Appendix 4), and the annual amount of waste generated at the warehouse.     Key words: waste management plan, recycling, source separation.
Waste management in Rustenburg Local Municipality during 2010 FIFA World CupTM : a preliminary waste management plan
A guide to sustainable developments : waste management
The McGraw-Hill recycling handbook
Producer responsibility and supplementary transport of municipal packaging waste : case: Päijät-Häme waste management region
Municipal solid waste management : processing, energy recovery, global examples
Summary: Waste and local environment.
Solid waste management in the world's cities : water and sanitation in the world's cities 2010
Summary.
Environmentally Friendly Luxury Hotel : case: Grand Palace Hotel, Riga, Latvia
Work continues to develop better systems
A look at different ways to manage waste including methods of disposal, waste handling and transport, and other waste management concepts
The significance of social and economic development of garbage classification and recycling processes
Design for children : the future of chinese garbage classification
Nitrogen nutrient recovery from solid waste
Zero waste home : the ultimate guide to simplifying your life
Where do garbage trucks go? : and other questions about ... trash and recycling
Sustainable solid waste management
Waste management plan for Valio Ltd. Tampere distribution warehouse
