http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27013 lesbians
lesbians
Sapphic slashers : sex, violence, and American modernity
We do : a celebration of gay and lesbian marriage
Blessing same-sex unions : the perils of queer romance and the confusions of Christian marriage
The new worlds of women : expanded edition
The case of the not-so-nice nurse
The price of salt
QW : Queer World
The red files
Marie Laurencin : une femme inadaptée in feminist histories of art
Constructing risky identities in policy and practice
Images in the dark : an encyclopedia of gay and lesbian film and video
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
The pink paper : Britain's only national newspaper for lesbians & gay men
On loving women
Queer wars : the new global polarization over gay rights
"In this cutting edge collection authors examine risk thinking in a range of policy and practice contexts, including special needs education, digital exclusion, domestic violence and abuse, child protection and youth work. Four key interlinking themes emerge from the chapters. The first is how, within a neoliberal context, risk agendas can be used to justify and normalise the rationing and targeting of services. The second theme shows how the use of such agendas can in themselves redefine what is constituted as social problems, and how they are understood and responded to. Thirdly, welfare practice itself is being re-structured and re-theorised to adapt and conform to the new definitions and understandings that risk thinking has brought about. Finally, the fourth theme is how the use of risk as a negative organising discourse is not inevitable but, in different contexts, can create positive outcomes for service users, practitioners and society"--
Sappho's leap : a novel
Women's activism in Latin America and the Caribbean : engendering social justice, democratizing citizenship
Sapphistries : a global history of love between women
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
Therapeutic perspectives on working with lesbian, gay, and bisexual clients
A queer capital : a history of gay life in Washington, D.C
The language and text of the Lesbian poets
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
Lesbian motherhood in Europe
From the corner of the eye : [Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam, June 27. 1998 to August 23. 1998] / [exhibition organized and catalogue edited by: Martin van Nieuwenhuyzen, Leontine Coelewij and Hripsimé Visser ; catalogue text: Murat Aydemir... [et al.]
Midlife lesbian relationships : friends, lovers, children, and parents
Unbroken ties : lesbian ex-lovers
The lesbian pillow book
Liza tries to put aside her feelings for Annie after the disaster at Foster Academy, but eventually she allows love to triumph over the ignorance of others.
Blessed are those who thirst
The only way home is through the show : performance work of Lois Weaver
Black queer identity matrix : towards an integrated queer of color framework
This is the first book to examine Sappho's poetry through the lens of lesbian desire. Snyder provides close readings of the surviving examples of Sappho's poetry, occasionally presenting comparative material from other ancient Greek poets. The original Greek text is included in an appendix.
"From the ancient poet Sappho to tombois in contemporary Indonesia, women throughout history and around the globe have desired, loved, and had sex with other women. Sapphistries tells their stories, capturing the multitude of ways that diverse societies have shaped female same-sex sexuality across time and place." "Leila Rupp reveals how, from the time of the very earliest societies, the possibility of love between women has been known, even when it is feared, ignored, or denied. We hear women in the sex-segregated spaces of convents and harems whispering words of love. We see women beginning to find each other em the streets of London and Amsterdam, in the aristocratic circles of Paris, in the factories of Shanghai. We find women's desire and love for women meeting the light of day as Japanese schoolgirls fall in love, and lesbian bars and clubs spread from 1920s Berlin to 1950s Buffalo. And we encounter a world of difference in the twenty-first century, as transnational concepts and lesbian identities meet local understandings of how two women might love each other. Sapphistries combines lyrical narrative with meticulous historical research, providing a uniquely sweeping story of desire, love, and sex between women around the globe from the beginning of time to the present."--BOOK JACKET.
Athens and Samos, Lesbos and Chios: 478-404 B. C.
Transforming Japan : how feminism and diversity are making a difference
Zanele Muholi : faces + phases 2006-14
Same sex marriages : new generations, new relationships
"The first history of LGBT life in Washington, D.C., across the 20th century. Covering black and white individuals and communities, and considering the effects of race, gender, and class, this book explores how lesbians, gay men, and bisexuals built communities, survived anti-gay campaigns, and organized to demand equal rights"--
The history of lesbian hair : and other tales of bent life in a straight world
LGBT-parent families : innovations in research and implications for practice
The lesbian sex bible : the new guide to sexual love for same-sex couples
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Social work with lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans people : making a difference
Lesbian geographies : gender, place and power
As normal as possible : negotiating sexuality and gender in mainland China and Hong Kong
The laughter of Aphrodite : a novel about Sappho of Lesbos
Queer presences and absences
For Cassandra Leung, bossing around sea monsters is just the family business. She's been a Reckoner trainer-in-training ever since she could walk, raising the giant, genetically engineered beasts to defend ships as they cross the pirate-infested NeoPacific. But when the pirate queen Santa Elena swoops in on Cas's first solo mission and snatches her from the bloodstained decks, Cas's dream of being a full-time trainer seems dead in the water. Waiting for her on the pirate ship is an unhatched Reckoner pup. Santa Elena wants to take back the seas with a monster of her own, and she needs a proper trainer to do it. She orders Cas to raise the pup and teach him to fight for the pirates. If Cas fails, her blood will be the next to paint the sea.
Gay & lesbian history for kids : the century-long struggle for LGBT rights, with 21 activities
Lesbian discourses : images of a community
In The History of Lesbian Hair, Mary Dugger delivers an unrelentingly hilarious view of the modern world. The redoubtable Ms. D. offers an uproarious array of illustrated essays, diagrams, and short takes, subdivided into Life ("The Downside to Lesbian Chic", how to "Build Your Own Lesbian", "So You Want to Be a Straight Girl", and the ultimate definition of children - "pets with thumbs"), Liberty ("Far Right Trading Cards", the ethics of outing, and an irrefutable argument proving that if homosexuals really do make up only 1.5 percent of the population, then every gay person in Chicago spends an average of $13.11 on liquor every single day), and The Pursuit of Happiness (the birth of the indomitable alter ego Marie DuGuerre, and her ongoing search for love, romance, and a decent vacation).
Sappho : a play in verse
Strong women, deep closets : lesbians and homophobia in sport
The miseducation of Cameron Post
Blue is the warmest color
The myth of the last taboo: : queer subcultural studies
If not, winter : fragments of Sappho
Queer teachers, identity and performativity
Landscapes of Lesvos : a countryside guide
Lesbian Connection : A Nationwide forum of news & ideas by, for & about lesbians
Urban amazons : lesbian feminism and beyond in the gender, sexuality, and identity battles of London
Essential dykes to watch out for
Falling
Top 250 LGBTQ books for teens : coming out, being out, and the search for community
Jess Goldberg decides to come out as a butch in the bars and factories of the prefeminist '60s and then to pass as a man in order to survive when she is left without work or a community in the early '70s.
Lesbian lives : sexuality, space and subculture in Moscow
The prosopography of Byzantine Lesbos, 284-1355 A.D. : a contribution to the social history of the Byzantine province
Looking at gay and lesbian life
Lesbian couples guide to planning a wedding : everything you need to know about planning your dream wedding
It's a hot summer night, Cam is having the party of the year, and Anna has big plans. Her best friend Tilly's come out, and Anna wants to set her up with the only other gay girl in school. That should take the heat off Anna and her own guilt over cheating on Cam. As the party hots up, Anna sets off a chain of events that will change all their lives forever ... / WorldCat.
The Unfinished Revolution compares the post-Second World War histories of the American and British gay and lesbian movements with an eye toward understanding how distinct political institutional environments affect the development, strategies, goals, and outcomes of a social movement. The two case study chapters function as brief historical sketches that provide an introduction to British and American gay and lesbian history. An appendix provides a useful evaluative summary of common social movement theories. The book will be of value to academics and students of sociology, political science, and history.
The constitutional underclass : gays, lesbians, and the failure of class-based equal protection
The porcupine of truth
No tea, no shade : new writings in Black queer studies
Unbearable lightness : a story of loss and gain
Queer/tongzhi China : new perspectives on research, activism and media cultures
A companion to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer studies
When the Supreme Court struck down Colorado's Amendment 2 - which would have nullified all state and local laws protecting gays and lesbians from discrimination - it was widely regarded as a victory for gay rights. Yet many gays and lesbians still risk losing their jobs, custody of their children, and even their liberty under the law. Using the Colorado initiative as his focus, Gerstmann untangles the complex standards and subtle rhetoric the Supreme Court uses to apply the equal protection clause. The Court divides people into legal classes that receive varying levels of protection; gays and lesbians and other groups, such as the elderly and the poor, receive the least. Gerstmann reveals how these standards are used to favor certain groups over others, and also how Amendment 2 advocates used the Court's doctrine to convince voters that gays and lesbians were seeking "special rights" in Colorado. Concluding with a call for wholesale reform of equal-protection jurisprudence, this book is essential reading for anyone interested in fair, coherent, and truly equal protection under the law.
The unfinished revolution : social movement theory and the gay and lesbian movement
The ultimate guide to pregnancy for lesbians : how to stay sane and care for yourself from presonception through birth
The glass closet : why coming out is good business
"Based on archival work, personal interviews, and literary history, A Queer Capital is a history of LGBT Washington D.C. during the long decades from the turn of the 20th century through the Eisenhower era. The book is a lively history of black and white gay communities and individuals, attesting to the vibrant cultural and intellectual life of a city sometimes believed to be neither. Of particular importance is the discussion of how racial identities and gay identities were interrelated during the period. A Queer Capital is a book for readers interested in gay life, in Washington D.C. history, and in African American life and culture in the first half of the twentieth century. "--
Explores the lives of Charity Bryant and Sylvia Drake, two ordinary middle-class women who serve as a window on historical constructs of marriage, gender, and sexuality in late 18th-century and early 19th-century America. Both were born in Massachusetts, but in different towns, 11 years apart. Charity's attachment to women was so blatant that after she turned 20, her father told her to leave the house. She worked as a schoolteacher, but was forced to leave jobs several times because of hurtful gossip about her relationships with other women. In early 1807, Charity moved to Vermont to stay with a friend, and there she met Sylvia. The two fell in love, set up housekeeping, and considered themselves married. Gradually, their family members and the residents of Weybridge did as well. Charity and Sylvia became integral to the community, attending church, running their tailor shop, and contributing to charitable endeavors. Most of all, Charity and Sylvia remained passionately committed to each other and refused to hide their relationship. An important work of history that resonates with one of today's most public debates.
Sexuality and sexual identity have been relatively marginalized areas in both social work education and practice. However, changes in policy and legislation in the UK and other countries over the past decade have brought discussions of sexuality into the mainstream public service agenda. In social work and social care, gay and lesbian citizenship rights have been explicitly recognised. In the fields of adoption and fostering new regulations and guidance have helped improve and develop practice around assessment and intervention. It remains the case, however, that sex is often perceived as a problem area within social work and social care, discussed only in relation to sexually diverse communities or in the realm of dysfunction or pathology. This collection aims to generate a more proactive and challenging discussion of sexuality and sexual identity in social work. Its starting point is that sexuality is an essential aspect of individual identity, that users must be able to express their sexuality, and that it is essential for social workers to be able to respond and discuss sexual issues appropriately. The contributions are informed by feminist research, considering, in particular, the experiences of women working in and using social care services since the 1990s. In addition to a consideration of the wider policy, legislative and service providers' perspectives, the book includes reflective accounts as well as research-led contributions, offering a comprehensive and balanced account of this important field, which aims to inform both theory and practice.
The abyss surrounds us
Juliet takes a breath : a Gabby Rivera novel
This volume launches the first sustained discussion of the need for a queer of color conceptual framework around Black, lesbian female identity. Specifically, this volume addresses the necessity for a more integrated framework within queer studies, in which the variables of race/ethnicity are taken into consideration. This book is unique in that it highlights a triple-jeopardy minority group that has been historically marginalized and concludes with the proposal of a much-needed framework for researchers to begin to create a baseline of knowledge/research under the umbrella of the Black Queer Identity Matrix.
Keeping you a secret
Lesbian desire in the lyrics of Sappho
Seismic changes took place in Western societies attitudes to homosexuality around the turn of the 20th and 21st centuries. At first, gay communities suffered from rabidly hostile responses to the AIDS epidemic. Those terrible years were followed by piecemeal legal reform and a gradual thaw in the way gayness was represented in popular culture. From the wages of sin to the commercialisation of desire, from pretend families to equal marriage, gay people were eventually sucked into the mainstream of contemporary life. But how irreversible are those changes, how secure the future they promise? Best known for his literary criticism, Gregory Woods now turns his attention to journalism, film, TV, shopping, popular fiction, cartoons, the memoirs of the Beirut hostages, desert island stories, travel brochures, Italian camp, and anything else that takes his fancy. By paying close attention to the detail, he manages to convey the broader picture of a major turning-point in Western attitudes to sexuality. These essays amply demonstrate how gay and lesbian studies, far from addressing only narrow concerns, open up fresh perspectives on some of the more intractable issues of our times.
Understanding narrative identity through lesbian and gay youth
Ascension : a Tangled Axon novel
Lesbian art : an encounter with power / Elizabeth Ashburn
From Invisibility to Twitter - Four Decades in the Lives of Japanese Lesbians
New art of capturing love : the essential guide to lesbian and gay wedding photography
Sappho : lesbian feminist voice
The Gilda stories
It's ok to be gay : celebrity coming out stories
Outrage : a magazine for lesbians and gay men
Stone butch blues : a novel
Love alters : lesbian stories
The lesbian premodern
In the early 1990s, when gay teenager Cameron Post rebels against her conservative Montana ranch town and her family decides she needs to change her ways, she is sent to a gay conversion therapy center. – WorldCat.
Gays and film
The lesbian and gay studies reader
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
Queer women in urban China : an ethnography
Huntress
Bringing together forty-two groundbreaking essays--many of them already classics--The Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader provides a much-needed introduction to the contemporary state of lesbian/gay studies, extensively illustrating the range, scope, diversity, appeal, and power of the work currently being done in the field. Featuring essays by such prominent scholars as Judith Butler, John D'Emilio, Kobena Mercer, Adrienne Rich, Gayle Rubin, and Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick, The Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader explores a multitude of sexual, ethnic, racial, and socio-economic experiences. Ranging across disciplines including history, literature, critical theory, cultural studies, African American studies, ethnic studies, sociology, anthropology, psychology, classics, and philosophy, this anthology traces the inscription of sexual meanings in all forms of cultural expression. Representing the best and most significant English language work in the field, The Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader addresses topics such as butch-fem roles, the cultural construction of gender, lesbian separatism, feminist theory, AIDS, safe-sex education, colonialism, S/M, Oscar Wilde, Gertrude Stein, children's books, black nationalism, popular films, Susan Sontag, the closet, homophobia, Freud, Sappho, the media, the hijras of India, Robert Mapplethorpe, and the politics of representation. It also contains an extensive bibliographical essay which will provide readers with an invaluable guide to further reading.
Lois Weaver is one of the true pioneers in feminist and lesbian performance. The Only Way Home Is Through the Show explores her collaborative work with Split Britches and Spiderwoman as well as her solo projects, performance interventions, and work as a facilitator, teacher, and as Tammy WhyNot. It tells her story through hundreds of professional and personal photos and an extraordinary range of texts, from performance writing to critical commentary - all embellished with performance ephemera, personal memoir, and hand-written notes on methodologies. Featuring a wealth of material that has never previously been published, the book includes contributions from many of Weaver's key collaborators, old and new, and many of the most important feminist writers, photographers, and performance makers of the last forty years. The Only Way Home Is Through the Show is a guided tour of Lois Weaver's aesthetics, principles, inspirations, innovations, and desires.
Sexual identities and sexuality in social work : research and reflections from women in the field
Born this way : real stories of growing up gay
Kicked out
Charity and Sylvia : a same-sex marriage in early America
