http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27023 seasonal food
seasonal food
Journal of foodservice
"Preface The intent of this book is to assist you in mastering nutritional cuisine! Chefs can serve great-tasting and nutritious foods. Ultimately, though, it is the consumer who will decide what to consume! This textbook is current with the new U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) ChooseMyPlate.gov and dietary guidelines! It is important to know that meals eaten away from home and prepared by chefs, or meals produced in the home by personal chefs, can each support a healthy lifestyle. Perhaps what a person makes for dinner is reservations! Love it! Please turn to the introduction for a detailed explanation of the organization of this book and how it serves both the lecture and laboratory portions of a typical nutrition class for culinary programs. As authors, we are both parents who each have a family to feed (although, in the case of Dr. Vaclavik, two children have now begun their own households and there are two grandchildren!). We are both college teachers working with nutrition in culinary arts, and we each have academic as well as "hands-on" training in foods and nutrition. Thanks are extended to CRC Press, our friendly and knowledgeable editor Randy Brehm (with whom Dr. Vaclavik has published in the past), and our current friendly and dedicated editor Stephen Zollo, who provided the opportunity to be a part of this culinary publication adventure! Appreciation goes to those individuals who have enthusiastically reviewed the text proposal and/or chapter material, including Chef Brenden Mesch, EdD, CEC, CCE, associate dean of academic affairs, the Art Institute of Dallas; Andres Ardisson Korat, MS (food science), MA (gastronomy), food scientist, Frito Lay R&D; and nutrition professor Carolyn Rogan, MS, RD, CSSD, LD"--
Norm and difference : Stone Age dietary practice in the Baltic region
Archaeology meets science : biomolecular investigations in Bronze Age Greece : the primary scientific evidence, 1997-2003
The alkaline cookbook
Consuming and communicating identities : dietary diversity and interaction in Middle Neolithic Sweden
Datanews : the termly newsletter of the Design and Technology Association
Food and western disease : health and nutrition from an evolutionary perspective
The food bible : the ultimate guide to all that's good and bad in the food we eat
On the food resources available to man in Stone Age Finland
Prehistoric cooking
From the pages of The Simple Things - the London-based home and lifestyle magazine dedicated to taking the time to live well - comes a lavishly illustrated collection that will help you slow down, enjoy what you have and make the most of where you live. This celebration of contemporary British home life presents readers with novel household ideas, simple entertaining and Do-It-Yourself advice, as well as scrumptious and hearty recipes and the best ways in which to share the bounty with friends and family.
The Paleo diet : lose weight and get healthy by eating the foods you were designed to eat
The psychology of food choice
Beloved ChocolateAndZucchini.com food blogger Clotilde Dusoulier is not a vegetarian. But she has, like many of us, chosen to eat less meat and fish, and is always looking for new ways to cook what looks best at the market. In The French Market Cookbook, she takes us through the seasons in 82 recipes - and explores the love story between French cuisine and vegetables. Choosing what's ripe and in season means Clotilde does not rely heavily on the cheese, cream, and pastas that often overpopulate vegetarian recipes. Instead she lets the bright flavors of the vegetables shine through
Bibliotheca nutritio et dieta
Cassey Ho's hot body year-round : the pop pilates plan to get slim, eat clean, and live happy through every season
Food, culture and identity in the Neolithic and Early Bronze Age
Food and travel
The French market cookbook : vegetarian recipes from my Parisian kitchen
Incremental growth of the European oyster Ostrea edulis : seasonality information from Danish kitchenmiddens
Best of the simple things : taking time to live well
The allotment cookbook
A taste for all seasons : cooking and design in Sweden
The book of whole meals : a seasonal guide to assembling balanced vegetarian breakfasts, lunches & dinners
A year in 120 recipes
The Belly Melt Diet : the 6-week plan to harness your body's natural rhythms to lose weight for good!
Food and rank in Early Medieval time
Home, family & everyday life through the ages
Food & history
Population dynamics, diet and migrations of the Unetice culture in Poland
The art of nutritional cuisine
Seasonal food in a virtual basket : a campaign for environmental sustainability
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
The kitchen ecosystem : integrating recipes to create delicious meals
