http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27055 gay men
gay men
STI and HIV prevention in men who have sex with men in Europe
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
Two boys kissing
There must be fifty ways to tell your mother : coming out stories
Depression, B vitamins and homocysteine
Sexual and gender minorities at work
Gender, work and community after de-industrialisation : a psychosocial approach to affect
Halfway home : a novel
Wolfenden's witnesses : homosexuality in postwar Britain
Queer presences and absences
The emperor waltz
The Evolution of Homo Erectus : Comparative Anatomical Studies of an Extinct Human Species
Kicked out
Best gay romance. 2011
Born this way : real stories of growing up gay
The construction of homosexuality
See a little light : the trail of rage and melody
Bisexuality : a study
The bell
The mayor of Castro Street : the life and times of Harvey Milk
It's ok to be gay : celebrity coming out stories
Therapeutic perspectives on working with lesbian, gay, and bisexual clients
Virtual intimacies : media, affect, and queer sociality
The velvet rage : overcoming the pain of growing up gay in a straight man's world
More happy than not
David Fisher has lived by the rules all his life. Born to a Mennonite family, he obeyed his father and took over the family farm, married, and had two children. Now with both his kids in college and his wife deceased, he runs his farm alone and without joy, counting off the days of his life half-lived. When gay Manhattan party boy Christie Landon heads to the country for a break, he decides to approach his neighbor, David, with a plan to share meals and grocery expenses. David agrees, and soon the odd couple finds they really enjoy spending time together. Christie brings out feelings in David he buried long ago, and if he can break free of the past, he might find a second chance at happiness.
The pleasure principle : sex, backlash, and the struggle for gay freedom
The petticoat men
How does an industrial community cope when they are told that closure is inevitable? What if this is only the last in a 200 year long line of threats, insecurities and closure? How did people weather the storms and how do they face the future now? While attempts to regenerate communities are everywhere, we do not often hear from the people themselves just how they managed to create safe collective spaces or how the fall of the whole house of cards brought with it effects which can be felt by young people who never knew the town when it was an industrial heartland. We hear the story of how men and women tried to cope and still want to retain their community in the face of its destruction. What can they and will they have to pass to the next generation and where will that leave the young people themselves, who have nothing to stay for but are unable to leave? This book examines these crucial questions facing post-industrial societies.
Breaking (up) point
LGBT-parent families : innovations in research and implications for practice
Gay-friendly Helsinki: Case Helsinki Pride
This book provides a coherent history of criminal law and homosexuality in Scandinavia 1842-1999, a period during which same-sex love was outlawed or subject to more or less severe legal restrictions in the Scandinavian penal codes. This was the case in most countries in Northern Europe, but the book argues that the development in Scandinavia was different, partly determined by the structure of the welfare state. Five of the most experienced scholars of the history of homosexuality in the region (Jens Rydström, Kati Mustola, Wilhelm von Rosen, Martin Skaug Halsos and Thorgerdur Thorvaldsdóttir) describe how same-sex desire has been regulated in their respective countries during the past 160 years. The authors with their backgrounds in history, sociology, and gender studies represent an interdisciplinary approach to the problem of criminalization of same-sex sexuality. Their contributions, consisting for the most part of previously unpublished material, present for the first time a comprehensive history of homosexuality in Scandinavia. Among other things, it includes the most extensive study yet written in any language about Iceland's gay and lesbian history. Also for the first time, the book discusses in detail same-sex sexuality between women before the law in modern society and presents previously unpublished findings on this topic. Female homosexuality was outlawed in Eastern Scandinavia, but not in the Western parts of this region. It also analyzes the modern tendency to include lesbian women in the criminal discourse as an effect of the medicalization of homosexuality and the growing influence of medical discourse on the law.
Christopher Isherwood :  A personal memoir
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
Proxy
Accepted : how the first gay superstar changed WWE
Queer visibilities : space, identity and interaction in Cape Town
The glass closet : why coming out is good business
Gay subcultures and literatures : the Indian projections
Dust to dust
Queer wars : the new global polarization over gay rights
The lesbian and gay studies reader
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
More than four decades after the start of the gay liberation movement, lesbians and gay men can legally marry, adopt children, and enjoy the same rights and respect as heterosexuals... or can they? In Straight expectations, Julie Bindel tracks the changes in the gay community in the last 40 years and asks whetehr fighting for the right to marry has achieved genuine progress, or whether the new legal rights have neutered a once-radical social movement. - Drawing on extensive original research into changing attitudes towards sexuality, as well as interviews with scientists examining the 'gay gene', gay liberation pioneers, religious figures and key players of all political persuasions, Straight expectations asks: Is sexual orientation learned or latent? Do lesbians and gay men have anything in common? Have we now reached a stage where the 'only gay in the village' mentality no longer has any place in UK society? What can we learn from the battles being fought internationally?
Art in nature
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
Give it to me
Death in Venice
Under My Skin asks a lot of questions, questions that demand answers: Why are young black gay men invisible in Canada's queer and black communities? Do their lives really matter? How do young black men deal with the daily challenges of dealing with multiple oppressions in relation to our race and gender? Is Canada truly a multicultural nation? Why are the brothers dying due to gun violence on the streets of Toronto?
Bringing together forty-two groundbreaking essays--many of them already classics--The Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader provides a much-needed introduction to the contemporary state of lesbian/gay studies, extensively illustrating the range, scope, diversity, appeal, and power of the work currently being done in the field. Featuring essays by such prominent scholars as Judith Butler, John D'Emilio, Kobena Mercer, Adrienne Rich, Gayle Rubin, and Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick, The Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader explores a multitude of sexual, ethnic, racial, and socio-economic experiences. Ranging across disciplines including history, literature, critical theory, cultural studies, African American studies, ethnic studies, sociology, anthropology, psychology, classics, and philosophy, this anthology traces the inscription of sexual meanings in all forms of cultural expression. Representing the best and most significant English language work in the field, The Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader addresses topics such as butch-fem roles, the cultural construction of gender, lesbian separatism, feminist theory, AIDS, safe-sex education, colonialism, S/M, Oscar Wilde, Gertrude Stein, children's books, black nationalism, popular films, Susan Sontag, the closet, homophobia, Freud, Sappho, the media, the hijras of India, Robert Mapplethorpe, and the politics of representation. It also contains an extensive bibliographical essay which will provide readers with an invaluable guide to further reading.
Non-heterosexual young people at work and in the military service
Same sex marriages : new generations, new relationships
Balancing between identities : a gay athlete's experiences in sport and exercise domains in Finland
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Gay fandom and crossover stardom : James Dean, Mel Gibson, and Keanu Reeves
When everything feels like the movies
Boy meets boy
The summer isles
"At various times, homosexuality has been considered the noblest of loves, a horrible sin, a psychological condition or grounds for torture and execution. David F. Greenberg's careful, encyclopedic and important new book argues that homosexuality is only deviant because society has constructed, or defined, it as deviant. The book takes us over vast terrains of example and detail in the history of homosexuality."—Nicholas B. Dirks, New York Times Book Review
The poetics of waste : queer excess in Stein, Ashbery, Schuyler, and Goldsmith
Promoting Educational Equity through Teacher Empowerment:web-assisted Transformative Action Research as a Counter-Heteronormative Praxis
HIV and STI prevention among men who have sex with men
Seismic changes took place in Western societies attitudes to homosexuality around the turn of the 20th and 21st centuries. At first, gay communities suffered from rabidly hostile responses to the AIDS epidemic. Those terrible years were followed by piecemeal legal reform and a gradual thaw in the way gayness was represented in popular culture. From the wages of sin to the commercialisation of desire, from pretend families to equal marriage, gay people were eventually sucked into the mainstream of contemporary life. But how irreversible are those changes, how secure the future they promise? Best known for his literary criticism, Gregory Woods now turns his attention to journalism, film, TV, shopping, popular fiction, cartoons, the memoirs of the Beirut hostages, desert island stories, travel brochures, Italian camp, and anything else that takes his fancy. By paying close attention to the detail, he manages to convey the broader picture of a major turning-point in Western attitudes to sexuality. These essays amply demonstrate how gay and lesbian studies, far from addressing only narrow concerns, open up fresh perspectives on some of the more intractable issues of our times.
Three brothers
Cat on a queer tin roof : a descriptive study of the process of character analysis and directing
The myth of the last taboo: : queer subcultural studies
EMIS 2010 : the European men-who-have-sex-with-men Internet survey : findings from 38 countries
Pink tourism : holidays of gay men and lesbians
Phantom eyes
The Wolfenden Report of 1957 has long been recognized as a landmark in moves towards gay law reform. What is less well known is that the testimonials and written statements of the witnesses before the Wolfenden Committee provide by far the most complete and extensive array of perspectives we have on how homosexuality was understood in mid-twentieth century Britain. Those giving evidence, individually or through their professional associations, included a broad cross-section of official, professional and bureaucratic Britain: police chiefs, policemen, magistrates, judges, lawyers and Home Office civil servants; doctors, biologists (including Alfred Kinsey), psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and psychotherapists; prison governors, medical officers and probation officers; representatives of the churches, morality councils and progressive and ethical societies; approved school headteachers and youth organization leaders; representatives of the army, navy and air force; and a small handful of self-described but largely anonymous homosexuals. This volume presents an annotated selection of their voices.
A book for gay and bisexual people on how to build happy, secure lives and relationships, and a call-to-arms for society to protect and nurture young people, regardless of their sexual orientation. Written by Matthew Todd, editor of the UK's biggest-selling gay magazine, Straight Jacket is a revolutionary guide for gay men which began life as an article in Attitude magazine.
Master of the game
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
Gay semiotics
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
Medium, sweet, extra shot of geek
Gay & lesbian history for kids : the century-long struggle for LGBT rights, with 21 activities
Top 250 LGBTQ books for teens : coming out, being out, and the search for community
King of thieves
Homocysteine, folate and cardiovascular diseases
Cures : a gay man's odyssey
Tom house : [Tom of Finlad in Los Angeles]
The Penguin book of gay short stories
Protein-bound citrulline and homocitrulline in rheumatoid arthritis:confounding features arising from structural homology
These personal "coming out" stories from a wide range of young women and men in the UK are divided into three sections: "Coming Out", "Shouting Out" and "Moving On". The stories explore ways to combat the fear many people face before telling their family about their sexuality; the means of expressing pride and helping to fight prejudice; and the process of building strong, lasting relationships with gay friends and partners. A roleplay section is included for groups of friends to work from in developing the ideas and themes of the book.
"How to be a Real Gay takes its title from a series of workshops organised by gay activists in the small town of Ermelo, South Africa. Focusing on everyday practices of gayness in hair salons, churches, taverns and meeting halls, it explores the ambivalent space that homosexuality occupies in newly democratic South Africa: on the one hand, protection of gay rights is a litmus test for our Constitutional democracy, yet on the other, homosexuality is seen to threaten traditional values, customs and beliefs. This book is the first to emerge that recounts how gays in small-town South Africa negotiate this difficult symbolic terrain. How do discourses on international gay and lesbian social movements and gay equality hang together with local views on identity, gender and relationships? Why do small-town gays harness fashion, style and glamour in the making and sustaining of identity? How do economically vulnerable gays organize, access resources and create networks linking small towns to cities? How to be a Real Gay delves to the core of what it means to be other in contexts of risk, exclusion and inclusion. In its richly textured way, it also speaks to the tremendous capacity of gays to imagine and create life worlds in a harsh environment."--Publisher's website.
Queer sites : gay urban histories since 1600
Gaysia : adventures in the queer east
In another part of the forest : the Flamingo anthology of gay literature
There but for the
Out of hiding
The first discoveries of Homo erectus were made in Java late in the 19th century. Since then many fossils have come to light in Africa as well as Asia. Homo erectus seems to have evolved in Africa before spreading to other regions of the Old World. This occurred over a long period of time, during which the populations changed relatively little. Only towards the close of the middle Pleistocene are there signs of change in evolutionary tempo leading to the appearance of more advanced humans. This book provides a wealth of information about individual crania, jaws and postcranial remains and will serve as an important guide to the anatomy of Homo erectus. It also documents the history of this extinct human species and suggests a route whereby Homo erectus may have given rise to people more like Homo sapiens.
The challenges of being a rural gay man : coping with stigma
A thirsty evil : seven short stories
Criminally queer : homosexuality and criminal law in Scandinavia 1842-1999
We do : a celebration of gay and lesbian marriage
Prince of tricks
Homosexuality in Republican and Augustan Rome
Best gay erotica. 09
Will Grayson, Will Grayson
Straight expectations : what does it mean to be gay today?
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Development of dementia in mild cognitive impairment (MCI) patients with focus on B-vitamins
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
As normal as possible : negotiating sexuality and gender in mainland China and Hong Kong
Queer/tongzhi China : new perspectives on research, activism and media cultures
Imagine you give a dinner party and a friend of a friend brings a stranger to your house as his guest. He seems pleasant enough. Imagine that this stranger goes upstairs halfway through the dinner party and locks himself in one of your bedrooms and won't come out. Imagine you can't move him for days, weeks, months. If ever. This is what Miles does, in a chichi house in the historic borough of Greenwich, in the year 2009-10, in "There but for the". Who is Miles, then? And what does it mean, exactly, to live with other people? Sharply satirical and sharply compassionate, with an eye to the meanings of the smallest of words and the slightest of resonances, "There but for the" fuses disparate perspectives in a crucially communal expression of identity and explores our very human attempts to navigate between despair and hope, enormity and intimacy, cliche and grace. Ali Smith's dazzling new novel is a funny, moving book about time, memory, thought, presence, quietness in a noisy time, and the importance of hearing ourselves think.
The best man
How to be a real gay : gay identities in small-town South Africa
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
"Uses ethnography and cultural analysis to track scenes of intimate connection and disconnection among gay men across an array of media sites"--Provided by publisher.
A second harvest
Out in the army : my life as a gay soldier
Social work with lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans people : making a difference
Best gay erotica. 2012
The gay decameron
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
