http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27084 ferris wheels
ferris wheels
Dawn of the dead : 2-disc special edition
Smart cycling : promoting safety, fun, fitness, and the environment
Tires, suspension and handling
Black house
The Boneshaker
Cinema of anxiety : a psychoanalysis of Italian neorealism
Total road cycling
Eat, sleep, cycle : a bike ride around the coast of Britain
Market research of road racing bicycles in Nordic Countries : case: Cinelli
Abstract: This thesis deals with market research and the Nordic bicycle markets, the main  focus on road racing bicycles. The aim of this thesis is to describe the Nordic bicycle  markets, and find out market potential for the case company which is interested  in expanding their operations in the Nordic countries.  The theoretical framework of this thesis involves the main theories of market research.  Essential issues like market research process, data collection, market segmentation  and competitor identification and analysis will be presented.  The empirical part consists of market research of bicycle markets in different Nordic  countries and presentation of the main competitors of the case company. It is  based on both secondary and primary research. Secondary research included collecting  information from the Internet, books and brochures, along with investigating  statistics. Primary research was conducted by interviewing experts in the field  of business. In addition, questionnaire and observation were used.  The market research made for the case company gives an idea whether to allocate  more sources for investigating the Nordic markets more carefully, or not. Without  further examination, accurate conclusions cannot be made. However the results  show that there is some potential in the Nordic markets, especially in Denmark.
Motorcycle racing
Red Girls : the Legend of the Akakuchibas
Pushing the limits
Alleycats
The big noisy book of things that go
Akira. [1], The beginning
Heart of the hunter
The discovery of France
Hero on a bicycle : a novel
The big biscuit bike off
Finnish motocycle TT : Grand Prix : kolme vuosikymmentä kuvina = Grand Prix : three decades in pictures
The last chapter. Box 1
The last chapter. Box 2
Road vehicle suspensions
Composite materials : design and applications
Tour d'Europe : the yoga of road cycling
Walcyng : how to enhance walking and cycling instead of shorter car trips and to make these modes safer
Road and rail transportation
The illustrated history of road transport
Jarno Saarinen : the flying Finn = der fliegende Finne
