http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27071 Arduino
Arduino
This thesis is targeting to develop and engineer a burglar alarm system prototype using the software and hardware environment Arduino, which is originally manufactured by Smart Projects. The system under development provides a versatile theft inhibition hardware configuration for the holder of the system. It also provides vehicle localization enabling features in case of theft. In the final project, the aim is not to reach commercial benefit. The aim is to get familiar with software libraries and information offered by Arduino environment, GPS utilizing standard NMEA0183 and SIM900 with AT commands. This project examines burglar alarm system engineering from a commercially neutral point of view. Most of the sources have been published by companies, but without these essential resources it would be extremely complicated to engineer the software. In process of this final project, the functional requirements and hardware are defined. Then the embedded software is implemented. Finally, the achievements are explored and the final outcome is discussed. With the available resources for the project, it was feasible to create a project plan. The project plan describes how the burglar alarm system should work. A partial software was engineered and it was ready to use few AT commands. Also, the hardware design was put together. The GSM/GPRS Quadband module was assembled into the Arduino Mega 2560, and an anti-theft immobilizer relay was soldered into a circuit board. The PIR-sensor was acquired and connected to the Arduino Mega 2560.
thetoolbox you need to get started.
"Arduino is the open source electronics prototyping platform that's taken the design and hobbyist world by storm. This thorough introduction, updated for Arduino 1.0, gives you lots of ideas for projects and helps you work with them right away. From getting organized to putting the final touches on your prototype, all the information you need is here! Inside you'll learn about: Interaction design and physical computing; The Arduino hardware and software development environment; Basics of electricity and electronics; Prototyping on a solderless breadboard; Drawing a schematic diagram"--Page 4 of cover.
Xbee API Mode Programming and A Sound Detection Application
Arduino in Action
Lego and Arduino projects
Getting started with Arduino
Open Source Automation for Hydroponics : Design, Construction, Programming and Testing
Master programming Arduino with this hands-on guide  Arduino Sketches is a practical guide to programming theincreasingly popular microcontroller that brings gadgets to life.Accessible to tech-lovers at any level, this book provides expertinstruction on Arduino programming and hands-on practice to testyour skills. You'll find coverage of the various Arduino boards,detailed explanations of each standard library, and guidance oncreating libraries from scratch - plus practical examplesthat demonstrate the everyday use of the skills you're learning.Work on increasingly advanced programming projects, and gain morecontrol as you learn about hardware-specific libraries and how tobuild your own. Take full advantage of the Arduino API, and learnthe tips and tricks that will broaden your skillset.  The Arduino development board comes with an embedded processorand sockets that allow you to quickly attach peripherals withouttools or solders. It's easy to build, easy to program, and requiresno specialized hardware. For the hobbyist, it's a dream come true- especially as the popularity of this open-source projectinspires even the major tech companies to develop compatibleproducts. Arduino Sketches is a practical, comprehensiveguide to getting the most out of your Arduino setup. You'll learnto: Communicate through Ethernet, WiFi, USB, Firmata, and XbeeFind, import, and update user libraries, and learn to createyour ownMaster the Arduino Due, Esplora, Yun, and Robot boards forenhanced communication, signal-sending, and peripheralsPlay audio files, send keystrokes to a computer, control LEDand cursor movement, and more This book presents the Arduino fundamentals in a way that helpsyou apply future additions to the Arduino language, providing agreat foundation in this rapidly-growing project. If you're lookingto explore Arduino programming, Arduino Sketches is
Programming interactivity : a designer's guide to Processing, Arduino, and openFrameworks
Arduino workshop : a hands-on introduction with 65 projects
Get started working with popular processing platforms and wireless communication technologies to connect devices and systems to the Internet using sensors.
IoT get-u-going : in 35 projects with the Raspberry Pi and Arduino
Arduino cookbook
Building internet of things with the Arduino : V1.1
Arduino Sketches : Tools and Techniques for Programming Wizardry
Sams teach yourself Visual Basic 2015 in 24 hours
Beginning C for Arduino : learn C programming for the Arduino
Pi2 : Raspberry Pi + Arduino for young engineers. [Book one], Raspberry Pi, Arduino, beginning programming, robotics
Make: basic Arduino projects : 26 experiments with microcontrollers and electronics
The Design and Implementation of a Hydroponics Control System
Arduino and Kinect projects : Design, build, blow their minds
Arduino for dummies
Programming Arduino with LabVIEW : build interactive and fun learning projects with Arduino using LabVIEW
Beginning C for Arduino is written for those who have no prior experience with microcontrollers or programming but would like to experiment and learn both. This book introduces you to the C programming language, reinforcing each programming structure with a simple demonstration of how you can use C to control the Arduino family of microcontrollers. Author Jack Purdum uses an engaging style to teach good programming techniques using examples that have been honed during his 25 years of university teaching. Beginning C for Arduino will teach you: The C programming language How to use C to control a microcontroller and related hardware How to extend C by creating your own library routines During the course of the book, you will learn the basics of programming, such as working with data types, making decisions, and writing control loops. You'll then progress onto some of the trickier aspects of C programming, such as using pointers effectively, working with the C preprocessor, and tackling file I/O. Each chapter ends with a series of exercises and review questions to test your knowledge and reinforce what you have learned.
Arduino and Lego projects
Car Alarm System Engineered In Arduino Environment
Provides an introduction to Arduino, Kinect and Processing and includes step-by-step instructions for ten projects.
The new shop class : getting started with 3D printing, Arduino, and wearable tech
This thesis was born out of the idea to make hydroponic food growing easier and cheaper, hydroponics is essentially the growing of plants without the use of soil. The idea of it being open source is also in keeping with the general community feeling surrounded by the hydroponic movement. The objective of the thesis was to create a working hydroponic controller, which is cheap and simple enough to build. It will monitor and control the key environmental ingredients needed for successful hydroponic growing, chiefly the pH, EC, air and water levels. Visual alarms will be raised if these go outside of predefined ranges. The controller will also be able to control external HW, such as lights, water heater and a water pump. A circuit board was developed, which will act as a shield for an Arduino 2560 board. The circuit board will help in the ease of building the system. It acts too, as a way of keeping the HW more stable, as wires will not come loose and interference will be minimised. The SW and HW design will be available for everyone to download. Knowledge of what is important in hydroponic growing was considered and these factors were used as inputs into driving the SW and HW requirements. UI usability studies were carried out to ensure that the controller would be enjoyable to use. Software design and software patterns were taken into use to make the SW more module and expandable. Investigation into any third party SW libraries was done and consideration into licensing was carried out. This thesis details the HW and SW and why certain design decisions were made. The design of the SW classes are also described as well as the overall functioning of the SW. An explanation of how to build the system is also given.
The design and implementation of a hydroponics control system
C programming for Arduino : learn how to program and use Arduino boards with a series of engaging examples, illustrating each core concept
Arduino : a technical reference : a handbook for technicians, engineers, and makers
The Internet of things : do-it-yourself projects with Arduino, Raspberry Pi, and Beaglebone Black
Presents an introduction to the open-source electronics prototyping platform--
Beginning C for Arduino
Arduino computer vision programming : design and develop real-world computer vision applications with the powerful combination of OpenCV and Arduino
Arduino controlled turntable for loudspeaker directivity pattern measurements
Programming Arduino : getting started with sketches
Whether you're an artist, designer, programmer or hobbyist, Arduino lets you learn about and play with electronics. Discover how to build a variety of circuits that can sense or control real-world objects, prototype your own product, and even create interactive artwork.
A collection of fun and educational Python projects. / WorldCat.
Mechatronics : electronic control systems in mechanical and electrical engineering
Car alarm system engineered in Arduino environment
From off-the-shelf to do-it-yourself : an exploration and demonstration of DIY electronics culture with DRUM-O
Robot Competition, Design of Labyrinth and RobotDemo
ArduinoTM + AndroidTM projects for the evil genius : control arduino with your smartphone or tablet
Arduino home automation projects : automate your home using powerful Arduino platform
Make Arduino bots and gadgets : six embedded projects with open source hardware and software
Reformation of the test rack
Getting started with sensors
The purpose of this thesis was to build an Arduino controlled turntable which can be used to measure the directivity patterns of loudspeakers. Previously the measurements have been done by moving the microphone around the loudspeaker or by turning the loudspeaker by hand. Both of these methods suffer from poor accuracy of the angle of measurement. When the loudspeaker is instead placed on a stepper motor turntable the angle of measurement can be controlled with high accuracy. The project consisted of adding an Arduino controlled motor control circuit, power supply solution and a box to a given turntable assembly. Because the measurement requires silent environment, a short-range radio remote control which enables easy operation from an adjacent room, was added to the device. The project resulted in a working turntable, which can be used in loudspeaker measurements.
The TAB book of Arduino projects : 36 things to make with shields and proto shields
Sams teach yourself Arduino programming in 24 hours
Exploring Arduino : tools and techniques for engineering wizardry
Practical Arduino : cool projects for open source hardware
C programming for Arduino : learn how to program and use Arduino boards with a series of engaging examples, illustrating each core concept / Julien Bayle
Robot competition, design of labyrinth and RobotDemo
Understand the core elements of the Arduino programming language. Interact with almost any device that has a remote control. Transfer digital information from sensors to the Arduino device.
Learn about "interaction design and physical computing, the Arduino board and its software environment, basics of electricity and electronics, prototyping on a solderless breadboard, drasing a schematic diagram, talking to a computer--and the cloud--from arduino, building a custom plant-watering system," and more.--Back cover.
Beginning C for Arduino : learn C programming for the Arduino and compatible microcontrollers
Python playground : geeky projects for the curious programmer
30 Arduino projects for the evil genius
