http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27074 innocence
innocence
Guilty wives
n the summer of 1935, 13-year-old Briony Tallis wildly misinterprets the relationship between her sister Cecilia and Robbie Turner, childhood friends home from Cambridge. So when her young cousin is assaulted, Briony gives in to her hyperactive imagination and blames the atrocity on Robbie. It is a terrible decision that alters lives and fills Briony with an everlasting sense of guilt / WorldCat.
The simple truth
The crossing
Privileged Syd and and his proxy, Knox, are thrown together to overthrow the system / Library of Congress.
Franz Kafka's The trial : a graphic novel
The return : an Inspector Van Veeteren mystery
James Merrill : Knowing Innocence
The next three days
In time
Conviction
Ordeal by innocence
Watch me go
The last confession of Thomas Hawkins
The ex
The A-team : extended cut
The trial /cby Franz Kafka
Helsinki homicide : cold trail
The Brothers Karamazov. 2
The innocent man : murder and injustice in a small town
The Burma conspiracy
My wife Melissa
Minority report
The night of
The Brothers Karamazov. 1
Olivia Randall is one of New York City's best criminal defense lawyers. When she hears that her former fiance, Jack Harris, has been arrested for a triple homicide--and that one of the victims was connected to his wife's murder three years earlier--there is no doubt in her mind as to his innocence. The only question is, who would go to such great lengths to frame him--and why?  For Olivia, representing Jack is a way to make up for past regrets and absolve herself of guilt from a tragic decision, a secret she has held for twenty years. But as the evidence against him mounts, she is forced to confront her doubts. The man she knew could not have done this. But what if she never really knew him?
The scarecrow
Why are you doing this?
No one left to tell
The jeweller's niece
Proxy
The truth about the Harry Quebert affair
The innocent
The gods of guilt
The crossing : A Bosch novel
The Racketeer
Divided in death
The Next Three Days
One way or another
Horns
One shot
Hell's prisoner : the shocking true story of an innocent man jailed for over eleven years in Indonesia's most notorious prisons
All I did was shoot my man
James Merrill: Knowing Innocence reevaluates the achievement of this important poet by showing how he takes up an old paradigm – innocence – and reinvents it in response to new historical, scientific, and cultural developments including the bomb, contemporary cosmology, and the question of agency. The book covers Merrill’s full career, emphasizing the late poetry, on which there remains little commentary. Illuminating both Merrill’s relation to a tradition of literary innocence from Milton to Blake and Wordsworth to Emerson and Stevens, and his relevance to contemporary cultural debates, the rubric of "knowing innocence" helps us to understand his achievement. Merrill undertakes a career-long effort to know innocence, and develops a thematic and stylistic attitude that is both innocent and knowing, combining attitudes of wonder and hope with reflexive wit, intellectual breadth, and an unflinching gaze at mortality. He ultimately imagines innocence as creative agency, a capacity for imagination, invention, and ethical responsibility. The book demonstrates how, addressing questions of sexual identity, childhood and memory; atomic science, the big bang, and black holes; environmental degradation; AIDS; and the notion of the death of history – while honoring poetry’s essential qualities of freedom and play – his poems perform cultural work crucial to his time and ours.
The natural way of things
The broken window
The wrong man
The trial
Crashing heaven
Caleb Williams
Darling beast
The confession
