http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27022 mortality
mortality
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
"Every disaster made us wish for more" : cinematic deaths in Don DeLillo's White noise
Musings on mortality : from Tolstoy to Primo Levi
Now - after
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
Making dying illegal : architecture against death : original to the 21st century
Mortality
The snow queen
The Hidden Oracle
Being mortal : illness, medicine and what matters in the end
When breath becomes air
Deathbed selfie
Mors Britannica : lifestyle and death-style in Britain today
"'I don't believe in God, but I miss Him.' Julian Barnes' new book is, among many things, a family memoir, an exchange with his philosopher brother, a meditation on mortality and the fear of death, a celebration of art, an argument with and about God, and a homage to the French writer Jules Renard. Though he warns us that 'this is not my autobiography', the result is a tour of the mind of one of our most brilliant writers." -- (takakansi)
Docudancing griefscapes : choreographic strategies for embodying traumatic contexts in the trilogy Life & Death
Taking one's time
The hidden oracle
A tour of bones : facing fear and looking for life
Nothing to be frightened of
How literature saved my life
Succubus nights
The Taboo of the Perverse Dying Body
Being mortal : medicine and what matters in the end
After angering his father Zeus, the god Apollo is cast down from Olympus. Weak and disorientated, he lands in New York City as a regular teenage boy. Now, without his godly powers, the 4,000-year-old deity must learn to survive in the modern world, until he can somehow find a way to regain Zeus's favour. But Apollo has many enemies - gods, monsters and mortals - who would love to see the former Olympian permanently destroyed. Apollo needs help, and he can think of only one place to go - an enclave of modern demigods known as Camp Half-Blood.
We are all made of stars
