http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2700 publishing
publishing
What does it mean to publish today? In the face of a changing media landscape, institutional upheavals, and discursive shifts in the legal, artistic, and political fields, concepts of ownership, authorship, work, accessibility, and publicity are being renegotiated. The field of publishing not only stands at the intersection of these developments but is also introducing new ruptures. How the traditional publishing framework has been cast adrift, and which opportunities are surfacing in its stead, is discussed here by artists, publishers, and scholars through the examination of recent publishing concepts emerging from the experimental literature and art scene, where publishing is often part of an encompassing artistic practice. The number and diversity of projects among the artists, writers, and publishers concerned with these matters show that it is time to move the question of publishing from the margin to the center of aesthetic and academic discourse.
Getting it right : the essential elements of the dissertation
How to write and publish engineering papers and reports
The art of electronic publishing : the internet and beyond
Precarious alliances : cultures of participation in print and other media
Scribus : open source desktop publishing : the official manual
How desktop publishing works
Music, patronage, and printing in late Renaissance Florence
Copyright and the publishers
Within the Academy, itself a changing and increasingly entrepreneurial entity, publishing is no longer an option; it is the universal currency that secures a position, tenure and promotion; it is key to academic life. Providing a panoramic picture of the changing publishing climate, Academic Life and the Publishing Landscape will empower scholars by enabling them to navigate this changing terrain more successfully. This book provides guidance from a range of contributors who use their own wide expertise in writing and publication to document the challenges faced by scholars at different career stages and in different locations. It covers a wide range of debates on publishing, spilt into the following three sections: Mapping the Publication Landscape, Writing for Publication―Learning from Successful Voices, Further Challenges and Possibilities. With topics ranging from the process of preparing manuscripts for publication, including chapters on calculating journal rankings and understanding the Peer Review process, through to chapters on speaking to international audiences and writing for elite international journals, this book offers a unique perspective on how the changing nature of publishing works.
Creating web pages for dummies®
Occupational therapy in mental health : a journal of psychosocial practice & research
Exiled in Paris : Richard Wright, James Baldwin, Samuel Beckett and others on the Left Bank
Challenging the Matthew effect : international exchange of publications in four Finnish learned societies until the Second World War
Information and documentation : statistics on the production and distribution of books, newspapers, periodicals and electronic publications = Information et documentation : statistiques relatives à la production et à la distribution de livres, de journaux, de périodiques et de publications électroniques
Electronic publishing : problems and promises : "The Gutenberg galaxy in the age of Star Wars" : a seminar on the state of the art and the future prospects for scientific and technical electronic publishing
Electronic publishing for physics and astronomy
Critical reading : making sense of research papers in life sciences and medicine
The ordeal of the African writer
Change in Human Technology's Publisher : continued focus on open access human-technology research
Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay : the business of popular music
In the pressure of academic publishing : call for more accurate, constructive, and faster reviews
Scholarly publishing patterns in Finland : a comparison of disciplinary groups
The handbook of journal publishing
Past into print : the publishing of history in Britain, 1850-1950
Productivity in academia : scientific publishing at Norwegian universities
Getting your book published
Perspectives on American book history : artifacts and commentary
Between covers : the rise and transformation of book publishing in America
The conscience of psychiatry : the reform work of Peter R. Breggin
The long road to victory : a history of Czechoslovak exile organizations
Publishing in the information age : a new management framework for the digital era
Scholarly publishing in an electronic era
100 ways to publish and sell your own e-book : and make it a bestseller
The publication of plays in London 1660-1800 : playwrights, publishers and the market
Getting into print : a guide for scientists and technologists
Julkaisutoiminta Kuopion yliopistossa 1993 = Publications by the staff of the University of Kuopio in 1993
Change and continuity
Locality in the global net : the Internet as a space of citizen communication and local publicness
IISE - Interpreting in International Settings : training material for interpreters
We are family
Erasmus, man of letters : the construction of charisma in print
Graphic design school : the principles and practices of graphic design
Environmental performance of digital printing : literature study
Kuopion yliopiston julkaisuohjeet = Kuopio university guidelines for authors and editors
Fanzines : the DIY revolution
Impact of Enhanced Content Creation in Digital PR
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1998.
Publishing the postcolonial : Anglophone West African and Caribbean writing in the UK, 1948-1968
Essential songwriting : everything you need to compose, perform and sell great songs
Kuopion yliopiston julkaisuohjeet = Kuopio University guidelines for authors and editors
Academic writing and publishing : a practical handbook
Scientific fraud and the editor
Social science literature on Finnish development aid : a review and bibliography
The Sun King : Rupert Murdoch in his own words
The electronic publishing maze : strategies in the electronic publishing industry
Writing and illustrating the graphic novel
The design of books
101 top tips for DSLR video
Implementing project management theories in releasing a commercial hiphop album : case: Herrasmiesliiga
Tips and tricks for web site managers
The future of writing
Searching for common ground : The views of music industry professionals and consumers on the distribution of recorded music in Finland
Golden legacy : the story of Golden Books
Publishing in India : an analysis
Looking good in print : a guide to basic design for desktop publishing
Abstract: Implementing project management theories in releasing a commercial hiphop album - Case: Herrasmiesliiga..
The scientific journal
"Has any couple in twentieth-century intellectual life so captured and held attention as have Leonard and Virginia Woolf? They have proved endlessly interesting as individuals, as partners, as writers, as modernists, as the central players in the absorbing drama of Bloomsbury. Yet surprisingly scant attention has been paid to their remarkable achievement as publishers. Now J.H. Willis, Jr., combines wide-ranging literary knowledge with more than ten years of research to enhance forever our appreciation of Leonard and Virginia Woolf as publishers." "The Woolfs' very personal publishing enterprise began with the installation of a handpress in the drawing room of Hogarth House in 1917. What started as amateur diversion from the demands of their own writing encompassed, by the time of Virginia's suicide in 1941, the publication of 474 titles. Along the way the Woolfs published the early work of T.S. Eliot, Katherine Mansfield, John Maynard Keynes, and a host of others and introduced the English-speaking world to the great Russian novelists and Sigmund Freud." "It was a record any publisher would envy, all the more remarkable for the personal way in which it was achieved. Virginia originally set the type and frequently read the proof; Leonard as managing director made the deals, kept the books, and nearly always argued with the assistants. Through much digging J.H. Willis has pieced together the full story of Leonard and Virginia Woolf as Publishers." ""In the midst of present-day publishing giants and the obliterating tide of so many books," the author writes, "readers and publishers may look at the operation of the Hogarth Press with amusement, perhaps with disbelief, possibly with nostalgia. Most of all, I hope readers will look with admiration at what Leonard and Virginia Woolf achieved as publishers in the context of their times and will see the Hogarth Press as a brilliant addition to their accomplishments as writers and intellectuals.""--BOOK JACKET.
Handbook of digital publishing. Vol. 1
Leonard and Virginia Woolf as publishers : the Hogarth Press, 1917-41
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
Creating postcolonial literature : African writers and British publishers
The book as a work of art : the Cranach Press of Count Harry Kessler
a Presents a history of Golden Books, discussing how it was founded in the mist of World War II providing quality books at inexpensive prices and used innovative writers and marketing techniques to establish itself as a highly successful publishing firm.
Pure design : 79 simple solutions for magazines, books, newspapers, and websites
Publishing for profit : successful bottom-line management for book publishers
Unfree masters : recording artists and the politics of work
Microsoft Office Publisher 2007 : step by step
Julkaisutoiminta Kuopion yliopistossa 1991 = Publications by the staff of the University of Kuopio in 1991
Faster than a speeding bullet : the rise of the graphic novel
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Dutch press, magazines and schoolbooks publishing industries
Scholarly publishing : the electronic frontier
Spreading the word : editors on poetry
The greatest albums you'll never hear : unreleased records by the world's greatest musicians
Open access publishing as an incorporator of research and innovation cycle
"Song publishing is the one constant in the carousel of recorded music now spanning the past century, and has been the way that song-credits and publishing revenue have caused ructions and recriminations, and inspired writers by making them poor and lawyers rich. Whether it be Procul Harum going to court to decide who really wrote 'Whiter Shade of Pale' or the Moody Blues wanting their fair share of 'Nights of White Satin', when the song-credits get divvied up, a parting of the ways citing 'musical differences' is almost inevitable. So here are some choice examples of poplore held up to the light, some familiar to music fans others not, designed to prove that Dylan knew of what he wrote when he suggested, 'Money doesn't talk, it swears'. Between them, they provide the unvarnished story of popular song from the days jukeboxes and radio replaced wax cylinders and piano rolls to the era of digital downloads, legal and illegal..."--Publisher's description.
Inside the Zhivago storm : the editorial adventures of Pasternak's masterpiece
Cultural and contextual shaping of scholarly communication : publishing and reading practices in Finnish state research institutes
The electronic publishing business and its market
Hegemonic academic practices : experiences of publishing from the periphery
The digital designer's bible : the print and Web designer's toolkit for stress-free working parctice
Information and documentation : library performance indicators = Information et documentation : indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques
Christmas blues
Publish
Information services today : an introduction
Printing and reading Italian Latin humanism in Renaissance Europe (ca. 1470-ca. 1540)
Survival under adverse conditions : proceedings of the African Library Science Journals Workshop
From print to electronic : the transformation of scientific communication
Opticalinfo 89 : the International Meeting for Optical Publishing and Storage, Amsterdam 18-20 April 1989.
Beginning January 1, 2017, the role of publisher of the journal Human Technology will be moved from the Agora Center to the Open Science Center at the University of Jyvaskyla because of internal university restructuring. Day-to-day operations and ongoing open access will continue for Human Technology's without interruption.
Publish or perish
This business of songwriting
How to draw and sell digital cartoons
Handbook of digital publishing. Vol. 2
Learned societies and institutions in India : activities and publications including over 4,000 research oriented titles
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Irish publishing industry
The craft of food and cookery writing
Dictionnaire bilingue de l'édition : français-anglais = Bilingual dictionary of book publishing : English-French
Getting It Right: The Essential Elements of the Dissertation was written for graduate students writing their dissertations. Clearly written and organized into five thematic chapters- introduction and rationale; review of literature; methods; results/findings; and interpretation and recommendations-this key writing source includes comprehensive examples taken directly from high-quality, scholarly dissertations. With motivational pep talks for graduate students and appropriate tips for mentors, Getting It Right is a thorough, but reader-friendly guide for both dissertation writers and their faculty advisors.
Print, chaos, and complexity : Samuel Johnson and eighteenth-century media culture
Cumulative book index
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Open access and the future of scholarly communication : policy and infrastructure
The role of metadata in electronic publishing
Manga in America : transnational book publishing and the domestication of Japanese comics
Non vitae, sed scholae
InDesign CS for Macintosh and Windows
The prose factory : literary life in England since 1918
How to write a hit song : the complete guide to writing and marketing chart-topping lyrics & music
No serious researcher..
The musical theatre writer's survival guide
The invention of free press : writers and censorship in eigteenth century Europe
Publishing and the academic world : passion, purpose and possible futures
Electronic publishing in Europe : competitiveness, employment and skills
Commercial visions : science, trade, and visual culture in the Dutch Golden Age
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1999.
European Union publishers' forum : catalogue
Newsletters :  a step-by-step guide
Damn! Why didn't I write that? : how ordinary people are raking in $100,000,00... or more writing nonfiction books & how you can too!
Focus on the child : libraries, literacy and learning
Publishing strategies in transformation? : results of a study on publishing habits and information acquisition with regard to open acces
Scholarly communications : a history from content as king to content as kingmaker
How to be a writer : the definitive guide to getting published and making a living from writing
Development of science publishing in Europe
Rolling our own : women as printers, publishers and distributors
Written here, published there : how underground literature crossed the iron curtain
The Columbia guide to digital publishing
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
Publishing as artistic practice
"The Handbook of Journal Publishing is a comprehensive reference work written by experienced professionals, covering all aspects of journal publishing, both online and in print. Changes in recent years in the way journals are produced, financed and used make this an especially turbulent and challenging time for journal publishers - and for authors, readers and librarians. The Handbook offers a thorough guide to the journal publishing process, from editing and production through marketing, sales and fulfilment, with chapters on management, finances, metrics, copyright and ethical issues. It provides a wealth of practical tools, including checklists, sample documents, worked examples, alternative scenarios and extensive lists of resources, which readers can use in their day-to-day work. Between them, the authors have been involved in every aspect of journal publishing over several decades and bring to the text their experience working for a wide range of publishers in both the not-for-profit and commercial sectors"--
University libraries and scholarly communication : a study prepared for the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation
Whatcha mean, what's a zine? : the art of making zines and minicomics
It's one for the money : the song snatchers who carved up a century of pop & sparked a musical revolution
Graphic design for 21st century desktop publishers
Research*eu : the magazine of the European research area
Problogger: secrets for blogging your way to a six-figure income
Printed matters : printing, publishing and urban culture in Europe in the modern period
LWF publications 1970-1981 : including a list of publications related to all LWF assemblies
Open Access : a new paradigm for the distribution of scientific publications
The book today in Africa
The songwriter's handbook
European Union Publishers' Forum 1998 : a selection of titles = Auswahl von Titeln = Une sélection de titres
Electronic publishing in science : Proceedings of the Joint ICSU Press : UNESCO Expert Conference : February 1996
European science editing : bulletin of the European Association of Science Editors
New thinking for 21st century publishers : emerging patterns and evolving stratagems
The book revolution
Academic journal publishing and open access
Early modern Dutch prints of Africa
Revolutions from Grub Street : a history of magazine publishing in Britain
Abstract.
How reproductive is a reproduction? : digital transmission of textbased documents
The business of epublishing 2015
Scientific and technical journals
This book explores the impact that the "African Writers Series" had on the on the development of African writing in English in the 1960's by examining the works of such authors as George Lamming, Samuel Selvon, Wilson Harris, Derek Walcott, Amos Tutuola, Chinua Achebe, Ngugi Wa Thiongo, and Wole Soyinka. It takes into account recent debates in the discipline of book history, notably issues regarding the study of social, cultural, and economic questions of authorship, publishing histories, canon formation, and the production, distribution and reception of texts in the literary marketplace. BiographyGail Low teaches contemporary writing and publishing in English at the University of Dundee. She has co-edited A Black British Canon? and is the author of White Skins/Black Masks: Representation and Colonialism (Routledge, 1996).
Pioneers of modern typography
A librarian's guide on how to publish
Electronic publishing : data bases and computer programs : TERESA (40) 2
Desktop publishing skills : a primer for typesetting with computers and laser printers
Tales from the script : 50 Hollywood Screenwriters share their stories
The author's toolkit : a step-by-step guide to writing and publishing your book
Human Technology will move to a new physical location in January 2017—the Open Science Center of the University of Jyväskylä, due to university restructuring—yet the University remains the ultimate publisher. For Human Technology, change is inherent; indeed this is reflected in the research published in each issue. The present issue comprises five articles that demonstrate the ongoing integration of technology in most aspects of human living.
"Past into Print" takes a fresh approach in looking at the creation of historical knowledge, exploring history books and periodicals as sites of conflict and compromise. Traditionally, scholars have been reluctant to acknowledge book-trade influences, either on the history they read and learn, or the histories they write and study. In this book the demands of commerce and of scholarship jostle with debates about patriotism and pedagogy. The human protagonists are historians and publishers, while the theoretical concerns lie with historiography and bibliography. Drawing on the lively correspondence found in publishers' archives, Leslie Howsam shows how mid-Victorian narrative certainties gave way to twentieth-century disciplinary anxieties.
Editors, scholars, and the social text
Author's editing - some tips from Finland
Songwriting success : how to write songs for fun and (maybe) profit
The imperfectionists
Standards for electronic publishing : an overview
Publishing on CD-ROM
Writing a novel and getting published for dummies
Children's writers' & artists' yearbook 2016 / Frank Cottrell Boyce
Printing, propaganda, and Martin Luther
Publishing in the networked world: transforming the nature of communication : 14th International Conference on Electronic Publishing, 16-18 June 2010, Helsinki, Finland
Adobe InDesign CS4 revealed
Business research in the Nordic countries: an analysis of research output across countries, disciplines, and institutions
Fair copies : reproducing the English lyric from Tottel to Shakespeare
International book publishing : an encyclopedia
"Profit and delight" : printed miscellanies in England, 1640-1682
The impact of electronic media on trade book publishing
eReading advertising and value creation best practices - Outlook 2010-2011 / Seppo Leminen, Juho-Petteri Huhtala (Eds.)
Signposts for archaeological publication : a guide to good practice in the presentation and printing of archaeological periodicals and monographs
'Paper-contestations' and textual communities in England, 1640-1675
Electronic literature publishing and distribution in Europe
Citation analysis in research evaluation
Multichannel multi market media service business model evaluation and benchmark
"The name Erasmus of Rotterdam conjures up a golden age of scholarly integrity and the disinterested pursuit of knowledge, when learning could command public admiration without the need for authorial self-promotion. Lisa Jardine, however, shows that Erasmus self-consciously created his own reputation as the central figure of the European intellectual world.  Erasmus himself--the historical as opposed to the figural individual--was a brilliant, maverick innovator, who achieved little formal academic recognition in his own lifetime.  What Jardine offers here is not only a fascinating study of Erasmus but also a bold account of a key moment in Western history, a time when it first became possible to believe in the existence of something that could be designated "European thought."
The absolute essentials of songwriting success : from song dog to top dog : making it in the music business
Booklife : strategies and survival tips for the 21st-century writer
Electronic publishing and printing programme 1995-1999 : mid-term evaluation
Laurea polytechnic guidelines for bachelor's theses
Publication catalogue of the National Public Health Institute in 1995.
Lewis Carroll's Alice's adventures in Wonderland and Through the looking glass : a publishing history
Study on the economic and technical evolution of the scientific publication markets in Europe : final report - January 2006
Romantic periodicals and print culture
Starting from an analysis of practices of participation in contemporary print and other media, the volume opens up a historical perspective, probing the potential of the concept of participatory cultures for the exploration of past forms of collaboration between individual and collective actors (i.e. authors, editors, publishers, fans, critics etc.). In doing so, the volume sheds new light on the historically, culturally, and medially specific forms and functions as well as on the economic, political and institutional parameters that contributed to the emergence and transformation of what turn out to be precarious alliances.
A study of the evolution of concentration in the press and general publishing industry in the United Kingdom
Happy together
A companion to digital humanities
The Manager's Guide to Desktop Electronic Publishing
Communicate science papers, presentations, and posters effectively
The journal Human technology : an ongoing resource for human-technology research
Start your own self-publishing business : your step-by-step guide to success
Black writers, white publishers : marketplace politics in twentieth-century African American literature
