http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27078 squamous cell carcinoma
squamous cell carcinoma
Diagnosis and treatment of premalignant changes of photodamaged skin : novel hyperspectral imaging and new therapeutical aspects
Basement membranes (BM) underlie epithelia and endothelia and surround many tissues. In cutaneous BM epithelial cells are attached to the stroma via multiprotein complexes called hemidesmosomes (HD). Collagen XVII and integrin α6β4 are components of HD and they bind to laminin 332, a component of anchoring filaments, extracellularly. The main interest of this study is the function of collagen XVII and its interactions with these proteins. What is known about the function of collagen XVII is mostly derived from its role as an adhesive component in cutaneous HD. Here we demonstrate for the first time that collagen XVII is expressed by podocytes in the human and murine glomerulus and that mutant mice lacking collagen XVII in addition to small size, blisters and diffuse hair loss, also have deficient glomerular development and a high mortality rate. We also show for the first time at the protein level that collagen XVII is expressed, and probably has a functional interaction with laminin 332, in normal colon epithelia. We demonstrate that collagen XVII is expressed by the invasive cells of human colorectal carcinoma (CRC) samples and its immunostaining is increased in metastasis in CRC. The higher proportion of collagen XVII positive tumor cells correlates with decreased disease-free survival and cancer-specific survival times and we also suggest a functional interaction between collagen XVII and laminin 332 in CRC. Previous studies have suggested that collagen XVII participates in keratinocyte migration by affecting the correlation of HD disassembly and assembly, its expression is increased in squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and it may have a role in cell adhesion and migration in SCC carcinogenesis. Here we demonstrate upregulated collagen XVII, integrin β4 and laminin γ2 expression in actinic keratosis, Bowen's disease and SCC. The expression of collagen XVII was increasedwith a high degree of variation, especially in samples taken from areas where SCC is particularly invasive. We also demonstrate in the SCC-25 cell line that lack of collagen XVII or integrin β4 severely disrupts the adhesion, migration and invasivity of these cells. Taken together, in this study we show that collagen XVII is needed for normal glomerular development, is expressed in normal colon epithelia and participates in CRC and SCC carcinogenesis together with laminin 332 and integrin β4.
Epithelial-mesenchymal transition in oral squamous carcinoma cells
Evaluation of regional and distant metastases in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma patients with special reference to assessment of regional lymph nodes in oral cancer
Auger-emitter radiochemotherapy in squamous cell cancers : in vitro and in vivo experiments with 111In-BLMC
Functional analysis of collagen XVII in epithelial cancers and a mouse model
Evaluation of regional and distant metastases in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma patients with special reference to the assessment of regional lymph nodes in oral cancer
Molecular markers for progression of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin
Postmenopausal hormone therapy and the risk for uterine cancers
Oxidative stress and cell adhesion in skin cancer
The microenvironment is essential for OTSCC progression
Mast cells in human epithelial cancers
Cancer-associated fibroblasts in skin squamous cell carcinoma and breast cancer : role of fibroblast-derived integrin a11 and collagen XV in carcinogenesis
Trypsin – MMP –Claudin cascades in the modulation of tongue SCC microenvironment
Roles of novel biomarkers in progression of cutacenous squamous cell carcinoma
Epithelial-mesenchyma[l] transition and expression of its transcription factors in pharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma
Novel roles for basement membrane collagens : isoform-specific functions of collagen XVIII in adipogenesis, fat deposition and eye development, and effects of the collagen IV-derived matricryptin arresten on oral carcinoma growth and invasion
Regulatory mechanisms mediating matrix metalloproteinase-8 effects in oral tissue repair and tongue cancer
Skin is the largest organ in our body protecting us from ultraviolet radiation and xenobiotics. UV-radiation is a common cause of squamocellular carcinoma and melanoma of the skin that cause morbidity and mortality world wide. Reactive oxygen species are constantly formed by, for example, cellular respiration and UV-radiation, and they can readily react with virtually any macromolecule within cell structures causing damage to DNA, proteins and lipids. Oxidative stress (OS) is a homeostatic process that is dysregulated in cancer cells to their benefit. Nuclear factor erythroid-2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) is the main regulator of antioxidant response and it has been shown to be upregulated in various cancers enabling their survival and growth. By using immunohistochemistry we studied the change and prognostic significance of OS markers in melanoma from paraffin embedded patient samples. Nrf2 expression is increased in melanoma, associating with deeper invasion and a worse melanoma-specific outcome. In addition, epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition markers Slug, Twist and Zeb1 showed altered expression levels in relation to invasion and metastasis associating also with Nrf2. With the help of target inhibition molecules Vemurafenib and MEK-inhibitor CI-1040, In vitro study showed that BRAF- and NRAS-mutations might activate Nrf2. Furthermore, Nrf2-regulated antioxidant enzyme peroxiredoxin I showed decreased expression in malignant melanomas and metastases compared to benign naevi. Intriguing findings were made from the surrounding structures of melanomas e.g. loss of expression of an oxidative lesion marker 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in adjacent endothelial cells associated with worse melanoma-specific survival. Changes in the expression of adhesion molecules claudins 1-5 and 7 were studied in the progression of cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas and preneoplastic lesions.Change in claudin composition can alter epidermal permeability and cell polarity.Efficiency of oncological treatment modalities is frequently based on oxidative stress damage. Nrf2-inhibition could offer the means to increase the sensitivity of cancerous tissue to oxidative insults and hinder proliferative and survival signalling. Later research should focus on the relation of Nrf2 with other signalling and observations made from the tumour microenvironment.
Neuron navigator 3 (NAV3) gene aberrations in human cancer : copy number variations and target genes
Transforming growth factor beta1 genotype and treatment outcome in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma
Tumour microenvironment of skin squamous cell carcinoma : expression and roles of collagens XV and XVIII, and VEGF-D in skin carcinogenesis
The regulation and function of collagenase-3 (MMP-13) in cutaneous wound healing and squamous cell carcinoma
Regulation of epidermal tight junctions by calcium ATPases and p38
The tumor microenvironment (TME) is critically important for tumor development. The microenvironment consists of fibroblasts, endothelial and immune cells as well as extracellular matrix (ECM), proteases and various other soluble factors produced by the cells. It is challenging to develop methods that appropriately mimic the human microenvironment, but this effort is essential in order to reliably elucidate the properties of potential anti-tumor drugs. The aim of this study was to create new 3D organotypic invasion models based on human tissue that would be used to study the effects of the anti-angiogenic molecules arresten and endostatin on tongue squamous carcinoma cells.The classic way to study cancer invasion has been to use a collagen invasion model that is created by mixing rat type I collagen, matrix produced by mouse EHS tumor cells and human fibroblasts. Our research group has developed a novel human myoma tissue based invasion model, which is composed of several different cell types and molecules that are normally present in the human TME. We show how this model is suitable for invasion studies, not only for oral cancer, but for other invasive cell lines as well.There are several matrix-derived fragments that have been shown to possess anti-angiogenic activity. Arresten is a 26 kDa fragment that is cleaved from type IV collagen and is known to inhibit angiogenesis, the formation of new capillaries and tumor growth in vivo. However, its effect on the tumor microenvironment in addition to endothelial cells has not been studied. We show that arresten also directly affects oral cancer cells by decreasing their migration and invasion as well as tumor size, invasion and angiogenesis in in vivo mouse xenografts.Another inhibitor of angiogenesis, endostatin, is cleaved from type XVIII collagen. It has been shown to suppress angiogenesis and tumor growth without toxicity or side effects in mouse models. Our studies show that endostatin directly affects tongue squamous carcinoma cells by reducing their invasion and spreading in organotypic 3D assays and mouse tumor models.In summary, arresten and endostatin are anti-angiogenic as well as anti-invasive molecules and therefore potential cancer drugs. They seem to have a direct effect on carcinoma cells making the cells less invasive. The myoma model allows us to study the effects of anti-cancer molecules with a new prospective.
