http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27082 cosmologists
cosmologists
Observational cosmology : International Symposium held in Milano, Italy 21-25 September 1992
After the first three minutes : the story of our universe
Anaximander and the origins of Greek cosmology
Large-scale structures in the universe
Primordial perturbations from a self-interacting curvaton
Modern cosmology and the dark matter problem
Kaiken teoria = The theory of everything
General relativity and cosmology
Cosmic clowns : convention, invention, and inversion in the Yaqui Easter ritual
3-minute Stephen Hawking : digesting his life, theories and influence in 3-minute morsels
Characterization of primordial perturbations by observations
'Here, on the edge of what we know, in contact with the ocean of the unknown, shines the mystery and the beauty of the world. And it's breathtaking'  These seven short, simple lessons guide us through the scientific revolution that shook physics in the twentieth century and still continues to shake us today. Theoretical physicist Carlo Rovelli, a founder of the loop quantum gravity theory. explains Einstein's theory of general relativity, quantum mechanics, black holes, the complex architecture of the universe, elementary particles, gravity, and the nature of the mind. In under eighty pages, readers will understand the most transformative scientific discoveries of the twentieth century and what they mean for us.
The onset of nonlinearity in cosmology
The existence of God
The article discusses methodological similarities and differences between Uno Harva and Mircea Eliade, with the objective of reassessing the value of their comparativist programs for the study of religion in general and of 'religious' cognition in particular. The Finnish scholar Uno Holmberg-Harva (1882-1949) was a predecessor to Eliade as a scholar of Asian and European religious history. During the first three decades of the twentieth century, when the academic study of religion was still maturing in Europe, Harva expanded considerably the field of the ethnological study of religion with his religio-phenomenological monographs Der Baum des Lebens (1922), Finno-Ugric, Siberian Mythology (1927) and Die Religiösen Vorstellungen der Altaischen Völker (1938). Harva was a towering figure in Finnish scholarship. Originally a Protestant theologian and Lutheran minister, he resigned from his ecclesiastical position to become a historian of religion, field ethnographer, ethnosociologist and folklorist under the tutelage of Edward Westermarck and Kaarle Krohn. Harva's influence on the work of Eliade has been almost entirely ignorant by historiographers of Religious Studies.
First principles of cosmology
From quantum fluctuations to cosmological structures : proceedings of the first Moroccan School of Astrophysics Casablanca, Morocco, 1-10 December 1996
Quintessence : scalar field as the cosmic dark energy
The comet seekers
Cosmology : historical, literary, philosophical, religious, and scientific perspectives
Cosmological constant and the evolution of the universe : proceedings of the 1st RESCEU International Symposium on "the Cosmological Constant and the Evolution of the Universe" held on November 7-10, 1995, in Tokyo, Japan
Seven brief lessons on physics
The universe at high-z, large scale structure and the cosmic microwave background : proceedings of an advanced summer school held at Laredo, Cantabria, Spain, 4-8 September 1995
The big picture : on the origins of life, meaning, and the universe itself
Travelling to infinity : my life with Stephen
Theoretical and observational cosmology
Plato's cosmology : the Timaeus of Plato
Active-Sterile neutrino oscillation and lepton asymmetry generation in the early universe
Thermodynamics and kinetics of cosmological phase transitions
The isotropic universe : an introduction to cosmology
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
The cold universe : proceedings of the XXVIIIth Rencontre de Moriond, Les Arces, Savoie, France, March 13-20, 1993
Introduction to cosmology
Clustering at high redshift : proceedings of a conference held at Marseille, France, 29 June - 2 July 1999
Stephen Hawking : his life and work : the story and science of one of the most extraordinary, celebrated and courageous figures of our time
On the properties and cosmology of q-balls
Determining cosmological parameters using X-ray analyses of clusters of galaxies and the cepheid period-luminosity relation
Scalar condensates in the early Universe and consequences of their non-perturbative decay
"The damming of Bujagali Falls, located only 8 kilometers north of the historic source of the White Nile or the outlet of Lake Victoria, has been seen as one of the most controversial dams in modern times. In 2012, the dam was eventually inaugurated after years of anti-dam opposition and delays. A unique aspect of the controversies was the river spirit Budhagaali living in the falls blocking the dam and opposing the destruction of the waterfalls. This spirits embodies a particular healer - Jaja Bujagali, but he was bypassed by another healer who conducted no less than three grandiose appeasement and relocation ceremonies for the Budhagaali spirit clearing the way for the dam. Why has this particular dam been so controversial? How can a water spirit block a nearly billion dollar dam? What was the ritual drama behind the construction of the dam and is it possible to move a spirit? And what happened to Budhagaali and the indigenous religion after the falls were flooded and can a river spirit be drowned in its own element - water?" --Provided by publisher.
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
Masks of the universe
Roisin and Francois first meet in the snowy white expanse of Antarctica. And everything changes. While Roisin grew up in a tiny village in Ireland, ablaze with a passion for science and the skies and for all there is to discover about the world, Francois was raised by his beautiful young mother, who dreamt of new worlds but was unable to turn her back on her past. As we loop back through their lives, glimpsing each of them only when a comet is visible in the skies above, we see how their paths cross as they come closer and closer to this moment. Theirs are stories filled with love and hope and heartbreak, that show how strangers can be connected and ghosts can be real, and the world can be as lonely or as beautiful as the comets themselves.
Consequensis of supersymmetry in the early universe
Observational tests of cosmological inflation : Proceedings of the NATO Advanced Research Workshop on Observational tests of inflation, Durham, U.K., December 10-14, 1990
Magnetic helicity in astrophysical dynamos
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
Supersymmetry vis-à-vis observation : dark matter constraints, global fits and statistical issues
Topics in brane cosmology
N-Field inflation : curvature and entropy perturbations
The early universe
Aspects of inflationary models at low energy scales
Non-Gaussian cosmological perturbations from hybrid inflation and preheating
This is a uniquely comprehensive and detailed treatment of the theoretical and observational foundations of modern cosmology, by a Nobel Laureate in Physics. It gives up-to-date and self contained accounts of the theories and observations that have made the past few decades a golden age of cosmology.
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Cosmology
The nine numbers of the cosmos
Introduction to astronomy and cosmology
Cosmologie et structure à grande échelle : Les Houches session LX 1-28 août 1993 = Cosmology and large scale structure
The idea of nature
Aspects of spectator fields in post-inflationary resonant particle production
Cosmology : the science of the universe
Fact and theory in cosmology
Cosmology in antiquity
Stephen Hawking : his life and work : the story and science of one of the most extraordinary, celebrated, and courageous figures of our time
Dammed divinities : the water powers at Bujagali Falls, Uganda
Cosmological physics
Formation of structure in dark energy cosmologies
On the effects of cosmic structures in the late universe
Map-making and power spectrum estimation for cosmic microwave background temperature anisotropies
Acceleration of the cosmological expansion as an effect of inhomogeneities
Axion cosmology
On the Properties and Cosmology of Q-balls
Discovery of cosmic fractals
Photometric redshifts and high redshift galaxies : proceedings of a workshop held at Carnegie Observatories, Pasadena, California, USA, 28-30 April, 1999
Cosmology as widow to physics beyond Einstein gravity
Universe
Cosmology : foundations and frontiers
Light propagation and observations in inhomogeneous cosmological models
The dynamic universe : toward a unified picture of physical reality
The omega point : the search for the missing mass and the ultimate fate of the universe
Looking at the early universe through gravitational lenses
The day without yesterday
Eureka : an essay on the material and spiritual universe
Cosmic perturbation theory and inflation
VLBI and total flux density investigations of the structure of active galactic nuclei
Rethinking 'religious' cognition : the Eliadean notion of the sacred in the light of the legacy of Uno Harva
The big bang : the creation and evolution of the universe
Cosmic flows 1999 : towards an understanding of large-scale structure : proceedings of a conference held on the Campus of the University of Victoria, on the Island of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, 13-17 July 1999
A different approach to cosmology : from a static universe through the big bang towards reality
The popularity of Stephen Hawking's work has put cosmology back in the public eye. The question of how the universe began, and why it hangs together, still puzzles scientists. Their puzzlement began two and a half thousand years ago when Greek philosophers first 'looked up at the sky and formed a theory of everything.' Though their solutions are little credited today, the questions remain fresh. The early Greek thinkers struggled to come to terms with and explain the totality of their surroundings; to identitify an original substance from which the universe was compounded; and to reconcile the presence of balance and proportion with the apparent disorder of the universe. Rosemary Wright examines the cosmological theories of the 'natural philosophers' from Thales, Anaximander and Anaximenes to Plato, the Stoics and the NeoPlatonists. The importance of Babylonian and Egyptian forerunners is emphasised.
Jewish and Christian Cosmogony in Late Antiquity
The dynamic universe
Plato's cosmology : the Timaeus of Plato ; transl. with a running commentary by Francis Macdonald Cornford
Gravitino phenomenology and cosmological implications of supergravity
