http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27083 status of disabled people
status of disabled people
"Disability and chronic illness represents a special kind of cultural diversity, the "other" to "normal" able-bodiedness. Most studies of disability consider disability in North American or European contexts; and studies of diversity in Japan consider ethnic and cultural diversity, but not the differences arising from disability. This book therefore breaks new ground, both for scholars of disability studies and for Japanese studies scholars. It charts the history and nature of disability in Japan, discusses policy and law relating to disability, examines caregiving and accessibility, and explores how disability is viewed in Japan"--
Disability discourse
Environmental contexts and disability
Life beyond the classroom : transition strategies for young people with disabilities
Disability rights and wrongs revisited
Social histories of disability and deformity
Understanding experiences of vocational training and employment for persons with learning disabilities in Zambia : lessons for the future
Disability, society, and the individual
Government report to Parliament on the human rights policy of Finland 2009.
Encounters with strangers : feminism and disability
Disability, culture, and development : a case study of Japanese children at school
Disability : a life course approach
Enabling play : designing accessible playground equipment for and with children
Deaf and disabled or deafness disabled? : towards a human rights perspective
Legal issues in human reproduction
The politics of deafness
The status of sign language in Europe
COST 335 : passangers' accessibility of heavy rail systems : final report of the action
"Making Rights a Reality? explores the way in which disability activists in the United Kingdom and Canada have transformed their aspirations into legal claims in their quest for equality. It unpacks shifting conceptualizations of the political identity of disability and the role of a rights discourse in these dynamics. In doing so, it delves into the diffusion of disability rights among grassroots organizations and the traditional disability charities. It then shows how the diffusion of this rights model of disability can explain how and why disability activists have deployed legal strategies in pursuit of their goals. The book draws on a wealth of primary sources including court records and campaign documents and encompassing interviews with more than sixty activists and legal experts. While showing that the disability rights movement has had a significant impact on equality jurisprudence in two countries, the book also demonstrates that the act of mobilizing rights can have consequences, both intended and unintended, for social movements themselves"--Provided by publisher.
A strong basis for inclusion and equality : Finland's disability policy programme Vampo 2010-2015
Divorce and the special needs child
At Home Among Strangers
Disability and social integration : constructions of childhood impairments in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century canonisation processes
Oxford handbook of deaf studies, language, and education : volume 2
Social work and disability
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
The ragged edge : the disability experience from the pages of the first fifteen years of The disability rag
The disability studies reader
Making rights a reality? : disability rights activists and legal mobilization
Holistic care - from rhetoric to reality : proceedings of the conference held in Kakamega, Kenya, 2-4th April, 2003
A future for the children : evaluation research from Calcutta
The Ugly Laws : disability in public
The other side of silence : sign language and the deaf community in America
Equal opportunities and social policy : issues of gender, race and disability
Rethinking disability : world perspectives in culture and society
Disability, culture and identity
Disabled justice? : access to justice and the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
Caring for the socio-economically deprived and nutritionally vulnerable
Finnish disabled war veteran : summary of Suomalainen sotainvalidi
Disability law and policy : an analysis of the UN convention
Disability politics and community care
Heroines of sport : the politics of difference and identity
Loneliness and its opposite : sex, disability, and the ethics of engagement
Zborník zo Záverečnej medzinárodnej konferencie o procese deinštitucionalizácie v Slovenskej republike : národný projekt : podpora procesu deinštitucionalizácie a transformácie systému sociálnych služieb = Conference proceedings - closing international conference on deinstitutionalization of social services in the Slovak Republic : national project support of deinstitutionalization of social services
Disability in local and global worlds
Dance, human rights, and social justice : dignity in motion
Disability and social participation in Europe
Hearing loss : from stigma to strategy
Disability rights in Europe : from theory to practice
The difference that disability makes
Social role valorization and the English experience
Abstract: Gendered and oppressive discourses of disability : social-discursive perspective on disability.
With vivacity and relentless resolve, The Politics of Deafness embarks upon a postmodern examination of the search for identity in deafness and its relationship to the prevalent hearing culture that has marginalized Deaf people. Author Owen Wrigley's forthright purpose is to crash conventional ideas, to jar them loose from the collective consciousness so that the actual intricacies of deafness and Deaf identity and their tortuous intertwining with monolithic social, economic, and political systems can be seen clearly. He calls attention to the different lingual potential created by the instant visual expression of cyperspace, and he explodes the orthodox conceptualization of language as being serially ordered and dependent upon sound. The Politics of Deafness signals a breakout from the mundane entrenchments of past considerations of Deaf identity into a revolutionary stage of development that will reverberate indefinitely.
Summary.
The act of life is a lived experience, common and unique, that ties each of us to every other lived experience. The fact of disability does not alter this fundamental truth. In this edition of 'Rethinking Disability: World Perspectives in Culture and Society', we are presented with a system of thinking that considers the values of disability, as a resource, as a creative source of culture that moves disability out of the realm of victimized people and insurmountable barriers, and provides opportunities to use the experience of disability to enter into networks that recognize strengths of differing abilities. The authors within will intrigue you, will move you, will charm you, but always will challenge your notion of sameness and difference as they confront the construct and (de)construct of disability and ableism. They present compelling arguments for viewing disABILITY through the multiple lenses of disability culture. They explore themes and issues that transcend past and origins, time and place, nuances of genetics, to experiences of present and becoming, and towards the future and beyond mere human, yet always intrinsically connected to being human. This book is intended for all audiences who dare to confront difference and sameness within themselves and in connection with others; to inspire researchers who wish to explore, and examine disability across social, cultural and economic barriers. It is an invitation to push away the barriers, bring ableism inside to a place where the prosthesis is no longer the elephant in the room.
Social work with disabled people
Arguing about disability : philosophical perspectives
Reducing inequalities : a human rights-based approach in Finland's development cooperation with special focus on gender and disability - a case study on Ethiopia and Kenya
Unequal Britain : equalities in Britain since 1945
"Social Work and Disability offers a contemporary and critical exploration of social work practice with people with physical and sensory impairments, an area that has previously been marginalized within both practice and academic literature. The book explores how social work practice can, and indeed does, contribute to the promotion of disabled people's rights and the securing of positive outcomes in their lives. The book begins by exploring the ways in which disability is understood and how this informs policy and practice. Opening with a thought-provoking account of the lived experience of a disabled person using social work services, it goes on to critically analyse theory, policy and contemporary legislative change. Inequality, oppression and diversity are the focus of the second section of the book, whilst the remainder offers an in-depth exploration of the social work practice issues in disability settings, including work with children, adults and safeguarding.Service-user and carer perspectives, case profiles, reflective activities and suggestions for further reading are included throughout the book. Social Work and Disability will be essential reading for social work students and practitioners. It will also be of interest to service-users and carers, students on health and social care courses, third sector practitioners and advocates."
Critical issues in the lives of people with severe disabilities
"Disability and chronic illness represents a special kind of cultural diversity, the "other" to "normal" able-bodiedness. Most studies of disability consider disability in North American or European contexts; and studies of diversity in Japan consider ethnic and cultural diversity, but not the differences arising from disability. This book therefore breaks new ground, both for scholars of disability studies and for Japanese studies scholars. It charts the history and nature of disability in Japan, discusses policy and law relating to disability, examines caregiving and accessibility, and explores how disability is viewed in Japan. Throughout the book highlights the tension between individual responsibility and state intervention, the issues concerning how care for disability is paid for, and the special problem of how Japan is providing care for its large and increasing population of elderly people. "--
Disability and the life course : global perspectives
A provocative and biting tragicomedy of greed and corruption. Blind, deaf, and disfigured, the 197 citizens of the Village of Liven enjoy a peaceful lifestyle. But when an unseasonal snowstorm wipes out the grain crops, a county official convinces the villagers to set up a travelling freak-show showcasing their disabilities. Yan boldly plunges into the psychic gap between China's decades-old conditioned response to communist doctrine and its redefinition of itself as a capitalist power, creating with bold, carnivalesque strokes a heartbreaking story of greed, corruption, and the dangers of utopia.
Civil disabilities : citizenship, membership, and belonging
"This book examines Japanese cultural beliefs about disability and related socialization practices as they impact the experiences of elementary school-aged children. Physical and mental conditions which impair children's functioning are universal issues impacting child welfare and educational systems around the world. While the American approach is well understood and represented in the literature, cultures differ in which physical and mental conditions are considered 'disabling'. Currently, the Japanese educational system is in transition as public schools implement formal special education services for children with developmental disabilities. 'Developmental disabilities' is a new term used by Japanese educators to categorize a variety of relatively minor social and cognitive conditions caused by neurologically based deficits: learning disabilities such as dyslexia, ADHD, and Asperger's Syndrome. Children who were once considered 'difficult' or 'slow learners' are now considered to be 'disabled' and in need of special services. This transition created an excellent opportunity to explore Japanese beliefs about disability that might otherwise have remained unexamined by participants, and how these evolving beliefs and new socialization and educational practices impact children's experiences"--
Cultural and language diversity and the deaf experience
The family in international and regional human rights instruments
Forbidden Signs : American Culture and the Campaign against Sign Language
"Building Power out of Evidence is a collection of original papers written by international scholars, activists, and institution representatives who are leaders in their field; the collection offers a unique and detailed look at disability rights monitoring issues, law and policy reforms, best practices, holistic methods, and current discussions emerging from the field of disability rights monitoring. This text explores new research and policies from both a local and international perspective and furthers the discipline by discussing legislation, law, social policy and everyday experiences, with the need for the participation of people with disabilities in the process."--
Disabled people in the labour market of the information society : discussion paper
Human rights in the twenty-first century : a global challenge
Oxford handbook of deaf studies, language, and education
Government of Finland human rights report 2014.
Sociologies of disability and illness : contested ideas in disability studies and medical sociology
Mothering occupations : challenge, agency, and participation
Women and disability
Disability, rights monitoring, and social change : building power out of evidence
Disability rights and wrongs
Childhood disability and social integration in the Middle Ages : constructions of impairments in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century canonization processes
Gender and disability : women's experiences in the Middle East
A journey into the deaf-world
Enforcing normalcy : disability, deafness, and the body
Towards enabling geographies : 'disabled' bodies and minds in society and space
Nothing about us without us : disability oppression and empowerment
World report on disability
Feminist perspectives on disability
Disabled people and economic needs in the developing world : a political perspective from Jordan
Being deaf : the experience of deafness
The dark side of childhood in late antiquity and the Middle Ages : unwanted, disabled and lost
