http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27090 music market
music market
Making media work : cultures of management in the entertainment industries
Beyond 2.0 : the future of music
The internationalization of Finnish popular music
There's a reason hit songs offer such guilty pleasure--they're designed that way. Over the last two decades a new type of hit song has emerged, one that is almost inescapably catchy. Pop songs have always had a "hook," but today's songs bristle with them: a hook every seven seconds is the rule. Painstakingly crafted to tweak the brain's delight in melody, rhythm, and repetition, these songs are highly processed products. Like snack-food engineers, modern songwriters have discovered the musical "bliss point." And just like junk food, the bliss point leaves you wanting more. In The Song Machine, longtime New Yorker staff writer John Seabrook tells the story of the massive cultural upheaval that produced these new, super-strength hits. Seabrook takes us into a strange and surprising world, full of unexpected and vivid characters, as he traces the growth of this new approach to hit-making from its obscure origins in early 1990s Sweden to its dominance of today's Billboard charts. Going beyond music to discuss money, business, marketing, and technology, The Song Machine explores what the new hits may be doing to our brains and listening habits, especially as services like Spotify and Apple Music use streaming data to gather music into new genres invented by algorithms based on listener behavior. Revelatory and original, this book will change the way you listen to music.--Adapted from book jacket.
Popular music as promotion : music and branding in the digital age
The music industry, as with most other media forms, is in the middle of a period of enormous transformation. Digital technologies have empowered producers and consumers of music - traditional ways of making and distributing music are under threat as musicians and their audiences embrace new opportunities, many of which bypass the incumbent middlemen. Whilst it is clear that the music industry is thriving, the traditional recording industry, dominated by a handful of multinational corporations is struggling to stay relevant. The changes are so dramatic that the term "Music 2.0" has become commonly used to delineate old and new business models and approaches. But the demise of the traditional music industry is overstating things - the reality is that (whilst their profits may be diminishing) they still dominate a multi-billion dollar marketplace and exercise unprecedented control over the star-making process. And, of course, they have the resources to be able to reinvent themselves. The actual future of music is a complex and contested one. This book aims to unpack that complexity, map the changes and explain the causes and motivations surrounding an industry undergoing change. It explores the world of popular music from three distinct perspectives. Firstly, it examines the new opportunities available to consumers of music - interrogating how the lines between production and consumption are blurring, creating fans who do much more than just listen to music. Secondly, it draws on interviews with a diverse range of musicians explaining their place in the brave new world and trying to articulate their newly defined roles. Finally, it examines the industry itself, and unpack the responses to current challenges from new and old players alike.
Contracts, patronage and mediation : the articulation of global and local in the South African recording industry
Global pop : world music, world markets
The song machine : how to make a hit
The artist's guide to success in the music business : the who, what, when, where, why & how of the steps that musicians & bands have to take to succeed in music
Contracts, Patronage and Mediation studies the long-term developments in the South African recording industry. It adds to the existing literature an understanding of the prevalence of informal negotiations over rights, rewards and power in the recording industry. The book is original in that it uses several disciplines' approaches and methods. It combines a wide array of different industry participants' -often vividly expressed- views and experiences with statistical information and the existing literature's findings. The book argues that alongside the global contract model, in South Africa there exists another mode of organizing recording industry relationships, which is based on the patronage model. Furthermore, the book states that such features are probably not unique to South Africa, but can also be found in recording industries elsewhere, even though they have not previously been thoroughly investigated.
Booking, promoting and marketing your music : a complete guide for bands and solo artists
Russian audio markets : case company Stora Enso: Possibilities of the DiscBox Slider in Russia
1. Introduction 2. Adele-o-nomics 3. The Never Ending Death of Music 4. Does Anyone Know Anything About Anything? 5. The Production and Supply of Music 6. Consumption of Music 7. Age 8. Gender 9. Race and Ethnicity 10. International Trade 11. Conclusion
A study on prices and features of the markets of domestic appliances, radio- and television sets and records (classical repertoire) for the Netherlands
Consumer behavior in digital era : general aspects and findings of empirical studies on digital music with a retrospective discussion
Big sounds from small peoples : the music industry in small countries
Auditioning for the musical theatre
Marketing research on the online hard rock music market
Finnish consumption : an emerging consumer society between East and West
F-Musiikki's marketing on the institutional market
The business of culture : strategic perspectives on entertainment and media
Music in the marketplace : a social economics approach
All you need to know about the music business
Standing room only : strategies for marketing the performing arts
Supporting children's creativity through music, dance, drama and art : creative conversations in the early years
Song Machine : Inside the Hit Factory
Essays on competition in e-markets
Appetite for self-destruction : the spectacular crash of the record industry in the digital age
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
When the music stops... : managers, maestros and the corporate murder of classical music
The music industry : the end of vinyl?
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
Abstract: Russian audio markets : case company Stora Enso: Possibilities of the DiscBox Slider in Russia.
Singers in the marketplace : the economics of the singing profession
The global music industry : three perspectives
The complete idiots guide to the art of songwriting
The music industry handbook
Popular music industries and the state : policy notes
Music, Business and Law : essays on contemporary trends in the music industry
Understanding the music business
The playing Finn : stories on successful game development and music export
Special issue : global theories of the arts and aesthetics
The music industry
The long tail : Why the future of business  is selling less or more
The song machine : inside the hit factory
Competition in e-markets : price levels and price dispersion in the on-line music market
