http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2704 deposits (reservoirs)
deposits (reservoirs)
Minerals for atomic energy : a guide to exploration for uranium, thorium and beryllium
IOCG and Porphyry-Cu deposits in Northern Finland and Sweden : excursion guide, 27-28 August 2011 : 25th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2011, 22-26 August 2011 Rovaniemi, Finland
Occupancy estimation and modeling : inferring patterns and dynamics of species
Impacts of the non-native crayfish (Pacifastacus leniusculus) on littoral benthic invertebrate communities in Lake Päijänne
Svecofennian ore-forming environments : volcanic-associated Zn-Cu-Au-Ag, intrusion-associated Cu-Au, sediment-hosted Pb-Zn, and magnetite-apatite deposits of northern Sweden
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Metallogenic map of Finland
Guide to the post-symposium field trip, August 4-11, 1989 : PGE Research Project 1987 - 1989. Part 1 - 2, The Tornio - Näränkävaara intrusion belt. - Kuhmo - Koli - Enonkoski sites
Introduction to ore-forming processes
Petrology, geochemistry and mineralogy of ultramafic rocks and associated Ni-Cu deposits in the Vammala Ni-belt, southwestern Finland
Geological setting and characteristics of the tonalitehosted Paleoproterozoic gold deposit at Osikonmäki, Rantasalmi, southeastern Finland
Gold : recovery, properties, and applications
Mineral deposits of Finland
Gold in the Central Lapland Greenstone Belt
Earth resources and the environment
The old record of Chamorchis alpina from Rybachiy Peninsula, Murmansk Region has been confirmed and another old locality reported from Pechenga on the basis of two herbarium specimens collected by Jacob Fellman (H). The specimen from Pechenga was wrongly published as Herminium monorchis in Fellman's Index plantarum 1831. Chamorchis alpina has not been found in the Murmansk Region since more than 180 years, and it is proposed to be treated as regionally extinct (RE) in the Red Data Books dealing with the Region....
Increased number of observations and notes of offspring production in the invasive orb-web spider Argiope bruennichi (Scopoli, 1772) (Araneae; Araneidae) in Finland
Magnesite and talc in Slovakia : genetic and geoenvironmental models = Magnezit a talk na Slovensku : genetický a geoenvironmentálny model
Aliens in your ship
Pricing water resources and water and sanitation services
Insect sampling in forest ecosystems
Fifteen years ago the cave spider Meta menardi (Latreille, 1804) was known in Finland in two locations only. Partly due to extensive search it is to date known from 20 sites, all however located in the south-westernmost parts of the country. M. menardi is known to prefer stable and relatively warm subterranean habitats. Our temperature data from a cave on the Åland Islands in Finland indicates that the populations of M. menardi on the northern limit of its distribution could be more cold tolerant than the previously studied populations in Central Europe. In this paper all known locations in Finland are mapped and presented in a table with habitat data. A note on the strategy for catching mosquitoes with the orb web is given and the possible importance of the prey-catching function of the orb web is briefly discussed..
Orogenic 'mesothermal' lode-gold deposits of Australia : notes to accompany hand specimen and thin section displays
Geochemical characteristics of mesothermal gold deposits in the Fennoscandian Shield, and a comparison with selected Canadian and Australian deposits
Metal deposits in relation to plate tectonics
Use of wallrock alternation and primary geochemical dispersion in lode-gold exploration : workshop, Sunday, 10 August 1997 10 am - 4 pm at the University of Turku
Rapakivi granites and related rocks in central Sweden : 7th International Symposium on Rapakivi Granites, July 24-26 1996, University of Helsinki, Finland : excursion July 16-23 1996
Exploration target selection by integration of geodata using statistical and image processing techniques : an example from Central Finland. Part 1, (Text)
Gold and copper deposits in Central Lapland, Northern Finland, with special reference to their exploration and exploitation
Gemstones of the world
Quantitative mineral resource assessment of platinum, palladium, gold, nickel, and copper in undiscovered PGE deposits in mafic-ultramafic layered intrusions in Finland
Geochemistry, mineralogy and genesis of gold deposits
Preface: The following short description of the Lappish gold veins is made after a sojourn of three months in Lapland. Anyone not personally acquainted with the geology of these parts needs advice and help in many cases. All the members of the Geological Survey of Finland have kindly provided me with ample information, for which I beg to be allowed to express my sincerest thanks. Most of all am I obliged to Dr. J. J. Sederholm for many valuable hints as to the local geology, and to Mr. V. Tanner, whose knowledge of the country and its inhabitants was a great help to me during the first fortnight of my sojourn in Lapland. Curt Fircks. Helsingfors, autumn 1906.
Opiliones new to Finland and an updated checklist
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
History of the theory of ore deposits : with a chapter on the rise of petrology
Economic deposits and their tectonic setting
The winning of nickel : its geology, mining, and extractive metallurgy
Economic geology : one hundredth anniversary volume : 1905-2005
Hierarchical modeling and inference in ecology : the analysis of data from populations, metapopulations and communities
The Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus L., was found in Gottby in the municipality of Jomala, the Åland Islands, SW Finland, in June 2009. It was both flowering and fruiting, although rather sparingly. This boreal species has not been observed in the Åland Islands since 1950. The total distribution of the species is outlined. An account is given of the previous six observations of R. arcticus in Åland. The dispersal of the seeds (endocarps with seeds) of R. arcticus is treated..
Exploration for dimension stone : geological aspects
The tin deposits of Western Australia with special reference to the associated granites
Modelling of combustion and sorbent reactions in three-dimensional flow environment of a circulating fluidized bed furnace
The illustrated encyclopedia of minerals and rocks
Micaria lenzi and Clubiona juvenis (Araneae: Gnaphosidae, Clubionidae), two spider species new to the dune fauna of Finland
A new record of Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus, in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Epithermal gold deposits. Part 2.
Active and ongoing gold exploration and mining in Northern Finland : excursion guide, 18-20 August 2011 : 25th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2011, 22-26 August 2011 Rovaniemi, Finland
The copper-gold vein deposit of Kivimaa at Tervola, N-Finland
Orogenic 'mesothermal' lode-gold deposits of Fennoscandia : notes to accompany hand specimen displays
Suomen malmiesiintymäkartta = Malmförekomstkarta över Finland = Metallic mineral deposits map of Finland
The Synap area in Krumovgrad district, SE-Bulgaria : a possible gold mineralization
Anthyllis vulneraria complex in Finland
The northern amphi-atlantic seashore sedge Carex mackenziei V. I. Krecz. was found by us in four localities in 2008-2011, two in Kökar and one in Brändö in the eastern archipelago and one in Sund on the mainland of Åland. The hybrid C. canescens L. × mackenziei (C. × pseudohelvola Kihlm.), which occurs regularly together with C. mackenziei, was found in Sund in 2010 and 2011. The generaldistribution of the two taxa is outlined. The previous finds of C. mackenziei and the hybrid in the Åland Islands during the 19th and 20th centuries are referred to. The future of Carex mackenziei and its hybrid in the Åland Islands is discussed..
Geochemistry of hydrothermal ore deposits
Sourdough gold, the log of a Yukon adventure
During the last ten years, the two rare spider species Micaria lenzi Bösenberg, 1899 (Gnaphosidae) and Clubiona juvenis Simon, 1878 (Clubionidae) have been found on coastal sand dunes and inland dunes near the coast in Finland. The findings are the northernmost ones in Europe, extending the known range of M. lenzi from southernmost Sweden northwards by almost 1000 kilometers.
Bat habitat requirements : implications for land use planning
Linking spatial and evolutionary dynamics in a plant-pathogen metapopulation
On the geology of the copper ore field in the Virtasalmi area, Eastern Finland
Seismic stratigraphy and tectonics of the Loppa High, western Barents Sea
Geochemistry and Ore Deposit Models Seminar : October 17-18, 2012, University of Oulu, Finland : program & abstracts
The early Proterozoic Zn-Pb-Cu massive sulfide deposit at Attu, SW Finland
Ore deposits as related to structural features : prepared under the direction of the Committee on Processes of Ore Deposition of the Division of Geology and Geography of the National Research Council, Washington, DC
Orogenic lode-gold deposits : notes to accompany samples form deposits located on the Fennoscandian Shield
Geology, geochemistry and 3D model of the Kokka nickel mineralization, Eastern Finland
Exploration for orogenic gold deposits - with emphasis on geochemical exploration in glaciated Precambrian terrain : workshop, 21 August 2011 : 25th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2011, 22-26 August 2011 Rovaniemi, Finland
On the occurrence of gold in Finnish Lapland
On the granitic pegmatites of the Eräjärvi area in Orivesi, southern Finland
FINGOLD - a public database on gold deposits in Finland
The cave spider Meta menardi (Araneae, Tetragnathidae) - occurrence in Finland and notes on its biology
Rapid decline of mass occurrences of Juncus bulbosus in a deacidified freshwater reservoir
Mineral deposits and earth evolution
Structural controls on ore genesis
U-Pb zircon dating endeavors on the host rocks of the Juomasuo gold deposit, Kuusamo supracrustal belt, eastern Finland
Mineralogy and geology of radioactive raw materials
Orogenic lode-gold deposits : wallrock alteration and primary geochemical dispersion with special emphasis on exploration
Epithermal gold deposits. Part 1.
Geological setting and characteristics of the tonalite and shear zone hosted Paleoproterozoic gold deposit at Osikonmäki, Rantasalmi, southeastern Finland
Precambrian industrial minerals of Karelia (Russia)
Distribution and metallogenic types of nickel deposits in Finland
Gemmologists' compendium
Chamorchis alpina and Epipactis helleborine in the Murmansk Region, Russia, and assessments of the orchids in the Region using the IUCN Red List Categories
Carex mackenziei and C. canescens × mackenziei in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Minerals of the world
Geology of the tanzanite gemstone deposits in the Lelatema area, NE Tanzania
Metallogenic zones and metallic mineral deposits in Finland : explanation to the metallogenic map of Finland
Applied geophysics : introduction to geophysical prospecting
Sulfide-poor platinum-group element deposits : a mineralogical approach with case studies and examples from the literature
Geological development, gold mineralization and exploration methods in the late Archean Hattu schist belt, Ilomantsi, eastern Finland
A failed Eldorado : colonial capialism, rural industrialization, African land rights in Kenya, and the Kakamega gold rush, 1930-1952
Metallogenetic map : northern Fennoscandia
Gold in Southern Finland : results of GTK studies 1998-2011
The geology of ore deposits
Alteration and alteration processes associated with ore-forming systems
Finnish Opiliones have been studied as a part of the research programme of deficiently known and threatened forest species (PUTTE) since 2012. During the project, several species new to Finland have been found and some errors in former checklists Heinäjoki 1944, Stol 2007) discovered. Prior to the project, 12 Opiliones species were reported from Finland, the number now being 15. Here we present additions and changes with the updated checklist (Table 1.)..
Geological setting and characteristics of the tonalite-hosted Paleoproterozoic gold deposit at Osikonmäki, Rantasalmi, southeastern Finland
Ore deposits and mantle plumes
Tectonics, metallogeny, and discovery : the North American cordillera and similar accretionary settings
MARTOB : European research project for on-board treatment of ballast water and application of low sulphur fuels
A Palaeoproterozoic high-sulphidation epithermal gold deposit at Orivesi, southern Finland
An introduction to ore geology
Exploration target selection by integration of geodata using statistical and image processing techniques: an example from central finland
Prior to 2005, the orb-web spider Argiope bruennichi (Scopoli, 1772) was unknown in the Finnish spider fauna. In 2005-2010, four specimens in three localities were found by laymen. In 2011, 13 specimens were observed in various parts of southern Finland. The sample sites are separated by long distances suggesting that A .bruennichi specimens are spread by anemochory, i.e. by ballooning. All the individuals were females. Two cocoons (egg sacks) constructed by one of the two females reared in captivity and one cocoon constructed outdoors by another female yielded live offspring....
Transport of alien marine organisms in ballast water tanks : an ecological roulette?
Modern civilization's dependence upon an increasing volume and diversity of minerals makes the search for new ore deposits ever more difficult. Now available from Waveland Press, Guilbert & Park's text presents ideas, principles, and data fundamental for beginning economic geologists to understand the genesis and localization of ore deposits and of the minerals associated with them. The authors comprehensively describe the physical and chemical characteristics of ore deposits, and correlate them with environments and conditions of deposition since ore deposits are best interpreted as extensions of the environments responsible for their enclosing rocks. Examples and illustrations emphasize structural, chemical, and temporal controls and encourage the three-dimensional thinking used by productive explorationists as they face unsolved problems. This upper-level undergraduate text is fully illustrated and meticulously indexed. Its reliable, authoritative coverage assumes an upper-level command of chemistry and physics, as well as mineralogy, petrology, and structural geology. Outstanding features include: 1) develops and combines the abilities of the explorationist and of the researcher of ore-forming processes; 2) structures the geologic descriptions into groupings recognized by researches and explorers alike; 3) builds confidence, revitalizes curiosity, and encourages expanded thinking; 4) emphasizes that the days of "easy" discovery of outcropping ores are not over; and 5) includes revised, expanded, and updated descriptions of districts.
