http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27037 economic education
economic education
Waste prevention at source until 2010, JESSE : final report of the project
Economic education for consumers
Improving financial education efficiency : OECD-Bank of Italy Symposium on Financial Literacy
Challenging transitions in learning and work
Handbook of the economics of education. Volume 4
Economics of education review
Horticulture in human life, culture, and environment : Intenational Symposium 22 August 1994 : 24th International Horticultural Congress Kyoto International Conference Hall 21-27 August 1994, Kyoto, Japan
The control of education
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 2
The Physiocrats believed that wealth came exclusively from the land, that nature was fecund and man could harness its reproductive forces. Capital investments in agriculture and hard work would create profits that circulated to other sectors and supported all social institutions. Physiocracy, which originated in late eighteenth-century France, is therefore widely considered a forerunner of modern economic theory. The Physiocrats and the World of the Enlightenment places the Physiocrats in context by inscribing economic theory within broader Enlightenment culture. Liana Vardi discusses three theorists - Francois Quesnay; Victor Riquetti, marquis de Mirabeau; and Pierre Samuel Du Pont de Nemours - and shows how their understanding of mental processes, science, politics, and the arts influenced their individual approach to economic writing. The difficulty in explaining the doctrine, combined with the expectation that the public would be persuaded by its arguments, mired physiocracy in endless contradictions. This work offers a framework for understanding physiocratic theory and its complicated relation to modern economics.
Nutrition in the nineties : policy issues
Studying education : an introduction to the key disciplines in education studies
Education in the making of modern Finland
Incentives for fuelwood growing by tobacco farmers in Tanzania
Collaborate or compete? : educational partnerships in a market economy
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Amartya Sen's capability approach and social justice in education
Themes in family and consumer sciences : a book of readings 2001.. Volume 2
The learning society and the water-environment : proceedings of the International Symposium, Paris, 2-4 June 1999 = La société cognitive et les problèmes de l'eau
The new psychology of money
Education policy : globalization, citizenship and democracy
The learning challenge of the knowledge economy
China's economic, environmental and social development in crossfire : province-specific analysis of China's ecological modernization and sustainability
Education and national development : a comparative perspective
Productivity in Finnish forestry in 1964-1989
Integrating tree breeding and forestry : proceedings of the Nordic Group for Management of Genetic Resources of Trees, meeting at Merkjärvi, Finland March 23-27, 2001
Consumer education & economics
"Education finance has emerged as one of the most pressing public policy issues of the new century. Americans spend more than $500 billion a year on elementary and secondary education, yet neither policy makers nor practitioners seem to know how to align these resources with student learning goals. In fact, spending increases have outstripped achievement gains." "This ambitious volume poses four critical questions:" "What 'obstacles prevent today's education finance systems and resource allocation strategies from supporting student success?" "What design principles can help link resources to student learning?" "What funding mechanisms are consistent with these principles?" "What conditions are necessary to support effective resource policies and practices?" "Drawing on the work of the School Finance Redesign Project at the University of Washington's Center on Reinventing Public Education, Smart Money brings together research on education finance policy and the uses of school and district resources, providing a uniquely comprehensive analysis of school finance systems. It also sets forth an agenda for developing and supporting successful strategies for school finance and resource use at the federal, state, district, and school levels." ""Adams and his coauthors do not shy away from the difficulties involved in reforming school finance. They acknowledge the challenges that must be addressed m creating political conditions to support new finance systems and call for an aggressive research and development agenda to guide the process of change with good evidence about what works to improve student learning."-Janet Hansen, vice president and director of education studies, Committee for Economic Development" ""Smart Money is an unprecedented book that tackles head-on the need to redesign and reorient school funding systems toward student learning and more strategic resource use. These thoughtful and informative analyses are especially timely as educators, policy makers, and the public strive to raise academic standards for all students in difficult economic conditions."-Margaret Goertz, professor of education, University of Pennsylvania" ""Written by the leading scholars and policy analysts in the field, this volume is laden with smart ideas for making our educational financing system a catalyst for experimentation, innovation, and improved student performance."-Martin Orland, director of evaluation and policy research, WestEd" ""This analysis by some of the wisest people in the school finance world, with Jacob Adams's masterful introduction, should be required reading for the architects of the next reform wave."-Robert F. Sexton, executive director, Prichard Committee for Academic Excellence"--BOOK JACKET.
Social learning towards a sustainable world : principles, perspectives, and praxis
The physiocrats and the world of the Enlightenment
Growing trees for profit
Globalizing education : policies, pedagogies, & politics
Sense and sustainability : educating for low carbon world
"New approaches to the study of everyday life" : research abstracts
Rethinking politics for the knowledge society : epistemology and philosophy of sciences & ethics, social and political philosophy
Late to class : social class and schooling in the new economy
Globalizations and education : collected essays on class, race, gender, and the state
Business ethics : new challenges for business schools and corporate leaders
Dairying : using science to meet consumers' needs
Open Journal of Forestry (OJF) covers topics in forestry, including forest protection, pest control, ecology, plant breeding, plant nutrition, urban forestry, etc.
Participatory approach to natural resource management : A guide book
Communicating family and consumer sciences : a guidebook for professionals
The educational thought of the classical political economists
The complexity of food-related activities in a household context : study of Finnish homemakers' food choices and nutrition knowledge
Education, environment and economy
Education for economic survival : from fordism to post-fordism?
Environment and man in Nepal
How to succeed in school without really learning : the credentilas race in American education
Open Journal of Forestry
Impacts of different thinning regimes in the yield of uneven-structured Scots pine stands on drained peatland
Parentonomics : an economist dad looks at parenting
Evaluation of the profitability of fast-growing tropical trees
Nursery technology for agroforestry : applications in arid and semiarid regions
The future in us : education for global responsibility.
The economic value of education : studies in the economics of education
Human perspectives on sustainable future
Adult and continuing education : major themes in education. Vol. 5, Adult education - viewed from the disciplines
Fertility and the economic activity of women in historical and cross-national perspective
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Economics of education
Summary.
The opposite of spoiled : raising kids who are grounded, generous, and smart about money
Diversity and change : education, policy and selection
The undercover economist
Education and the rise of the global economy
Cost - effectiveness : a primer
Natural management of woods : continuous cover forestry
The new political economy of urban education : neoliberal urbanism, race and the right to the city
Handbook of research in education finance and policy
International encyclopedia of economics of education
Increasing the Amount of Younger Customers
Globalization and education : critical perspectives
Creating home economics futures : the next 100 years
Schooling in modern European society : a report of the Academia Europaea
Globalisation and Europeanisation in education
Agroforestry in Europe ; current status and future prospects
Markets in higher education
This book provides an authoritative, 'state of the art' introduction to the key disciplines of education studies. It provides useful study activities and concise introductory notes on key texts, key figures, key centres and key journals in each discipline. A valuable and highly readable addition to the education studies literature.
Rethinking politics for the knowledge society : anthropology and cultural studies, psychology and educational sciences & economic theories and practices
The family economy : nature and management of resources
Working and educating for life : feminist and international perspectives on adult education
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 1
Unfair advantage : the power of financial education : what schools will never teach you about money
Education in a single Europe
Smart money : using educational resources to accomplish ambitious learning goals
Profitability comparisons in timber growing: underlying models and empirical applications
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Datanews : the termly newsletter of the Design and Technology Association
Critical education against global capitalism : Karl Marx and revolutionary critical education
New paradigms and recurring paradoxes in education for citizenship : an international comparison
Montessori, Dewey, and capitalism : educational theory for a free market in education
Anti-corruption training programmes in central and eastern Europe : contributions to a joint project of the Network of Institutes and Schools of Public Administration in Central and Eastern Europe (NISPAcee) and the Council of Europe
Byways or highways - where is home economics education going?
The knowledge business: horticulture, education and knowledge transfer : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
