http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27026 writers' homes
writers' homes
Writing home : poetry and place in Northern Ireland, 1968-2008
The innocence of objects : the Museum of Innocence, Instanbul
Writers' houses : a literary journey in England
Be frank with me
The fiction of Gloria Naylor : houses and spaces of resistance
From the award-winning author of 'Half of a Yellow Sun,' a powerful story of love, race and identity. As teenagers in Lagos, Ifemelu and Obinze fall in love. Their Nigeria is under military dictatorship, and people are fleeing the country if they can. The self-assured Ifemelu departs for America. There she suffers defeats and triumphs, finds and loses relationships, all the while feeling the weight of something she never thought of back home: race. Obinze had hoped to join her, but post-9/11 America will not let him in, and he plunges into a dangerous, undocumented life in London. Thirteen years later, Obinze is a wealthy man in a newly democratic Nigeria, while Ifemelu has achieved success as a blogger. But after so long apart and so many changes, will they find the courage to meet again, face to face? Fearless, gripping, spanning three continents and numerous lives, 'Americanah' is a richly told story of love and expectation set in today's globalized world.
Nordic artists' homes
The miniaturist
Louisa May Alcott : from blood & thunder to hearth & home
The Oxford literary guide to the British Isles
The thirteenth tale
In the land of women
Mr. Woodcock
The future of nostalgia
At home with John Keats
Reclusive literary legend M. M. 'Mimi' Banning has been holed up in her Bel Air mansion for years. But after falling prey to a Bernie Madoff-style ponzi scheme, she's flat broke. Now Mimi must write a new book for the first time in decades, and to ensure the timely delivery of her manuscript, her New York publisher sends an assistant to monitor her progress. The prickly Mimi reluctantly complies, with a few stipulations: No Ivy-Leaguers or English majors. Must drive, cook, tidy. Computer whiz. Good with kids. Quiet, discreet, sane. When Alice Whitley arrives at the Banning mansion, she's put to work right away-as a full-time companion to Frank, the writer's eccentric nine-year-old, a boy with the wit of Noel Coward, the wardrobe of a 1930s movie star, and very little in common with his fellow fourth-graders.
The Leo Tolstoy House-Museum in Yasnay Polyana
The Guernsey literary and potato peel pie society
Imaginary homelands of writers in exile : Salman Rushdie, Bharati Mukherjee, and V. S. Naipaul
A love song for Bobby Long
The grammar of identity : transnational fiction and the nature of the boundary
Desire and domestic fiction : a political history of the novel
Americanah
Belonging : a culture of place
Runeberg's home at Porvoo
Domestic novelists in the Old South : defenders of southern culture
At home with Jane Austen
Runeberg's home at Borgå : a guide-book
William Wordsworth and the invention of tourism, 1820-1900
London, January 1946, emerging from the shadow of the Second World War, writer Juliet Ashton is looking for her next book subject. She finds it in a letter from a man she's never met, a native of the island of Guernsey, who has come across her name written inside a book by Charles Lamb. As Juliet and her new correspondent exchange letters, Juliet is drawn into the world of this man and his friends. The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was born as a spur-of-the-moment alibi when its members were discovered breaking curfew by the Germans occupying their island.
One good turn
Problematic hybrid identity in the diasporic writings of Jhumpa Lahiri
The atlas of literature
Domestic modernism, the interwar novel, and E.H. Young
At home with Charles Dickens
The Oxford literary guide to Australia
In a dry season : an inspector Banks mystery
Domestic biographies : Stowe, Howells, James, and Wharton at home
Gilbert & Gubar's The madwoman in the attic after thirty years
Remapping the home front : locating citizenship in British women's Great War fiction
Ahola : a profile of the life and works of author Juhani Aho and artist Venny Soldan-Brofeldt
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Runeberg's home at Borgå : guide-book
At home with Victor Hugo
In Hemingway's garden = Hemingwayn puutarhassa
Järven lumo : Tuusulanjärven taiteilijayhteisö : [Ateneumin taidemuseo, Helsinki] = Den förtrollande sjön : konstnärssamhället vid Tusby träsk : [Konstmuseet Ateneum, Helsingrfors] = On the shores of the lake : Tuusula Artist Community : [Ateneum Art Muse
Scotland : a literary guide for travellers
The Oxford guide to literary Britain & Ireland
