http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27006 research data
research data
Finnish oral history network : [Reviews]
A community pharmacy IT paradox : community pharmacists' self-perception of innovativeness not matched by actual innovations
Fundamentals of sectional anatomy : an imaging approach
National oral history - Time of change project
Visual research : a concise introduction to thinking visually
Expertise through projects
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
"Surveillance data collected in vital registration and TB notification systems provide essential information about the TB epidemic and programmatic efforts to control the disease at both national and local levels. Analysis of these data can help programme managers and other staff to track the level of and trends in TB disease burden, detect outbreaks of disease and identify ways to improve existing TB prevention, diagnostic and treatment services. This book provides practical guidance on the analysis and use of such surveillance data, and is suitable for a wide range of people engaged in TB control. It was produced as a major collaborative effort as part of the work of the WHO's Global Task Force on TB Impact Measurement."--Back cover.
The naked scientist : everyday life under the microscope
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Functional near-infrared spectroscopy of the neonatal brain : instrumentation, methods and experiments
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Managing and sharing research data : a guide to good practice
Information management in ICT projects
Information technology development needs in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
Traumatized borders : reviving subversive narratives of b/order, and other : projektiesittely
Risk management in information system development
Leadership in research : transformational leadership and commitment to concepts in knowledge creation
The drowning world : the visual culture of climate change
Finnish Science Barometer
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
Learnability makes things click : a grounded theory approach to the software product evaluation
Oral history and life stories as a research area in Estonian history, folkloristics and ethnology
Reinventing discovery : the new era of networked science
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Rhetoric and representation : exploring the cultural meaning of the natural sciences in contemporary popular science writing and literature
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
Mediated discourses of transnational participation : a study of some discursive aspects of transnational networking
Market Analysis on Virtual Reality Games in Finland : Case Vivendi
Users' guides to the medical literature. Essentials of evidence-based clinical practice
Co-development of work and information systems : an analysis of the construction of the Activity­Driven ISD methodology in 2001-2013
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
The craft of inquiry : theories, methods, evidences
A case study. Evaluation of utilization of ITIL Service Design Framework service definitions in hosting contract
The paradigms of e-Education : an analysis of the communication structures in the research on information and communication technology integration in education in the years 2000-2001
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
The nature of the workplace for knowledge creation
In Britain, during the 1930s, biology and modern sculpture underwent a period of extraordinary transformation and intellectual exchange. Old certainties about the nature of organic matter were swept away by the revolutionary forces of the"'New Biology" at the same time as Modernist sculpture broke free from the shackles of a moribund classical and figurative tradition. In this lucid and thought-provoking book, Edward Juler provides the first detailed critical history of British Modernist sculpture's interaction with modern biology. Discussing the significant influence of biologists and scientific philosophers such as D'Arcy Wentworth Thompson, Julian Huxley, J.S. Haldane and Alfred North Whitehead on interwar Modernist practice, Juler's study provides radical new interpretations of the work of key British Modernist artists and critics, including Henry Moore, Barbara Hepworth, Paul Nash and Herbert Read.
English abstract.
Is that a fact? : frauds, quacks, and the real science of everyday life
The role of information and communication technologies (ICTs) within an educational bilingual programme in Finland : a case study under CLIL approach perception
Caring for digital data in archaeology : a guide to good practice
How talking computers will recreate an oral culture by mid-21st century
CSC news : High performance computing and networking in Finland
Communication capability
Development of ICT change management processes for Fläkt Woods Group
The information society and the use of sustainable development indicators
Environmental governance : the challenge of legitimacy and effectiveness
The teacher as interface : teachers of EFL in ICT-rich environments : beliefs, practices, appropriation
Within and beyond oral history in Russia
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
Employer Branding for SMEs: Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
What actually happened in Estonian political history : stories of the 20th century events from the viewpoint of popular narrated history
Software end-users' motivation structure : market leading photo management and editing software
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Knowledge and social work - the case of Finland
Grown but not made : British modernist sculpture and the new biology
Miracles : God, science, and psychology in the paranormal. Volume 1, Religious and spiritual events
"The number of publications dealing with video game studies has exploded over the course of the last decade, but the field has not yet produced a comprehensive reference work. The Routledge Companion to Video Game Studies, by well-known video game scholars Mark Wolf and Bernard Perron, aims to address the on-going theoretical and methodological development of game studies, providing students, scholars, and game designers with a definitive look at contemporary video game studies. Features include: -comprehensive and interdisciplinary models and approaches for analyzing video games; -new perspectives on video games both as art form and cultural phenomenon; -explorations of technical and creative dimensions of video games; -accounts of the economical, political, social, and cultural dynamics of video games"--
Summary of the Finnish Science Barometer
Technology acceptance of digital historical record database systems among historians
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
Health and lifestyle : Icelanders' everyday life information behaviour
Science-policy interface - societal impacts of arctic research : abstract book : the 10th Annual Seminar of the Arktis Arctic Doctoral Programme and the Final Seminar of the project "Knowledge in environmental planning and decision-making" (2010-2012) : 15-16th March 2012 Rovaniemi, Finland
Abstract (s. 7).
The Impact of Information Communication Technology on Small and Medium Scale Enterprises Productivity In Nigeria
Visual Research: A Concise Introduction to Thinking Visually is the first text to present a concise overview of the significant ethical, theoretical, and practical considerations for conducting research with images. The capacity to take photos and video on handheld devices and the ability to store, post, and share such imagery online all offer tremendous opportunities for social research. The rapid development and popularity of such technology means that little technological proficiency is required, and even less theoretical and ethical consideration. This book provides an accessible introduction to doing visual research in the social sciences. Beginning with ethical considerations, this book highlights the importance of thinking visually before engaging in visual research. Further themes involve creating, organizing, and using images and are presented so as to help readers think about and work with their own visual data. Boxed case studies and further reading suggestions enhance the utility of this primer.
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
In Is that a fact? Dr. Joe Schwarcz helps you separate fact from fiction amid the storm of misinformation that today's media throws at us. Dr. Joe questions the reliability and the motives of "experts" in this engaging and critical look at what's fact and what's plain nonsense when it comes to deciding what to eat, what chemicals to avoid, and what's best for the environment.
The upright thinkers : the human journey from living in trees to understanding the cosmos
The exposition of artistic research : publishing art in academia
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
Assemblages and swing-arounds : nomadic writings on the becoming of a research (and the gender agreement of craft).
Research opportunities of life stories : everyday history
Lost in the knowledge society? : a knowledge society strategy for Southwest Finland
Evidence-based medicine in Sherlock Holmes' footsteps
Finnish oral history network
Geographical information systems and science
Bioinformatic approaches for integration of genomic information
Modern analog filter analysis and design : a practical approach
Mapping the user experience : development of a validated instrument from the plans and scripts of the computer community of practice
Information system adoption within Vietnamese small and medium enterprises
MIRtoolbox : version 1.6.1
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
Rethinking library technical services : redefining our profession for the future
Understanding and using tuberculosis data
How to display data
Market analysis on Swedish software markets for infoBoard Europe GmBH
Climate change, air pollution and global challenges : understanding and perspectives from forest research
Experiments for knowledge and health : Robert Boyle (1627-1691) and the uses of medical experiment
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Adoption possibilities and use of RFID in Nigeria health sector
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
Computed tomography and ultrasound methods for simultaneous evaluation of articular cartilage and subchondral bone
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
The Routledge companion to video game studies
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Information architecture for information professionals
Qualitative research for the information professional : a practical handbook
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
"The streamlined companion to the classic Users' guides to the medical literature--fully updated and revised. This compact guide condenses the most clinically relevant content of the landmark Users' Guides to the Medical Literature to help you incorporate evidence-based medicine into your practice. You will learn the principles of evidence-based medicine, how your practice can benefit from the constant stream of new medical literature, and how to differentiate good medical evidence from bad. This edition includes several new chapters and a new emphasis on the role of patient preferences and preappraised resources.--Provided by publisher.
Matching community needs with university R&D : Dutch science shops
Understanding nursing research : building an evidence-based practice
The lively science : remodeling human social research
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Systematic approaches to a successful literature review
Business value creation and stakeholder expectation management as tools for better business relationships : Case Study: TeliaSonera AB, Enterprise Systems
Understanding and analyzing SQL/CLI database usage of Java software: empirical study
Process development: Implementation of SAP ERP Enhancements in an Accounting Team
Teaching and learning the European Union : traditional and innovative methods
Research funders in the UK, USA and across Europe are implementing data management and sharing policies to maximize openness of data, transparency and accountability of the research they support. The book features guidance on: how to plan your research using a data management checklist, how to format and organize data, how to store and transfer data, research ethics and privacy in data sharing and intellectual property rights, data strategies for collaborative research, how to publish and cite data, how to make use of other people’s research data, illustrated with six real-life case studies of data use.
Better Life with Energy and Intelligence Technology : The Third Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Cold regions: pivot points, focal points : proceedings of the 24rd Polar Libraries Colloquy June 11-14, 2012, Boulder, Colorado, United States
The importance of the free flow of information and knowledge
Information flows in customer-oriented service development process
Computer science research in Finland 2000-2006 : international evaluation
Sustainability indicators for the knowledge-based society : measuring the sustainability of the information society
Resource productivity in the information age
