http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27081 performance art
performance art
Performance uses the alphabet as an organizational device to present a series of short pieces that approach performance from multiple perspectives and various compositional strategies. Pelias's essays, poetry, dialogue, personal narratives, quick speculations, and other literary genres explore the key themes in this field, encapsulating the essence of performance studies for the novice and providing food for thought for the expert. Its brief, evocative, and reflexive pieces introduce performative writing as a method of research for those in performance and many other fields
This textbook introduces the reader to modernist avant-garde theatre. It clearly explains the key terms as well as the major movements, including Expressionism, Dadaism, Futurism, Workers' theatres, Constructivism and the Living Newspaper, and Mass Performance, using a case study approach. It introduces the important traditions and conventions of the modernist avant-garde, reassesses theatrical techniques, and provides examples of plays and performances from across Europe and America. There are also chapters on The Modernist Body and on Interdisciplinary Performance. The book approaches the modernist avant-garde both as an area of academic study and as potential raw material for contemporary performance. -- Key Features: The first introductory guide to the modernist theatrical avant-garde -Includes case studies, practical exercises at the end of each chapter, an annotated bibliography and a glossary of performance terms - Includes links to performance-based explorations of theatrical techniques - Provides a springboard for further independent study, both theoretical and practical.
Live forever : collecting live art
The Builders Association : performance and media in contemporary theater
Staging the screen : the use of film and video in theatre
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
Collaboration in performance practice : premises, workings and failures
‘Betwixt, between, or beyond?’ is the first study of contemporary black performance poetry from the viewpoint of transnational American Studies. It investigates a vast array of performances ranging from online recordings to political rallies to the poetry slam and Broadway stage. Black poets discussed come from diverse personal and cultural backgrounds and include, e.g., Patricia Smith, Staceyann Chin, Taalam Acey, Bryonn Bain, and Tshaka Campbell. Developing an approach rooted in anthropological, ethnographic, and theatrical perceptions of performance, the study explores poetry as a liminal site of negotiation, scrutinizes its relationship to national and cultural formations, and addresses issues such as the black experience; memory; identity; and the construction of (imagined) communities. Fusing concepts of African American Studies and Performance Studies with critical questions triggered by the transnational paradigm, the study insists on the participation of black performance poetry in (trans)national processes and highlights its cultural implications and socio-political performativity.
Now that the shock of the virtual has subsided toward a 'new-normal' of computational interference in all areas of life, it is an advantageous moment to reflect on the passage through the virtual and back to the real. Digital culture has developed into a bio-virtual environment in which the categories of the biological and the virtual no longer stand as separate. The contributors to this volume respond to the questions raised by the 'after-event' of the digital through practice-led research analyses of performance processes, philosophical readings of the work of art and technology, and performance studies investigations of the subject in the spaces of technology. The volume examines a wide range of activities, from bio-art to internet child pornography, gaming and social networking technologies to the use of motion-tracking in developing choreography and documentation. The authors draw from diverse perspectives in dance, theatre, performance, film and music studies, digital arts and culture.
Trauma-tragedy : symptoms of contemporary performance
Performing mixed reality
Episodi (“Episode”) is a series published by the Theatre Academy of the University of the Arts. This fourth Episodi This and That – Essays on Live Art and Performance Studies features a text on performance art by professor Ray Langenbach and consists of writings by students of the MA Degree programme in Live Art and Performance Studies, Jenni Kokkomäki, Ellen Jeffrey, Kaisa Illukka, as well as by participants in the fourth international festival and conference on Live Art and Performance Studies, Lapsody, in June 2013, Moritz Gansen and Elisabeth Schilling, Megan Armishaw, Iona Jucan and James Andean. Moreover, the collection contains a text on somatic materialism by professor Susan Kozel, an essay by doctoral student Rania Khalil, and a paper on gesture by the editor, Annette Arlander.
Performing proximity : curious intimacies
This extensively illustrated book with exceptional photos by Nada Zgank provides texts from acclaimed writers written especially for this project. Live Art theorist Adrian Heathfield explores Jansa's procedures of re-enactment and reconstruction, the director and writer Tim Etchells addresses the act of transition, the philosopher Mladen Dolar reflects on the glorification of childhood through Kafka and Oedipus, the art historian Amelia Jones gives a detailed comparison between the performance Imponderabilia by Marina Abramovic and Ulay and Life II [in Progress], whilst the performing arts theorist Aldo Milohnic investigates art that creates with the law.
Acts and apparitions examines how new performance practices from the 1990s to the present day have been driven by questions of the real and the ensuing political implications of the concept's rapidly disintegrating authority. This book departs significantly from existing scholarship on contemporary performance in its rejection of the dramatic/postdramatic binary and its interrogation of previous applications of Derridean poststructuralism to theatrical representation and notions of the real. It offers new perspectives on the political analysis of contemporary theatre and performance across a wide range of models from Forced Entertainment and the Wooster Group, to Roland Schimmelpfennig and Howard Barker; from verbatim theatre to audio tours and the interactive performances of Ontroerend Goed.
Following the performance of the artistic component of this thesis - four short works performed 18th May 2013 at the Theatre Academy, Helsinki - this written document aims to act as both a documentation of the process and exploration that led up to the final performance of the works as well as attempting to reflect upon and evaluate that process. In doing so, I hope to be able to consider the works relevance to the expansive fields of Live Art and performance studies whilst also continuing to question how this work has shaped my development as a performing artist.  Both the artistic and written components of the thesis have the shared title of The Body of Ariel: Metaphor vs. Metonym, inspired by the poetry anthology Ariel by American poet Sylvia Plath (1963). Both in the studio and on the page, my research has led me towards engaging with Plath's work in varied and intriguing ways, working alongside various friends and dance artists to explore the possibilities inherent within the relationship between poetry and Live Art. Questioning terms such as 'body', 'becoming' and 'in-between', the aim of working between the two art forms was not to create a live, visual version of Plath's work but rather to consider concepts and foundations that might be shared between the two art forms, and to consider the possibilities of merging these elements. These explorations led the work beyond its primary concerns and towards questions of relation, the 'other', and repetition, within both Plath's poetry and the live form of my practice.  Whilst I have attempted to document the progression of my work in chronological order, I recognise that an artistic process as such rarely follows such a lateral structure (i.e. the exploration became more of a web than a step by step process) with elements feeding into others and folding back on themselves in such a way that has made the attempt to document the work in a comprehensible manner somewhat challenging. Therefore, I have chosen to include within this work various sources in an attempt to clarify and support the work. In particular, I have chosen to include large extracts from my sketchbook, which provides the most insight into the process within its present time (and by insight, I mean not just for the reader but also for myself as an artist in reflecting back on the progress of the work). In addition, I have included still images taken from films documenting various stages of the rehearsal process, which I would use to record and reflect upon the work as it progressed, and I have included photographs from the performances taken by Antti Ahonen and Sanna Kasma to provide the reader with a visual reference to the works.  So far, this written document has served to clarify the numerous ideas and explorations of the past year that were a part of this project and have enabled me to see how the work may continue beyond itself: either seeping into other works and projects or simply as a continuation on what has passed.
The language of American popular entertainment : a glossary of argot, slang, and terminology
Performance on behalf of the environment
Inclusive Arts Practice and Research interrogates an exciting and newly emergent field: the creative collaborations between learning-disabled and non-learning-disabled artists which are increasingly taking place in performance and the visual arts. In Inclusive Arts Practice Alice Fox and Hannah Macpherson interview artists, curators and key practitioners in the UK and US. The authors introduce and articulate this new practice, and situate it in relation to associated approaches. Fox and Macpherson candidly describe the tensions and difficulties involved too, and explore how the work sits within contemporary art and critical theory. The book inhabits the philosophy of Inclusive Arts practice: with Jo Offer, Alice Fox and Kelvin Burke making up the design team behind the striking look of the book. The book also includes essays and illustrated statements, and has over 100 full-colour images. Inclusive Arts Practice represents a landmark publication in an emerging field of creative practice across all the arts. It presents a radical call for collaboration on equal terms and will be an invaluable resource for anyone studying, researching or already working within this dynamic new territory.
Working at the cutting edge of live performance, an emerging generation of artists is employing digital technologies to create distinctive forms of interactive, distributed, and often deeply subjective theatrical performance. The work of these artists is not only fundamentally transforming the experience of theater, it is also reshaping the nature of human interaction with computers. In this book, Steve Benford and Gabriella Giannachi offer a new theoretical framework for understanding these experiences--which they term mixed reality performances--and document a series of landmark performances and installations that mix the real and the virtual, live performance and interactivity. Benford and Giannachi draw on a number of works that have been developed at the University of Nottingham's Mixed Reality Laboratory, describing collaborations with artists (most notably the group Blast Theory) that have gradually evolved a distinctive interdisciplinary approach to combining practice with research. They offer detailed and extended accounts of these works from different perspectives, including interviews with the artists and Mixed Reality Laboratory researchers. The authors develop an overarching theory to guide the study and design of mixed reality performances based on the approach of interleaved trajectories through hybrid structures of space, time, interfaces, and roles. Combinations of canonical, participant, and historic trajectories show how such performances establish complex configurations of real and virtual, local and global, factual and fictional, and personal and social.
This publication examines cultural, philosophical and political issues tied to specific instances of collaborative practice in the performing arts. Scholars and artistic practitioners review historical developments of collaborative practice and reveal what it means to work together in creative contexts at the beginning of the twenty-first century.
Forest Fringe : the first ten years
Remote performances in nature and architecture
Performance and temporalisation : time happens
From a South African Passion Play to Turkish Sufi tourism, from contemporary street preaching in America to public Hindu rites in India, from cloistered prayer in 17th century France to the queer politics of 'the closet' today, Performing Religion in Public brings together an international array of voices that grapple with the important role of religious performance in our secular public lives. Because traditional notions of the public sphere have emphasized rational discourse in a secular setting, religion has often been excluded. But religious life is not impersonal argument; rather, it is passionately performed, crossing boundaries between public and private, the personal and the political, and claiming a significant role in modern democracies, from everyday cultural interactions to political advocacy. By focusing on the performative nature of both religion and publics, this timely volume offers a fresh and fruitful re-conception of the relationship between religion and the public sphere.
Performance Studies in Motion' offers multiple perspectives on the current field of performance studies and suggests its future directions. Featuring new essays by pioneers Richard Schechner and Barbara Kirshenblatt-Gimblett, and by international scholars and practitioners, it shows how performance can offer a new way of seeing the world, and testifies to the dynamism of this discipline. Beginning with an overview of the development of performance studies, the essays offer new insights into: contemporary experimental and postdramatic theatre; participatory performance and museum exhibitions; the performance of politicians, political institutions and grassroots protest movements; theatricality at war and in contemporary religious rituals, and performative practices in therapy, education and life sciences. Employing original reflexive approaches to concrete case studies and situations, contributors introduce a variety of applications of performance studies methodologies to contemporary culture, art and society, creating new interdisciplinary links between the arts, humanities, and social and natural sciences. With studies from and about places as diverse as Austria, Belgium, China, France, Germany, Israel, Korea, Palestine, the Philippines, Poland, Rwanda and the USA, 'Performance Studies in Motion' showcases the vitality and breadth of the field today.
Turn, turtle! : reenacting the institute
In many ways, this book resembles a field survey by authors who are also active in their area of research; dealing with political, contextual and gender-related issues, it proposes an epistemology of performance art through an investigation of the means and methods of access to knowledge and understanding of this art form, its history and (living) memory, its current practice. This work represents a follow-up to the international symposium entitled "Performance Art: Life of the Archive and Topicality," organized by the Villa Arson and AICA France with the support of the Getty Research Institute; it investigates the definitions and status of performance art now that it has taken its rightful place within the extended field of the visual arts, leading to the current boom in performance re-enactments. The analyses proposed by the various specialist contributors - art critics, art historians, exhibition curators, philosophers and artists—are diverse and complementary but centered on an issue fundamental to performance art: the archive and the status of documents, photographs and objects that constitute or testify to performances.
Recent shifts in the theatrical landscape have had corresponding implications for dramaturgy. The way we think about theatre and performance today has changed our approaches to theatre making and composition. Emerging new aesthetics and new areas of dramaturgical work such as live art, devised and physical theatre, experimental performance, and dance demand new approaches and sensibilities. New Dramaturgy: International Perspectives on Theory and Practice is the first book to explore new dramaturgy in depth, and considers how our thinking about dramaturgy and the role of the dramaturg has been transformed.
Augmenting theatre : engaging with the content of performances and installations on intermedial stages
Andy Field, Deborah Pearson and Ira Brand began Forest Fringe as a totally independent, not-for-profit space in the midst of the Edinburgh Festival. Since then they have built a community of artists and playwrights, and are consistently rated as being a festival highlight. This collection collates the best of their work from the past decade and celebrates a remarkable body of work.
Graphical representation of sound trademarks - past, present and future
Aluminium structures in the entertainment industry
This text consists of two parts, with an introduction and an epilogue. In the first part I discuss the notion of landscape briefly. In the second part I describe an example of a practice of performing landscape and discuss some of its aspects that might be useful for understanding or developing related practices. Finally, as an epilogue, I take up the question of how to speak of the environment.
Performance practices : in early 20th century piano music
In his doctoral research Tero Nauha develops models for thinking and practice where artistic research and practice become critical tools against the presumed immanence of capitalism. The research consists of three artistic works which create a critical inquiry on the biopolitical management of subjectivity. It produces a critical argument counter to the philosophical assertions of schizoanalysis being one of the first inquiries in artistic research where the post-structural theory of Gilles Deleuze and Félix Guattari is set in the context of immaterial labour and political theory of the post-industrial capitalism.
Outlandia is an off-grid artists' fieldstation, a treehouse imagined by artists London Fieldworks (Bruce Gilchrist & Jo Joelson) and designed by Malcolm Fraser Architects, situated in Glen Nevis, opposite Ben Nevis. It is performative architecture that immerses its occupants in a particular environment, provoking creative interaction between artists and the land. This book explores the relationship between place and forms of thought and creative activity, relating Outlandia and the artists there to the tradition of generative thinking and making structures that have included Goethe's Gartenhaus in Weimar, Henry Thoreau's cabin at Walden Pond and Dylan Thomas's writing shack in Laugharne. Based on a series of residencies and radio broadcasts produced by London Fieldworks in collaboration with Resonance 104.4fm, the Remote Performances project enabled twenty invited artists to consider and engage in transmissions, sound performances and dialogues on their artmaking strategies immersed in this specific rural environment of mountain, forest and river; flora and fauna. Some artists engaged in dialogue with people living and working in the area with a range of specialisms and experience in, for examples, forestry, mountain culture, wildlife, tourism, and local history. This book explores the ways in which being in the field impacts on artists and permeates through to the artworks they create. It considers the relationship between geography and contemporary art and artists' use of maps and fieldwork. It charts these artists' explorations of the ecological and cultural value of the natural environment, questioning our perceptions and relationships to landscape, climate and their changes. The book is an inspiring collection of ways to think differently about our relationship with the changing natural environment.
Performance art : life of the archive and topicality
Performance practices in classical piano music : featuring selections from the Anthology of classical piano music
Performance practices : in baroque keyboard music
The Builders Association, an award-winning intermedia performance company founded in 1994, develops its work in extended collaborations with artists and designers, working through performance, video, architecture, sound, and text to integrate live performance with other media. Its work is not only cross-media but cross-genre - fiction and nonfiction, unorthodox retellings of classic tales and multimedia stagings of contemporary events. This book offers a generously illustrated history and critical appraisal of The Builders Association, written by Shannon Jackson, a leading theater scholar, and Marianne Weems, the founder and artistic director of the company. It also includes critical meditations from such artists and scholars as Elizabeth Diller, Pico Iyer, Saskia Sassen, Kate Valk, and many others. Technological wizardry in the theater has a long history, going back to the deus ex machina of ancient Greek drama. The Builders Association makes its technological dependence visible, putting backstage technologies center stage and presenting architectural assemblies of screens and bodies. Jackson and Weems explore a series of major productions - from MASTER BUILDER (Ibsen by way of Gordon Matta-Clark) to SUPERVISION (an exploration of dataveillance) to HOUSE/DIVIDED (the foreclosure crisis juxtaposed with the Joads of Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath). Each work is described through a series of steps, including "R&D," "Operating Systems," "Storyboard," and "Rehearsal/Assembly." The Builders Association not only traces the evolution of an intermedial aesthetic practice but also tells a story about how a group makes the risky decision to make art in the first place.
Grotowski, women, and contemporary performance : meetings with remarkable women
Mapping the Body, Embodying the Map: A corporeal taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia is a project realized along and across the buffer zone within the Venetian walls of Nicosia, the  capital city of Cyprus.  The focus of this project is the area that divides the city into two parts and it has been mentioned as buffer zone,  green line, borderline, dividing line, dead zone and many more. This restricted area has activated not only  physical barriers for people but also caused emotional and mental restrain.  The motivation is my wish to reveal the significance of this area and uncover the impact it creates on the body:  physical, mental and emotional. Also my intention is to deform and reconstruct the psychophysical perceptions of  the dividing line through artistic means.  The approach and method of working consists of artistic research, and a practical and theoretical framework. I  have used live performance as my creative technique to realize a series of site-specific performance interventions  along and across the Nicosia buffer zone in order to generate knowledge about that area, examined in my research.  In addition, the written part of this project includes a description and analysis of my artistic work at the border,  supported with theories focusing mainly on José Esteban Muñoz's work, “Disidentifications” (1999) and Sarah  Pink's “Doing Sensory Ethnography” (2009).  This thesis project questions: How the conventional idea of the border and its solidified historicity can be  transformed to a new perception through performing, while bringing a psychophysical transformation to this  experience? To come to an answer, the body is used as a tool to create live actions and the Nicosia border is used  as a site to be experienced through non covnentional ways. Finally, the outcome is an experiential mapping, which  is shaped while the body is used to measure, archive, experience and re-experience, and therefore memorize the  border anew.
Performance analysis : an introductory coursebook
"This volume of essays combines research from neuroscience, consciousness studies, performer training systems, modes of creating a staged narrative, Asian aesthetics, and post-modern theories of performance in an examination of the relationship between consciousness and performance. Written by actors, directors, dancers, historians and theorists, the essays participate in the paradigm shift in the humanities and the arts from the textual to the performative. It is precisely that experience that is at the centre of the shift in the scientific study of consciousness. This collection of essays brings together a representation of this paradigm shift and the increasing body of research emerging at the intersections of consciousness and performance from theories of performance training to explorations on the role of performance in the construction of cultural aesthetics and community consciousness"--
Performance practice : music before 1600
First nights : five musical premieres
Playing with history : the historical approach to musical performance
Corpus Jan Fabre : observations of a creative process
Animal acts : performing species today
Manual of everlasting life : in 12 chapters
The renewed interest in artistic practices as well as in institutional collaborations with artists seems to be driven by a positive vibe, by an interest in changing the governing structures from within rather than critically denouncing their power structures from the outside. The move towards 'reclaiming the institute' is less an act of de-masking than an attempt to re-politicise the institutional field, an attempt to make the institute matter again as a centre for intensification to address common concerns. This new spirit of the institute manifests itself at a time when Europe is suffering from multiple institutional crises. Confidence in the political and economic structures is at an all time low, and the public funding of social, educational, scientific and cultural institutions is under pressure due to state cuts and privatisations. Some institutional entities wield power without the necessary authority; others possess a residual form of authority, but not enough power to be able to set things in motion. Turn, Turtle! Reenacting the Institute is comprised of six essays, three interviews, and six case studies of performance makers, institution directors, and thinkers. They propose diverse strategies of implication and engagement, opening up possible futures and alternative exchanges between parties that are often too often still seen as adversaries.
Singularities : dance in the age of performance
What does 'performance theory' really mean and why has it become so important across such a large number of disciplines, from art history to religious studies and architecture to geography? In this introduction Simon Shepherd explains the origins of performance theory, defines the terms and practices within the field and provides new insights into performance's wide range of definitions and uses. Offering an overview of the key figures, their theories and their impact, Shepherd provides a fresh approach to figures including Erving Goffman and Richard Schechner and ideas such as radical art practice, performance studies, radical scenarism and performativity. Essential reading for students, scholars and enthusiasts, this engaging account travels from universities into the streets and back again to examine performance in the context of political activists and teachers, countercultural experiments and feminist challenges, and ceremonies and demonstrations.
Within the arts there is a growing ethical consciousness, both in the way it relates to the larger social, political and economic challenges and in the way it reflects on its own production and distribution mechanisms. This book attempts to describe how artistic imagination can produce new situations, based on the potentials and limits of the individual 'body' within its environment. The first section, Ecosophy, focuses on eco-art practices and how the ethical turn in the arts implies a greater receptivity for the environment we live in. The second section, Caring for the Body, focuses more on dance and the renewed interest in 'the body', both on the level of the individual and on that of the larger 'body politic' of cooperation and collaboration. The book focuses on the European contemporary dance scene, but it embeds this in the larger context and history of eco-art practices, while also providing some striking examples of best practices from the USA and Canada.
Music in the Air : A history of classical music in television
A practical guide to health and safety in the entertainment industry
Theatre, exhibition, and curation : displayed & performed
Performance in the twenty-first century : theatres of engagement
History, Memory, Performance is an interdisciplinary collection of essays exploring performances of the past in a wide range of trans-national and historical contexts ranging from seventeenth century New France and nineteenth-century Russia to modern Australia, Brazil, Britain, Canada, Lebanon, Russia, and the United States. Contributions from theatre scholars and public historians address issues of shared interest to the disciplines of theatre studies and theatre history, performance studies, history, and public history, coalescing around the concept of memory, both collective and individual. Wide-ranging and theoretically engaged, History, Memory, Performance is especially timely given the historical turn in theatre studies and the performative turn in historical studies.
This and that : essays on live art and performance studies
Drawing for jewelers : master class in professional design
The ethics of art : ecological turns in the performing arts
The death of the actor : Shakespeare on page and stage
The art of Maya : an introduction to 3D computer graphics
Unraveling the canon : Edvard Fazer and the imperial Russian ballet in Berlin 1908 - 1910
This scientific work concentrates on the question: How do relations between elements have to be set up so that a poetic encounter in public urban space can emerge? This thesis is based on two practical research projects Kallio my Kallio at the Theatre Academy Helsinki (held between 15th March and 15th May 2011) and The City of Dream and Futureii at Space MASS in Seoul (held between 1st September and 27th November 2011).    Two answer the research question I examined also the following questions in this text: how does the recipient encounter performance art in public urban space and vice versa?   How do people encounter poetic moments?   When does such a moment start, when does it end? What is a poetic moment? Does one have to be prepared for such a moment in order to be able to see it?  My first approach in this thesis is that of perception.   For me perception as a ground and starting basis of all cognition finds its true supreme discipline in artistic research.   My second approach is intervention as it is discussed under the term action in chapter two. I have defined this free space that is to be designed as a space of poetic encounter in chapter three.   For this, I use a social-poetical performance practice as a design tool, which I would like to introduce here as a contribution to the discussion on the way to a possible open city.    This thesis investigates visual prerequisites, eephemeral phenomena that enable a poetic encounter in public space to emerge and to be reflected in the mode of playing.  I have tried to figure out that through serious play an energetic space will be constituted in the streets of a district and that bymeans of this energetic space, the passers-by will get one more possibility to read the action.   Based on my personal belief that each human being is insular and cannot get out of that insularity, but that there are strog moments when somewhere finds an intersection with someone else,   when an idea of something enters the space, poetic encounter is possible in any situation and for anyone. You do not have to be prepared for such a moment, to encounter.
Performance in the Twenty-First Century: Theatres of Engagement addresses the reshaping of theatre and performance after postmodernism. Andy Lavender argues provocatively that after the "classic" postmodern tropes of detachment, irony, and contingency, performance in the twenty-first century engages more overtly with meaning, politics and society. It involves a newly pronounced form of personal experience, often implicating the body and/or one's sense of self. This volume examines a range of performance events, including work by both emergent and internationally significant companies and artists such as Rimini Protokoll, Blast Theory, dreamthinkspeak, Zecora Ura, Punchdrunk, Ontroerend Goed, Kris Verdonck, Dries Verhoeven, Rabih Mroue, Derren Brown and David Blaine. It also considers a wider range of cultural phenomena such as online social networking, sports events, installations, games-based work and theme parks, where principles of performance are in play. Performance in the Twenty-First Century is a compelling and provocative resource for anybody interested in discovering how performance theory can be applied to cutting-edge culture, and indeed the world around them.
The new Finnish theatre
newARTtheatre : evolutions of the performance aesthetic
Professional wrestling as a performing art : a performance studies perspective on the mimetic spectacle of WrestleMania and professional wrestling as popular theatre
Never? Now? Performance art! : sharing actions and ideas in Bergen at the Never Or Now Festival 2011
The Cambridge introduction to performance theory
It's all allowed : the performances of Adrian Howells
The routledge dance studies reader
The other in the space of an-other
Mapping the body, embodying the map : a corporeal  taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia
Reading contemporary performance : theatricality across genres
Since its first publication in 2002, The Performance Studies Reader has become the leading anthology of key writings on performance studies. Now in its third edition, itcontinues to offer an unparalleled selection of work by the foremost in this continually evolving field. These critical and theoretical contributions are joined in this edition by 16 new chapters, bringing the collection up to date with current discourse and ideas, and cross referencing exactly with Richard Schechner's Performance Studies: An Introduction. The two volumes combine perfectly to offer a unique and complete teaching resource. The Reader is also widely used by students and scholars around the world as a stand-alone text, offering a stimulating introduction to the crucial debates of Performance Studies. Each essay now includes new contextual headnotes from the editors, to introduce students to the writer and their impact on the field. Newly added to this edition are contributions from: Augusto Boal, Jill Dolan, Faye C. Fei and William H. Sun, Erika Fischer Lichte, E. Patrick Johnson, Petra Kuppers, Hans-Thies Lehmann, Bruce McConachie, Jacques Ranciere, Joseph Roach, Rebecca Schneider, Ngugi wa Thiongo. The Reader provides an overview of the full range of performance theory for undergraduates at all levels, and beginning graduate students in performance studies, theatre, performing arts and cultural studies.
Theatre, sacrifice, ritual : exploring forms of political theatre
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
Performed imaginaries
Otherwise : imagining queer feminist art histories
The early music revival : a history
Acts and apparitions : discourses on the real in performance practice and theory, 1990-2010
Casting directors' secrets : inside tips for successful auditions
Performance and Temporalisation features a collection of scholars and artists writing about the coming forth of time as human experience. Whether drawing, designing, watching performance, being baptised, playing cricket, dancing, eating, walking or looking at caves, each explores the making of time through their art, scholarship and everyday lives.
Applying performance : live art, socially engaged theatre and affective practice
The twentieth-century performance reader
"Public Art (Now): Out of Time, Out of Place presents the artists who have been redefining the practice of public art over the past decade. They directly address the most pressing issues of our time, including the encroachment of corporate concerns on public space, the implications of global migration and the isolation of the individual, and the potential of collective action to share the future of our towns and cities. Some forty key works from around the world are organized into five sections - 'Displacement', 'Intervention', 'Disorientation', 'Occupation' and 'Perpetuation' - with detailed descriptions and dozens of installation and process shots. Interviews and quotes from practitioners, commissioners and commentators reveal the impetus and context for the projects, while the editor's introduction sets out the conceptual, practical and ethical issues raised by the works." -- Publisher's website.
In this fascinating volume, acclaimed theatre historian Erika Fischer-Lichte reflects on the role and meaning accorded to the theme of sacrifice in Western cultures as mirrored in particular fusions of theatre and ritual. Theatre, Sacrifice, Ritual presents a radical re-definition of ritual theatre through analysis of performances as diverse as: Max Reinhardt's new people's theatre, the mass spectacles of post-revolutionary Russia, American Zionist pageants, the Olympic Games. In offering both a performative and a semiotic analysis of such performances, Fischer-Lichte expertly demonstrates how theatre and ritual are fused in order to tackle the problem of community-building in societies characterised by loss of solidarity and disintegration, and exposes the provocative connection between the utopian visions of community they suggest, and the notion of sacrifice. This innovative study of twentieth-century performative culture boldly examines the complexities of political theatre, propaganda and manipulation of the masses, and offers a revolutionary approach to the study of theatre and performance history.
This collection in part examines the legacy of the consummate Nigerian stage artist and scholar, Esiaba Irobi (1960–2010). Poems, tributes, and studies celebrate Irobi’s significance as actor, playwright, director, poet, and theatre theorist. Irobi’s life, temper, times, and career are inextricably linked to the history, development, concerns, and uses of drama and theatre in Africa. The contributions highlight the evolution of autochthonous theatrical practices: the interaction between Western and indigenous African performance traditions; colonial/postcolonial government policies and the mutations of drama and theatre (and critical commentary); the tensions inherent in postcolonial conceptions of history, identity, nationhood, and articulations of alternative aesthetics, pedagogies, and epistemologies for postcolonial African theatre; staging African plays in the West; and the constituencies of the contemporary African playwright and director. The strength of these studies derives primarily from nuanced examinations of the concerns and careers of particular African playwrights; the history, offerings, and fortunes of particular theatrical arenas, and close explorations of specific performances and texts. The foregrounding of correspondences in the dramaturgies and intellectual ferment of the continent critically accentuates equally privileged regional, historical, and other crucial specificities. Situated in time and place while underscoring the political and intellectual intersections of a shared history of colonialism, the contributions to 'Syncretic arenas', individually and collectively, reveal the transformations and growing strengths of postcolonialism as an analytical strategy.
Performing religion in public
Becoming juniper : performing landscape as artistic research
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
The spectator and the spectacle : audiences in modernity and postmodernity
"Oops!" in public space : lapse as tool for social and political organization
Theatre is a uniquely powerful site for the kind of thinking called for by the crises of climate change. The growing scientific and public consensus about the many looming crises following from climate change is matched by an increasing interest, on the part of artists and scholars, to identify creative strategies and practices capable of mounting adequate and appropriate responses to those crises. Encompassing academic research, theatre work-shopping, playwriting, dramaturgy, and theoretical writing, this book offers a practical, theoretical, and critical engagement with the urgent issue of making art in the age of climate change.
Verbal art as performance
Re.act.feminism No. 2 : a performing archive
The stage lives of animals : zooësis and performance
Performing site-specific theatre : politics, place, practice
Research theatre, climate change, and the Ecocide Project : a casebook
The performance studies reader
A performer's guide to music of the classical period
On performing lights
Trauma-tragedy investigates the extent to which performance can represent the 'unrepresentable' of trauma. Throughout, there is a focus on how such representations might be achieved and if they could help us to understand trauma on personal and social levels. In a world increasingly preoccupied with and exposed to traumas, this volume considers what performance offers as a means of commentary that other cultural products do not. The book's clear and coherent navigation of complex relations between performance and trauma and its analysis of key practitioners and performances (from Sarah Kane to Socìetas Raffaello Sanzio, Harold Pinter to Forced Entertainment, and Phillip Pullman to Franco B) make it accessible and useful to students of performance and trauma studies, yet rigorous and incisive for scholars and specialists. Duggan explores ideas around the phenomenological and socio-political efficacy and impact of performance in relation to trauma. Ultimately, the book advances a new performance theory or mode, 'trauma-tragedy', that suggests much contemporary performance can generate the sensation of being present in trauma through its structural embodiment in performance, or 'presence-in-trauma effects'.
The musical dialogue : thoughts on Monteverdi, Bach and Mozart
The notation is not the music : reflections on early music practice and performance
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
Towards a poor theatre
The impact of performance as research : proceedings of Carpa3 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Performance art in Ireland : a history
Case of emergency : emergent writings on live art and performance
Modernist and avant-garde performance : an introduction
Jewelry illustration
Performance studies in motion : international perspectives and practices in the twenty-first century
The journal of musicology : JM
The book now in your hands is itself a kind of collection, a gathering of the voices of some catalysts of contemporary performance: artists, cultural engineers, curators, collectors, set alongside critical meditations on the aesthetic, legal and museological ramifications of collecting live art. What emerges is a dynamic conversation - happily discordant in places - on the ethos of the act of collecting, and its social, political and philosophical consequences.
New dramaturgy : international perspectives on theory and practice
Schizoproduction : artistic research and performance in the context of immanent capitalism
Intimacy across visceral and digital performance
Performing Orthodox ritual in Byzantium
Queer dramaturgies : international perspectives on where performance leads queer
Critical live art : contemporary histories of performance in the UK
Marina Abramović : the artist is present
Heresy & provocation
Mode drawing : costume [female]
When attitude becomes form : (politics of indifference)
Out of time, out of place : public art (now)
Performance practices in early 20th century piano music
Contemporary art and anthropology
This international collection of essays forms a vibrant picture of the scope and diversity of contemporary queer performance. Ranging across cabaret, performance art, the performativity of film, drag and script-based theatre it unravels the dynamic relationship performance has with queerness as it is presented in local and transnational contexts.
Performance practice : music after 1600
Syncretic arenas : essays on postcolonial African drama and theatre for Esiaba Irobi
As the nature of contemporary performance continues to expand into new forms, genres and media, it requires an increasingly diverse vocabulary. Reading Contemporary Performance provides students, critics and creators with a rich understanding of the key terms and ideas that are central to any discussion of this evolving theatricality. Specially commissioned entries from a wealth of contributors map out the many and varied ways of discussing performance in all of its forms - from theatrical and site-specific performances to live and New Media art. The book is divided into two sections: Concepts - Key terms and ideas arranged according to the five characteristic elements of performance art: time; space; action; performer; audience. Methodologies and Turning Points - The seminal theories and ways of reading performance, such as postmodernism, epic theatre, feminisms, happenings and animal studies. Case Studies – entries in both sections are accompanied by short studies of specific performances and events, demonstrating creative examples of the ideas and issues in question. Three different introductory essays provide multiple entry points into the discussion of contemporary performance, and cross-references for each entry also allow the plotting of one's own pathway. Reading Contemporary Performance is an invaluable guide, providing not just a solid set of familiarities, but an exploration and contextualisation of this broad and vital field.
Art in the making : artists and their materials from the studio to crowdsourcing
The body of Ariel : metaphor vs. metonym
The Stage Lives of Animals examines what it might mean to make theatre beyond the human. In this stunning collection of essays, Una Chaudhuri engages with the alternative modes of thinking, feeling, and making art offered by animals and animality, bringing insights from theatre practice and theory to animal studies as well as exploring what animal studies can bring to the study of theatre and performance. As our planet lives through what scientists call "the sixth extinction," and we become ever more aware of our relationships to other species, Chaudhuritakes a highly original look at the "animal imagination" of well-known plays, performances and creative projects, including works by: Caryl Churchill, Rachel Rosenthal, Marina Zurkow, Edward Albee, Tennesee Williams, Eugene Ionesco. Covering over a decade of explorations, a wide range of writers, and many urgent topics, this volume demonstrates that an interspecies imagination deeply structures modern western drama.
With its impressive variety of theater, Finland is a superpower of performing arts. Finnish theater, however, is presently a hotbed of cultural debate regarding the artistic quality of its performances. This comprehensive overview of contemporary theater explores many of the most contentious questions concerning applied theater, its devised methods, and the corresponding challenges presented to traditional definitions of theater and related arts. Through interviews with new writers and directors, and first-hand accounts of recent performances, this study attempts to define what it means today to say "Finnish theater." It also addresses issues concerning Finland's emergence as a cultural player within the European Union and implications for its evolving national identity.
Protest enACTed : activist performance in the contemporary United States
Rigging for entertainment : regulations and practice
Inclusive arts practice and research : a critical manifesto
The non-human and the inhuman in performing arts : bodies, organisms and objects in conflict : proceedings of Carpa4 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Entertainment Island. 6, Book
In this collection of essays, performance studies scholar and artist Richard Schechner brings his unique perspective to bear upon some of the key themes of society in the 21st century. Schechner connects the avantgarde and terror, the counter-cultural movement of the 1960s/70s and the Occupy movement; self-wounding art, popular culture, and ritual; the Ramlila cycle play of India and the way imagination structures reality; the corporate world and conservative artists. Schechner asks artists to redeploy Nehru's Third World as a movement not of nations but of like-minded culture workers who must propose counter-performances to war, violence, and the globalized corporate empire. With characteristic brio, Schechner urges us to play for keeps. "Playing deeply is a way of finding and embodying new knowledge", he writes. Performed Imaginaries ranges through some of the key moves within Schechner's oeuvre, and challenges today's experimental artists, activists, and scholars to generate a new, third world of performance.
n this groundbreaking, interdisciplinary study, Andrew Walker White explores the origins of Byzantine ritual - the rites of the early Greek Orthodox Church - and its unique relationship with traditional theatre. Tracing the secularization of pagan theatre, the rise of rhetoric as an alternative to acting, as well as the transmission of ancient methods of musical composition into the Byzantine era, White demonstrates how Christian ritual was in effect a post-theatrical performing art, created by intellectuals who were fully aware of traditional theatre but who endeavoured to avoid it. The book explores how Orthodox rites avoid the aesthetic appreciation associated with secular art, and conducts an in-depth study (and reconstruction) of the late Byzantine Service of the Furnace. Often treated as a liturgical drama, White translates and delineates the features of five extant versions, to show how and why it generated widely diverse audience reactions in both medieval times and our own.
Adrian Howells (1962-2014) was one of the world s leading figures in the field of one-to-one performance practice the act of staging an event for one audience participant at a time. Developed over more than a decade, Howells's award-winning work demonstrated not only his enduring commitment to this genre of performance, but also his determination to find new challenges and innovations in performance art, intimate theatre, and socially engaged art. "Its all allowed," edited by Deirdre Heddon and Dominic Johnson, is the first book devoted to Howells's remarkable achievements and legacy. Contributors here testify to the methodological, thematic, and historiographical challenges posed by Howells performances. Citing his permissive mantra as its title, "It's all allowed" includes new writing from leading scholars and artists, as well as writing by Howells himself, an extensive interview, scores, and visual materials, which together reveal new insight into Howells's groundbreaking process.
Dance production : design and technology
Liveness : performance in a mediatized culture
Embodied consciousness : performance technologies
How does proximity between audiences and performers change the nature of live performance? How does it feel? How long can it last? How close is too close? Exploring the rise of close encounter, immersive productions that shine a light on performer-audience relationships, this book considers the impact of space and proximity in live performance. Drawing on their experience as internationally acclaimed performance artists, Leslie Hill and Helen Paris richly document their creative processes, performances and audience's responses in a series of illuminating case studies. Relating their practice to wider issues in contemporary performance and detailing workshop exercises that aid performance making, this unique fusion of artistic and academic reflection is crucial reading for students, scholars and practitioners alike.
Theatre in the expanded field : seven approaches to performance
Re-framing the theatrical : interdisciplinary landscapes for performance
Wagner and the art of the theatre
This book draws upon cognitive and affect theory to examine applications of contemporary performance practices in educational, social and community contexts. The writing is situated in the spaces between making and performance, exploring the processes of creating work defined variously as collaborative, participatory and socially engaged.
"Otherwise: Imagining queer feminist art histories" is the first publication to address queer feminist politics, methods and theories in relation to the visual arts, including new media, installation and performance art. Despite the crucial contribution of considerations of 'queer' to feminism in other disciplines of the humanities, and the strong impact of feminist art history on queer visual theory, a visible and influential queer feminist art history has remained elusive. This book fills the gap by offering a range of essays by key North American and European scholars, both emerging and renowned, who address the historiographic and political questions arising from the relationship between art history and queer theory in order to help map exclusions and to offer models of a new queer feminist art historical or curatorial approach.
Life II : [in progress]
Oops! Sorry, later just Oops! was a group practice of micro-events and animation for 4 persons that took place in 2009 in the public spaces of Helsinki. It was also staged as a performance production and presented at the Theatre Academy in November 2010. The entire process was circling around a situation of lapsus (a lapse, slip, faux pas). We used lapsus to experiment with cooperation, which is not based on sympathy or consensus. I chose lapsus for its sensual-emotional complexity and immediacy, to be an occasion for alternatives in self-organizing and collective co-emergence. I chose to do research, not through affirmation of any exact alternative or potentiality of alternative, but by inhabiting a state of disruption. I asked people who share my affection for moments of lapse or ones to whom those moments happen frequently to join the project. We were working through combining mechanical and organic processes of dialogue, exchange and production. Methods and tools used in this practice were: lapse, parody, mockery, inconsistency, reanimation and personal resistance.  The main reason to initiate this research was to try out a process that would embrace a condition of fuzzy, fractalized and flexible precarious work structure in cognitive production with its possible collapses. As an event producer in an age of commodification of time, experience and event I decided to play with this structure and to invite a lapsus as a moment of disruption; to see how do we get out from there. Does a collapse produce stiffening or a reinvention of the norm? I see in a lapse an everyday practice of letting go of self-control. Letting go of the constant creation of my face, body and personality as something to be looked at. Letting go of one's own desire to look good. The event of a lapse never fails me. It always works. It always disrupts the consistency of emotions, production, play, drama and interpretation. I believe in tools that are not pretty. A lapse is anti-aesthetical. It disrupts aesthetics, any order and any structure of representation and meaning.  In the written part of my thesis I write about the conceptual base for the Oops! project. The concept of Oops! relates mainly to Giorgio Agamben's idea of parody and it's coexistence with fiction, Paolo Virno's concept of joke as a diagram for innovatory action in public, Félix Guattari's minor notions of lapse in Chaosmosis, and Richard's Schechner's idea of dislocation (not-not-me) relating again with Agamben's concept of remnant. Through this theoretical background I try to make sense and formulate my idea of lapse as a fallacy, micro collapse and minor event of the every day, a momentary state of dealing with the possibility of becoming both, a joke or a failure.  After that I depict what we intended to do with Oops! the plan I wrote before we started to work and during the practice. This part contains a description of the background for the work and the research, how did the group come together and how did it sustain itself for the period of the work. I also describe my main method of working, the method of reanimation and how I have created this sort of prosthesis to deal with the documentary results of live action and with the live action producing documentary results.  Following that I talk about what actually happened in the process of Oops! I concentrate on the most interesting points. I describe the end result, the performance, and point out what was interesting in what we did and what I have found out conceptually and practically. I refer to Franco “Bifo” Berardi's writings on automatism, virtual time and the social consequences of increasingly immaterial labor, and describe surprises, reflections, touching moments and some tools or techniques developed and ready to be carried on.  At the end I draw some conclusions and present a short plan for my next attempt to work with lapse; as an appendix I am attaching the script for Oops!, a collection of concepts, scores and structures we followed on the way.  Throughout the entire text I relate to other artistic projects beside our Oops! project. In the case of the question of parody I refer to the piece by Jeremy Deller, Battle of Orgreave and the documentary of this work by Mike Figgis, both from 2001, also to a work by Yael Bartana from 2011, And Europe will be Stunned and to the film Attenberg from 2010, by Athina Rachel Tsangari. When talking about the method of reanimation and lapse I refer to Martin Arnold's Passage à l'acte from 1993, Jeremy Deller's piece again, my own previous works and Joan Jonas' pieces, Vertical Roll, 1972 and Reanimation, 2012.
The only way home is through the show : performance work of Lois Weaver
Everyone has an animal story - the pet they loved or hated, the wild animal that captured their childhood imagination, the nasty dog at the end of the street, the deer your uncle shot or your neighbor hit while driving. Telling stories about animals is part of how we tell the story of being human, but recent scientific breakthroughs in animal cognition, the exploding interdisciplinary field of animal studies, and global climate change have all complicated these stories. Animal Acts collects some of the most exciting, provocative, and moving solo performances on animals, grounded by commentaries that help put these engaging works in a larger context. Animal Acts includes the work of leading theater artists Holly Hughes, Rachel Rosenthal, Deke Weaver, Carmelita Tropicana, and others, along with commentary by major scholars including Donna Haraway, Jane Desmond, Jill Dolan, and Nigel Rothfels. A masterful introduction by Una Chaudhuri provides readers a useful foundation for understanding and appreciating the intersection of animal studies and performance. The anthology makes an important contribution to several fields as it foregrounds questions of race, gender, sexuality, class, nation, and other issues central to the human project within the discourse of the "post human". The collection will be of interest to those interested in solo performance, animal studies, gender studies, performance studies, and environmental studies.
Lois Weaver is one of the true pioneers in feminist and lesbian performance. The Only Way Home Is Through the Show explores her collaborative work with Split Britches and Spiderwoman as well as her solo projects, performance interventions, and work as a facilitator, teacher, and as Tammy WhyNot. It tells her story through hundreds of professional and personal photos and an extraordinary range of texts, from performance writing to critical commentary - all embellished with performance ephemera, personal memoir, and hand-written notes on methodologies. Featuring a wealth of material that has never previously been published, the book includes contributions from many of Weaver's key collaborators, old and new, and many of the most important feminist writers, photographers, and performance makers of the last forty years. The Only Way Home Is Through the Show is a guided tour of Lois Weaver's aesthetics, principles, inspirations, innovations, and desires.
Theatre and adaptation : return, rewrite, repeat
Authenticity and early music : a symposium
Encounters in Performance Philosophy is a collection of 14 essays by international researchers which demonstrates the vitality of the field of Performance Philosophy. The essays address a wide range of concerns common to performance and philosophy including: the body, language, performativity, mimesis and tragedy
Visualizing the sounds of Paltamo
Andre Lepecki surveys a decade of experimental choreography to uncover the dual meaning of “performance” in the twenty-first century: not just an aesthetic category, but a mode of political power. He demonstrates the enduring ability of performance to critique and subvert this power, examining this relationship through five “singularities” in contemporary dance: thingness, animality, persistence, darkness, and solidity. Exploring the works of Mette Ingvartsen, Yvonne Rainer, Ralph Lemon, Jerome Bel and others, Lepecki uses his concept of “singularity” - the resistance of categorization and aesthetic identification - to examine the function of dance and performance in political and artistic debate.
Performance : an alphabet of performative writing
Live Art is a contested category, not least because of the historical, disciplinary and institutional ambiguities that the term often tends to conceal. Live Art can be usefully defined as a peculiarly British variation on particular legacies of cultural experimentation – a historically and culturally contingent translation of categories including body art, performance art, time-based art, and endurance art. The recent social and cultural history of the UK has involved specific factors that have crucially influenced the development of Live Art since the late 1970s. These have included issues in national cultural politics relating to sexuality, gender, disability, technology, and cultural policy. In the past decade there has been a proliferation of festivals of Live Art in the UK and growing support for Live Art in major venues. Nevertheless, while specific artists have been afforded critical essays and monographs, there is a relative absence of scholarly work on Live Art as a historically and culturally specific mode of artistic production. Through essays by leading scholars and critical interviews with influential artists in the sector, Critical Live Art addresses the historical and cultural specificity of contemporary experimental performance, and explores the diversity of practices that are carried out, programmed, read or taught as Live Art.
Performativity and performance
Technical management for the performing arts : utilizing time, talent, and money
The roll medium : the origins and development of the moving panorama until the 1860s
Technical Management for the Performing Arts: Utilizing Time, Talent, and Money is a comprehensive guide to the tools and strategies of a successful technical manager. This book demonstrates how you can coordinate personnel, raw materials, and venues, all while keeping a production on a tight schedule and within budget. From concept to realization, through nightly performances, Technical Management for the Performing Arts focuses on the technical and organization skills a technical manager must demonstrate, and emphasizes the need for creativity and interpersonal management of a team.
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
Drawing a hypothesis : figures of thought : a project
Iranian classical music : the discourses and practice of creativity
A short history of Western performance space
Human degradation of the environment has been documented by scholars across a range of disciplines: the global temperature of the planet continues to rise, abandoned industrial sites stain once vibrant communities, and questions about the purity of our water and foods linger. In the shadow of these material conditions, concerned citizens have reacted by issuing critiques against careless consumerism and excessive lifestyles. Their hope is to illustrate and inspire alternative ways of living. As part of such efforts and activism, some have turned to performance as a means to investigate matters further, pose challenges and questions, and enact new ways of being and thinking in a globalized world. Performance on Behalf of the Environment is a collection of essays from a diverse group of scholars that explore critically the strengths, limitations, and processes of what can be termed environmental performances.
Performing music in the age of recording
Fill every seat - every week : the power of subscriptions and how to make them work today
Encounters in performance philosophy
This book, the first devoted to the history and contemporary forms of Irish performance art in the north and south of Ireland, brings together contributions by prominent Irish artists and major academics. It features rigorous critical and theoretical analysis as well as historical commentaries that provide an absorbing sense of the rich histories of performance art in Ireland. Presenting diverse visual documentation of performance art practices, this collection shows how performance art in Ireland engaged with—and in turn influenced and led—contemporary performance and Live Art internationally.
Critical theory and performance
Betwixt, between, or beyond? : negotiating transformations from the liminal sphere of contemporary black performance poetry
History, memory, performance
The performing subject in the space of technology : through the virtual, towards the real
Poetic encounter : a hermeneutic journey into the microprocesses of performance art
Teatterin raunioilla = On the theatresruins : Valuma-alue - muistioita vapaudesta
Playing activists and dancing anarchists : men and masculinities in cultural performances in contemporary Sweden
Shakespeare performance studies
