http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27073 small towns
small towns
Portugal has some geographical similarities with Finland: both are small and rather peripherical countries. However, the infection with the Human Immunodefi ciency Virus (HIV) has different patterns in Portugal from those in Finland. At the beginning of the 21st century, Portugal is in the fi rst place of the infection with the HIV, with an incidence rate of 105.8 cases per one million inhabitants. The main objective of this paper is to present and explain the geographical diffusion of HIV in Portugal at sub-region level with altogether 28 geographical areas. We were able to identify some geographic hot spot areas with SMR signifi cantly higher than 100. Some areas with AIDS mortality rates signifi cantly above the national standardized rates were identifi ed in the metropolitan area of Lisbon. It was found that the urban/rural dichotomy is the most important factor, explaining 47% and 32% of the variance for male and female AIDS mortality, respectively. This factor identifi es a clear opposition between the variables, with a geographical signifi cance.
Abstract.
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Customer needs and wants for organizing children celebrations in Helsinki Metropolitan area
VFR traffic chart Helsinki
The geography of HIV/AIDS in Portugal
Town and country planning in Britain
Probabilistic modelling of PM[sup2.5] exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
Sharp objects : a novel
Nordic major cities statistics. 2007 : Data on 16 major cities and their regions from the NORDSTAT database
Tourism : Volume 6, new conceptualisations and approaches
The United Nations projected in 2008 that by the end of that year, for the first time in history, half of the world's population would be living in urban areas. With a growing urban population comes new challenges for cities, compounding the existing energy security and global warming issues nations all over the world are facing. There is an unquestionably critical and urgent need for sustainable developments. The aim of this study was to examine and learn from the successes and failures of two pioneering sustainable urban development projects. Hammarby Sjöstad, located in Stockholm, and BedZED, located in the UK, were both designed around the same time in the late 1990s to spearhead sustainable development in urban areas. The emphasis of this study is placed on energy efficiency, stormwater management, waste management and transport. Relevant aspects of the planning process that impacted these areas are also analyzed. The thesis concludes by drawing important lessons and making recommendations for future developments.
Journey time and occupancy characteristics of the Helsinki metropolitan public transport system
The Finnish competition state and entrepreneurial policies in the Helsinki region
Day trips : Helsinki & southern Finland
Exposure of an urban adult population to PM[sub 2.5] : methods, determinants and sources
Evolving polycentricities : the development of urban spatial structure in Finnish urban regions
International comparability of the climate indicators of the Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY)
Housing talent : residential satisfaction among skilled migrants in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Urban-rural interaction : report of the Working Group on Urban-Rural Interaction
Sustainable urban waste management: analysis of untapped bio-energy resources of Lagos metropolis
Miller's Valley : a novel
Town and country in Roman Britain
Telecommunications and transport 1995 : the Helsinki region
Migration and intra-urban mobility in the Helsinki metropolitan area
'Legal empowerment of the poor' versus ''Right to the city' : implications for access to housing in urban Africa
The heavenly table : a novel
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Building towards a good life : three research projects and perspectives on metropolitan Helsinki's housing markets
How to construct ecologically and socially sustainable urban environments? : a literature review on climate change, runoff waters and land-use impacts in urban environments : vulnerability assessment of ecosystem services for climate change impacts and adaptation, action 6 : assessment of climate change and land use impacts in urban environments (short name Urban Environments)
Developing evaluation strategies and training for early childhood education in the Helsinki metropolitan area, Finland
From the village to the city : adjustment process of internal migrants in Albania
Development of young population groups in Helsinki
A study of cultural change : rural-urban conflicts in Norway
Urban development projects: successes and lessons learnt
Housing the skilled migrants in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area : international attractiveness of housing, neighbourhoods and the city region
Trees for tough urban sites : learning from nature
Town and country
The world cities
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Urban-rural connexions: perspectives from environmental archaeology
From new towns to green politics : campaigning for town and country planning, 1946-1990
Personal exposures to volatile organic compounds and carbonyls : relationships to microenvironment concentrations and analysis of sources
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
From city to city-region : city of Helsinki strategic spatial plan
Helsinki and Finland attract people [pääkirjoitus]
The geography of fear : a latitudinal gradient in anti-predator escape distances of birds across Europe
A slant of light : a novel
Governing metropolitan regions
A cointegration analysis of house price formation in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Summary
Innovative city and business regions
Portrait of the Helsinki region
What they do in the dark
Helsinki Metropolitan Area climate report : emission trends in 2008
Helsinki Metropolitan Area climate change adaptation strategy
Escape London : days out within easy reach of London
"The challenge of urban deprivation and exclusion in the urban South has given rise to varied and shifting policies and ideas. Two sets of ideas have gained great currency in recent years in international policy and academic circles. The Legal Empowerment of the Poor approach, rooted in neoliberal thinking, focuses on the legal rights of the urban poor as the means to secure access to basic services and needs. The Right to the City perspective, on the other hand, stresses issues of citizenship and the appropriation and uses of urban space. This Policy Dialogue analyses the different ideological and normative foundations of the two perspectives and discusses how they lead to different policy formulations. It then takes a closer look at how the two perspectives find expression in contemporary discussions on and approaches to access to housing in urban Africa. To this end, it compares what each approach identifies as the source of the problem and recommends as the policy solution." --Publisher's description.
A piece of the world : A Novel
Clustering of immigration population in Helsinki metropolitan area, Finland: a comparative study of exploratory spatial data analysis methods
Spatial planning in Denmark
If you follow me
Ruby's spoon
Immigrant associations in the Metropolitan Area of Finland : forms of mobilisation, participation and representation
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Claire of the sea light
The town with no twin
Helsingin seudun tilastot 1993 = Statistik för Helsingforsregionen 1993 = Statistics for the Helsinki region 1993
The impacts of climate change in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Metropolitan CEE : big cities, capitals and city-regions in central and eastern Europe
Helsinki metropolitan transportation study. Volume 1
Planning together for better quality of life : guide for integrated management for urban rural interaction
Forecasting techniques for urban and regional planning
Helsinki Metropolitan Area transportation system 2020
Annual report. 2000
