http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2702 rent on land (payments)
rent on land (payments)
Peasant petitions : social relations and economic life on landed estates, 1600-1850
Land law reform in Eastern Africa : traditional or transformative? : a critical review of 50 years of land law reform in Eastern Africa,1961-2011
The Finnish civil war and land lease problems
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-B, Property : legal precedents
Textbook on land law
Economics for business : competition, macro-stability and globalisation
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-A, Property : legal precedents
"This book examines the structures and texture of rural social relationships, using one type of document found in abundance over all the four component parts of Britain and Ireland: petitions from tenants to their landlords. Exploring the authorship, form, and style of more than 2,000 petitions as well as their content, and looking at variations in petitioning as a communication strategy, it uses requests for help to understand the diverse material and social lives of those who worked the land in an era of profound change. Ranging over the many practices of lordship and estate management, the book offers unexpected angles on many aspects of society and economy on estates in north-west England, the Highland margin of Scotland, the north of Ireland, and Wales. Broad in geographical and chronological scope, it integrates, compares, and contrasts the experience of the rural population in different parts of the British Isles. Primarily social and cultural in focus, it also extends understandings of local, regional, and national histories. "--
Property rights, land values and urban development : betterment and compensation in China
Amsterdam social housing
Summary : Historical abstracts ( Santa Barbara, Cal. ) 16 ( 1970 ) s. 375.
Land tenure in the highlands of Eritrea : economic theory and empirical evidence
Income taxes, property values, and migration
Property law and the public interest : cases and materials
Urban land rent : Singapore as a property state
Leasing agricultural land
Joint operating agreements : mitigating operational and contractual risks in exclusive operations
Modern studies in property law. volume 3
Elements of land law
Law and economics : an introductory analysis
Principles of political economy : considered with a view to their practical application
Deregulation in placement services : a comparative study for eight EU countries
Blackstone's statutes on property law, 2005/2006
Regional differences in land prices in Finland
Land, mobility, and belonging in West Africa
Rentcharges in registered conveyancing
Adjustment in OECD agriculture : reforming farmland policies
Agricultural support, farm land values and sectoral adjustment : the implications for policy reform
On the social dimension in posting of workers : reasoning on posted workers directive, wage liability, minimum wages and right to industrial action
Past and present stereotypes : ethnological, anthropological perspectives : (papers of the 10th Finnish-Hungarian Ethnological Symposium, Budapest-Dobogókő, Budapest, August 31 - September 4, 2009)
Limited liability and the existence of share tenancy
"Land Law Reform in East Africa reviews development and changes in the statutory land laws of 7 countries in Eastern Africa over the period 1961-2011. The book is divided into two parts. Part 1 sets up the conceptual framework for consideration of the reforms, and pursues a contrast between transformational and traditional developments; where the former aim at change designed to ensure social justice in land laws, and the latter aim to continue the overall thrust of colonial approaches to land laws and land administration. Part 2 provides an in-depth and critical survey of the land law reforms introduced into each country during the era of land law reform which commenced around 1990. The overall effect of the reforms has, Patrick McAuslan argues, been traditional: it was colonial policy to move towards land markets, individualisation of land tenure and the demise of customary tenure, all of which characterise the post 1990 reforms. The culmination of over 50 years of working in this area, Land Law Reform in East Africa will be invaluable reading for scholars of land law, and of law and development more generally."--
Land as a financial asset: studies in theoretical and real trends
Sowiet land and housing law : a historical and comparative study
Estates on the edge : the social consequences of mass housing in Northern Europe
Landlord and tenant law : the nature of tenancies
Hill and Redman's law of landlord and tenant
The economic theory of agricultural land tenure
Modern studies in property law. Volume 4
Managing social rental housing in the European Union : experiences and innovative approaches : final report
Time-limited interests in land
Hire services by farmers for farmers
Agricultural policy uncertainty and anticipatory farm level adjustment : the case of direct payments and incentives for farmland investment
Summary (s. 5).
Land law
How to improve marketing and customer relationship management of the cottage holiday business RapoJärviLoma, the target market being the residents of St. Petersburg and Moscow?
Land reforms in Finland
Housing law in the Nordic countries : a report commissioned by the Nordic Council of Ministers
Modern studies in property law. Volume 2, Property 2002
