http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27009 socio-political journals
socio-political journals
The Progressive era : primary documents on events from 1890 to 1914
The press and multiparty politics in Africa
Allegra lab : anthropology, law, art, world
Norway spruce conversion : options and consequences
The cult of the amateur : how today's internet is killing our culture and assaulting our economy
Russian media challenge
Tiivistelmä. - English summary. - Resumo en Esperanto. - Rezyume po-russki.
Anarchy comics : The complete collection
Journalists, administrators and business people on social problems : a study around the Baltic Sea
The girl who kicked the hornets' nest
The girl who kicked the hornet's nest
Media and society : critical perspectives
Football, Europe and the press
Information, communication & society
Changing educational contexts, issues and identities : 40 years of comparative education
Moscow news 1987.
Losing the news : the uncertain future of the news that feeds democracy
Popular China : unofficial culture in a globalizing society
The presence of the past in politics : '1956' after 1956 in Hungary
The violence of the image : photography and international conflict
The magazine from cover to cover
The author, a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist explores how the epochal changes sweeping the media have eroded the core news that has been the essential food supply of our democracy. At a time of dazzling technological innovation, he says that what stands to be lost is the fact based reporting that serves as a watchdog over government, holds the powerful accountable, and gives citizens what they need. In a tumultuous new media era, with cutthroat competition and panic over profits, the commitment of the traditional news media to serious news is fading. Should we lose a critical mass of this news, our democracy will weaken and possibly even begin to fail. This book is also a call to arms. Despite the current crisis, there are many hopeful signs, and he closes by looking over the horizon and exploring ways the iron core can be preserved.--From publisher description.
War images : fabricating reality
International journal of science education. Part B, Communication and public engagement
"In the twenty-first century, the advent of digital photography, camera phones and social media platforms has altered the relationship between photographers, the medium and the audience- as well as contributing to an ongoing blurring of the boundaries between news and entertainment and professional and amateur journalism. The Violence of the Image explores how new vernacular and artistic modes of photographic production articulate international friction."--Page 4 of cover.
Literature and political change : Budapest, 1908-1918
The clash of interests : the transformation of Japan in 1861-1881 in the eyes of the local Anglo-Saxon press
The rum diary
Social innovation in the private sector : evaluating the effectiveness of the business model canvas in fostering social value creation
In Jackson, Mississippi, in 1962, there are lines that are not crossed. With the civil rights movement exploding all around them, three women start a movement of their own, forever changing a town and the way women--black and white, mothers and daughters--view one another.
Red Rascal's war
The cult of the amateur : how blogs, MySpace, YouTube, and the rest of today's user-generated media are destroying our economy, our culture, and our values
Natural experiments with decreased availability of alcoholic beverages : Finnish alcohol strikes in 1972 and 1985
Social problems in newspapers : studies around the Baltic Sea
Sexualities : studies in culture and society
The help
The dynamics of mass communication : media in the digital age
The regional newspaper in post-Soviet Russia : society, press and journalism in the Republic of Karelia 1985-2001
Advances in the visual analysis of social movements
Constructing post-communism : a study in the Estonian social problems discourse
Signal : kirjoituksia liikkumisen vapaudesta = writings on the freedom of movement. 1, Spring 2015
The tyranny of silence : how one cartoon ignited a global debate on the future of free speech
Media and conflict in the twenty-first century
New media & society
