http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27068 documentary theatre
documentary theatre
Theatre of the real
Experts of the everyday : the theatre of Rimini Protokoll
Get real : documentary theatre past and present
My name is Rachel Corrie : taken from the writings of Rachel Corrie
Elderly ladies, teenagers, unemployed air traffic controllers, talented mayoral candidates, Vietnam soldiers, counsellors, Bulgarian longdistance lorry drivers, Indian call centre workers - "real people" are always at the centre of Rimini Protokoll's directorial work. Experts of their daily lives, they are the defining aspect of the documentary work of Helgard Haug, Stefan Kaegi and Daniel Wetzel. It is rare that the clash between fiction and reality is made so clear, and simultaneously so emotional and playful. In this volume, journalists, academics and artists present and reflect upon the stage productions, as well as the site-specific works, audio tours and radio pieces of the successful trio of directors. With numerous colour photographs and a complete catalogue of works.
Staging the real : the social impact of the play The colour of justice
This is performance art : parts one and two
Storytelling performance is everywhere on the stage today: from the schtick of the stand-up comedian to the harrowing stories of verbatim theatre. This is the first book to take a comparative approach to these diverse forms to address the related questions of how story worlds are created on stage and what happens when spectators experience storytelling. Tom Maguire draws on an international range of storytelling performances to identify commonalities and distinctions, with examples including work by Anna Deavere Smith, Dario Fo, Franca Rame, Bobby Baker and Billy Connolly. He argues that storytelling performance can be characterized by the prominence of three specific factors: the degree of emphasis on narration in performance; the use of specific (epic and post-epic) modes of performance; and the immediate reciprocity of the relationship between the teller and the audience. His case study method generates detailed discussions and draws out conclusions with widespread application.
Smith's off-Broadway play is as much a commentary on current racial tensions as it is a work of drama. Award-winning writer and solo performer Smith derived her scripts from interviews with people who experienced or observed New York's 1991 Crown Heights racial riots.
Practising the real on the contemporary stage
Fires in the mirror : Crown Heights, Brooklyn and other identities
Case of emergency : emergent writings on live art and performance
Dramaturgy of the real on the world stage
The technique of film and video editing : theory and practice
Verbatim, verbatim : contemporary documentary theatre
Acting in documentary theatre
Training at Grotowski's 'Laboratorium' in Wroclaw 1972
Performing story on the contemporary stage
Radio drama : theory and practice
Man and mask : Oskar Schlemmer and the Bauhaus stage
Theatre-making : interplay between text and performance in the 21st century
On the two bank of the river = på flodens to bredder : en historie om Odin Teatret og folket i et fremmed land
An analysis of reality and 'the real' as presented in contemporary artistic creation, Practising the Real on the Contemporary Stage examines the responses given by performing arts to the importance placed on reality beyond representation. This book proposes four historic itineraries defined by the ways in which the issue of the real is addressed: the representation of the visible reality and its paradoxes, the place of the real on the lived body, the limits placed on representation by experiences of pain and death, and those practices that denounce the real. Practising the Real on the Contemporary Stage will be warmly welcomed by scholars of aesthetics and contemporary artistic practice.
