http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2701 rents
rents
Studies on the effects of property taxation, rent control and housing allowances
Recruitment Process Development : Improving the recruitment process at StaffPoint
Building principles of equality in the Finnish temporary agency work sector  : How can the Finnish temporary agency work policies be developed to encourage fair and equal treatment of temporary agency employees?
The eclipse of council housing
Land as a financial asset: studies in theoretical and real trends
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-A, Property : legal precedents
The economic theory of agricultural land tenure
The portable UCC
The house on Lonely Street
A comparative happiness and utility analysis between mortgage financed owner-occupation and renting
This sixth edition of Ed Kelley's popular best-seller is a practical guide to what's new in apartment management. The text has been completely revised to reflect the extensive changes that have occurred in the apartment industry over the past five years. Mr. Kelley has been a forerunner in the apartment management industry for many years, and he continues to pioneer new techniques and approaches for the benefit of property owners and managers everywhere. His how-to, hands-on guide covers the basics of ownership, management, and insurance, as well as advanced solutions for marketing, leasing, and tracking residents of rental properties. A few of the many updated topics in this edition include: Extra features in new apartment layouts and amenity packages, Innovative techniques for tracking residents and minimizing turnover, Hiring and managing property staff, Establishing policies to guide property operations, Leasing policies, the rental application process, and the lease document, Developing strategies for maximizing rent collections, Property maintenance, upgrading, and renovations, How to gain the most from Internet marketing, Setting and adjusting rents Implementing budgeting and planning strategies, Attracting prospects and curb appeal. Practical Apartment Management is a time-tested, comprehensive guide to apartment management written by a recognized expert in the field. This edition is a must-read for everyone who manages apartments.
Rents of dwellings
The law of housing
The shortage of affordable living space in Berlin : finding incentives for private real estate developers to build affordable space
Challenges of a small family owned growth company : case Kotimaailma Apartments
Adjustment in OECD agriculture : reforming farmland policies
Shakespeare's landlord : a Lily Bard mystery
Textbook on land law
The girl before
An econometric analysis and forecast of office property rents in the Helsinki area
Agricultural support, farm land values and sectoral adjustment : the implications for policy reform
Principles of political economy : considered with a view to their practical application
Modelling and forecasting property rents and returns
How to improve marketing and customer relationship management of the cottage holiday business RapoJärviLoma, the target market being the residents of St. Petersburg and Moscow?
Butterworths Landlord and tenant handbook
The rent act 1965
Career development possibilities through temporary recruitment  agencies : Case study
Work processes and quality in the field of staff recruitment
A hedonic model for Finnish housing rents and a comparative analysis for two towns
Asumistaso : asuntoasiain vuosikirja = Housing and planning in Finland. 1994-1995
Developing customer satisfaction for case company's project workers
International perspectives on temporary agency work
Consumer prices have risen in Finland at a higher pace than in the euro area. This has eroded Finnish consumers' purchasing power and weakened the competitiveness of the economy. Of household expenditure, approximately 40% is services-related, and Finnish services prices, in particular, have risen at a relatively rapid pace. Since the financial crisis, domestic services prices have risen by over 10% compared with the euro area average. Finnish services price inflation has been the highest in the euro area..
Degerbys Mona-Lisa : ett urval av texterna i Igor-museet 1997-2012 = Degerbyn Mona-Lisa : ote museon teksteistä vuosilta 1997-2012 = The Mona-Lisa of Degerby : a sample of the texts in the museum during the years 1997-2012
Rent control and tenants' welfare : the effects of deregulating rental markets in Finland
On landlord's discriminatory behaviour
Planning website in english and improving its visibility with SEO
The riot
The private rented housing market : regulation or deregulation?
Leasing agricultural land
Temporary agency work and globalisation : beyond flexibility and inequality
Temporary employment businesses : general problems ; specific problems relating to legal or illegal hiring out of workers across borders
Sowiet land and housing law : a historical and comparative study
Land reforms in Finland
Location, housing and premises in a dynamic perspective
Marketing Plan of Rental Apartments in Costa Blanca for Scandinavians : Case: Zariko Enterprise SL
Porkkala-Udd : elämää vuokra-ajan käänteissä = vardagsliv i skuggan av en parentes = life in the shadow of a parenthesis = igapäevane elu parenteesi varjus = budničnaja žizn' za skobkami
Aspects ot the taxation of foreign residents in Hellenistic Athens
Modern studies in property law. volume 3
Property rights, land values and urban development : betterment and compensation in China
Berlin residential market : housing shortage symptoms, anatomy and remedy
Forms of tenure in Sweden : the case of the tenant owner
Tenant application process in the capital area of Helsinki, Finland
The great rent wars : rent strikes and rent control in New York City, 1917-1929
Indentifying reasons for lessors low utilization rate of the rental service provided by OVV-Jyväskylä
Designing service for a personnel agency in the social and health care sector
Organizational commitment of temporary agency workers : case: Rekrytointipalvelu Sihti Oy
The purpose of this thesis was to find out, how the case company could develop the customer satisfaction level of its mostly foreign project workers, who use English as their working language. The case company is specialized in staffing and recruiting in all business areas. The objective was to define the current level of customer satisfaction level and how it could be developed. In addition the target group's interest towards possible new services was investigated.  In the theory part customer relationship management, customer satisfaction, customer loyalty and development of customer relationships were examined. Service marketing was also researched. Each field was defined and it was investigated, how they could be measured.  The empirical part was conducted with a customer satisfaction questionnaire and a complementary interview. The customer satisfaction questionnaire was sent to the whole target group and the complementary interview was held for a small group. Qualitative research methods were used in the study. With the questionnaire and the interview, the current level of customer satisfaction was defined, means how to develop it and also, for what kind of new services the target group would be interested in.  The research findings were analyzed and they showed that the customer satisfaction level is good. Based on the findings, the case company was recommended to develop different services. These were for example free time activities, info package about working in Finland for foreigners and cleaning service. By developing new services the case company brings increased customer value to the current customer relationships, which could elevate the customer satisfaction level.
Landlord and tenant law : the nature of tenancies
Rise in services prices has made Finland an expensive country
Rentcharges in registered conveyancing
Managing social rental housing in the European Union : experiences and innovative approaches : final report
Hill and Redman's law of landlord and tenant
Transforming private landlords : housing, markets & public policy
The ABCs of the UCC. Article 2A, Leases
Urban land rent : Singapore as a property state
Leasing
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (2 s.).
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-B, Property : legal precedents
Housing demand and tenure choice : evidence from Finland
Discrimination in housing
Hill & Redman's law of landlord and tenant. 2, (Cumulative) supplement
Regional differences in land prices in Finland
Landlord and tenant : text and materials on housing and law
The resident
Customer satisfaction survey for OVV-Tampere
Customer satisfaction research for Kotimaailma Apartments
Limited liability and the existence of share tenancy
