http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27162 source country
source country
"This book focuses on the diverse interrelationships between aging and transnationalism. It argues that the lives of older people are increasingly entangled in transnational contexts on the social as well as the cultural, economic and political levels. Within these contexts, older people both actively contribute to and are affected by border-crossing processes. In addition, while some may voluntarily opt for adding a transnational dimension to their lives, others may have less choice in the matter. Transnational aging, therefore, provides a critical lens on how older people shape, organize and cope with life in contexts that are no longer bound to the frame of a single nation-state. Accordingly, the book emphasizes the agency of older people as well as the personal and structural constraints of their situations. The chapters in this book reveal these aspects by approaching transnational aging from different methodological angles, such as ethnographic research, comparative studies, quantitative data, and policy and discourse analysis. Geographically, the chapters cover a wide range of countries in Africa, Asia, Europe, North and South America, such as Namibia, Thailand, Russia, Germany, the United States and Ecuador"--
Six myths about migrant remittances and the global economic crisis
There was fear that the global economic crisis would interrupt the flow of remittances to developing countries, force migrants to return to their sending households and endanger the economic health of sending nations. However, anxiety over the collapse of remittances was largely unfounded. While there was a small decline in remittance flows globally in 2009, in general, they did not fall as far or as quickly as other forms of assistance and they have begun to recover. In this paper we examine a series of myths that colour the remittance debate. Debunking the myths that surround remittances allows us to show the complex role remittances play for migrants, their sending households and communities as developing nations cope with the global economic crisis..
Empowerment and participation - grassroots democracy by Roma and non-Roma women : baseline study of the Roma community in Valea Seaca, Romania
The blood of angels
Transnational aging : current insights and future challenges
