http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27105 acne
acne
Pathogenesis and treatment of acne and rosacea
Heal your skin : The breakthrough plan for renewal
The complete acne health & diet guide : naturally clear skin without antibiotics
The herbal apothecary : 100 medicinal herbs and how to use them
Clearing concepts : a guide to acne treatment
Cosmetics and dermatological problems and solutions : a problem based approach
Nutrition and skin
Basic science for modern cosmetic dermatology
Common skin diseases : a handbook for the aesthetician
Treatment of acne
The youth equation : Take 10 years of your face
What not to do if you turn invisible
"Cosmetics for skin, hair, and nails play a vital part in the management and treatment of many dermatological conditions; unfortunately, they may also at times be the cause of some dermatological problems. They are therefore subjects where dermatologists need to be aware of the major commercial developments taking place, in addition to the many common Over The Counter products already available, in order to be vigilant in checking the possible benefits or disadvantages for patients.This text takes a serious look at the integration of skin care products, cosmetics, hair adornments, and nail cosmetics in the daily practice of dermatology, expanding the realm of disease treatment beyond diagnosis and treatment into the maintenance phase of healthy skin, hair, and nails"--Provided by publisher.
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic ingredients
Increased degradation of type I collagen in acne fulminans
Acne is a common skin disease that affects nearly every teenager but in some cases it persists into adulthood as a chronic disease. Acne severity ranges from mild comedonal to severe cystic and scarring disease. The pathogenesis of acne is multifactorial: increased sebum production, hormonal influences, the hypercornification of pilosebaceous ducts, overgrowth of Propionibacterium acnes (P. acnes) and inflammation around pilosebaceous follicles are considered to be the main pathogenetic factors but few further details are known. The role of innate immunity in the pathogenesis of acne has been studied quite extensively, but the contribution of adaptive immune responses is not well characterized. Although isotretinoin has been the most potent medication for acne over 30 years, its mode of action is partially unknown. Furthermore, modern 16S ribosomal RNA (rRNA) gene amplicon sequencing based methods allow quantification of the abundance of skin bacteria, but these culture-independent techniques have not yet been used to assess the effect of systemic treatments, isotretinoin and tetracycline antibiotics on acne skin microbiota.In this study the innate and adaptive immune responses in the skin of acne patients were investigated. Skin biopsies were taken from early-stage acne lesions and from uninvolved skin of acne patients, and the samples were examined for the expression of cytokines, chemokines, transcription factors and antimicrobial peptides, using real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR). In addition, the skin biopsies were examined by immunohistochemistry and Luminex technology, which was also used in the determination of cytokine levels in acne patients' serum samples. The skin microbiota of swab samples was investigated using 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing.We found that innate and adaptive immune responses, in particular the activation of the IL-17/Th17 axis, are involved in early-stage acne lesions. Furthermore, the expression of effector cytokine TGF-β and transcription factor of regulatory T cells (Tregs) FoxP3 mRNA was reduced in acne patients' uninvolved skin compared to normal skin of healthy controls. Isotretinoin has no direct effect on innate and adaptive immune responses in newly formed acne lesions. It did, however, modify some innate immune responses: the expression of IL-1β and toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2) mRNA was reduced in uninvolved skin of acne patients, and the number of CD68+ macrophages increased in acne patients' skin with isotretinoin treatment. After six weeks' treatment, the abundance of P. acnes was similarly reduced with either isotretinoin or lymecycline treatment. However, previous studies and clinical experience show that isotretinoin is more clinically effective against acne than tetracyclines, probably because of the effect of isotretinoin on sebaceous glands and sebum excretion.Acne is a disease, which at its worst results in significant scarring. Therefore it is important to understand the immunological factors behind its pathogenesis. Our findings show that both adaptive and innate immunity play an important role. Isotretinoin, although currently the most potent anti-acne drug, does not directly affect the adaptive immune response and therefore new medications are required to control the relevant immune responses, especially in severe cystic or fulminant acne.
Increased chemiluminescence of whole blood and normal T-lymphocyte subsets in severe nodular acne and acne fulminans
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
The effect of systemic treatment on immune responses and skin microbiota in acne
Simple skincare beautiful skin : a back-to-basics approach
Introduction to cosmetic formulation and technology
Harry's cosmeticology : 3
