http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p271 foundations (organisations)
foundations (organisations)
The Paulo Foundation since 1966.
GrantFinder : the complete guide to postgraduate funding worldwide : arts and humanities
The politics of foundations : comparative perspectives from Europe & beyond
The International Foundation Directory 2002
Cultural cooperation between the European Union and the Russian Federation : sources of funding = Istočniki finansirovaniâ kulturnogo sotrudničestva meždu EC i Rossijskoj Federaciej
World Wildlife Fund
Bolivia's answer to poverty, economic crisis and adjustment : the emergency social fund
Elokuvavuosi = Facts and figures. 2011
American private express trust and Finnish closed foundation : definition and comparative analysis
Tax problems of cultural foundations and of patronage in the European Community
Trial, trust and tribulation : the distribution of roles and changing nature of relations between governments and arts councils, associations and foundations : report
Taxation of non-profit organizations : Finland
BSAS process commitments : Helsinki 2010 - St. Petersburg 2013
The Friedrich Ebert Foundation : history, activities and aims
Baltic heritage
Gösta Serlachiuksen taidesäätiön kokoelmat = Gösta Serlachius' konststiftelses samlingar = The collection of the Gösta Serlachius' Fine Arts Foundation
The Grants register : [the complete guide to postgraduate funding worldwide]. 2009.
BSAS process commitments : Helsinki 2010 - ST. Petersburg 2013
The Grants register. 2005.
Punainen Saastamoisen säätiön taidekokoelmassa = Rött i Saastamoinenstiftelsens konstsamling = Red in the Saastamoinen Foundation Art Collection
Porin taidemuseon vihkiäisnäyttely : taidetta Maire Gullichsenin taidesäätiön kokoelmasta = Björneborgs konstmuseums invigningsutställning : konst ur Maire Gullichsens konststiftelses samlingar = Pori Art Museum inaugural exhibition : art from the collection of Maire Gullichsen Art Foundation
An introduction to the law of trusts
Trusts and trust-like devices
Alexander von Humboldt-Stiftung 1953-1993 : 40 Jahre im Dienst von Wissenschaft und Forschung = 40 years in the service of science and research
The Europa international foundation directory 2009.
Elokuvavuosi = Facts and figures. 2015
The Sara Hildén Foundation collection of international modern art / Timo Vuorikoski
Baltic Sea Action Group : foundation for a living Baltic Sea
Residency benefits : Trans Artists and the world of artist-in-residence
Drafting Cayman Islands trusts
The Sigrid Juselius Foundation
Glamour of the gods : photographs from the John Kobal Foundation
Civil law and tax law rules on distributions from public benefit foundations
Handbook on non-profit institutions in the system of national accounts
Executive summary (s. 7-13).
Elokuvavuosi = Facts and figures. 2010
Inventory of the archive of social democracy and the library of the Friedrich-Ebert-Stiftung
The international foundation directory 1996
The American-Scandinavian Foundation 1910-1960 : a brief history
The International Foundation Directory 1991
The nonprofit sector : a research handbook
Baltic Sea Action Group : Baltic Sea commitments : facts and figures
Quest for knowledge : building friendship : 25 years' history of Scandinavia-Japan Sasakawa Foundation
Philanthropic foundations
Obstacles to the employment of young adult immigrants in the Helsinki capital region
Giving more for research in Europe : the role of foundations and the non-profit sector in boosting R & D investment
American foundations : an investigative history
The complete guide to nonprofit management
The end of finance : the theory of capital market inflation, financial derivatives and pension fund capitalism
Eestimaa Looduse Fond = The Estonian Fund for Nature
Under the eagle's wings : 70th-anniversary publication of the Gösta Serlachius fine arts foundation
Maire Gullichsenin taidesäätiön kokoelma, Porin taidemuseo = Maire Gullichsens konststiftelses samlingar, Björneborgs konstmuseum = The collection of Maire Gullichsen's Art Foundation, Pori Art Museum
Kansakunta kehyksissä : naivistista taidetta Suomen Gallupin säätiön kokoelmasta = A nation framed : naive art in the Collection of the Suomen Gallup Foundation
No such thing as a free gift : the Gates Foundation and the price of philanthropy
The grants register. 2004
Occupational Medical Foundation 1945-1955 : Institute of Occupational Healh [i.e. Health] 1951-1955 : report
"Philanthro-capitalism: How charity became big business The charitable sector is one of the fastest-growing industries in the global economy. Nearly half of the more than 85,000 private foundations in the United States have come into being since the year 2000. Just under 5,000 more were established in 2011 alone. This deluge of philanthropy has helped create a world where billionaires wield more power over education policy, global agriculture, and global health than ever before. Charities link the farmers in Africa to the boardrooms of corporate foundations and the corridors of the World Economic Forum at Davos. Far from being selfless, plutocratic philanthropy may be the ultimate profit-making tool. In No Such Thing as a Free Gift, author and academic Linsey McGoey puts this new golden age of philanthropy under the microscop -paying particular attention to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. As large charitable organizations replace governments as the providers of social welfare, their largesse becomes suspect. The businesses fronting the money often create the very economic instability and inequality the foundations are purported to solve. We are entering an age when the ideals of social justice are dependent on the strained rectitude and questionable generosity of the mega-rich"--
Fund-raising cost effectiveness : a self-assessment workbook
Foundations and public policy : the mask of pluralism
Finnish art on paper
Finnish foundations' real estate investing in Finland : case study
The Carlsberg foundation : the Carlsberg laboratory, scientific grants, the Museum of national history at Fredriksborg castle, the New Carlsberg foundation
The grants register. 1999
Maudsley and Burn's Trusts and trustees : cases and materials
The Foundation directory
Banking on death or, investing in life : the history and future of pensions
The National Lottery yearbook
Trusts and foundations in Europe : a comparative study
Funding Bodies, Including: Sixth Framework Programme, Ultach Trust, Seventh Framework Programme, Eurimages, Academy of Finland, National Science Council, European Strategy Forum on Research Infrastructures, Jonsson Cancer Center Foundation, Ideal-Ist
The real estate portfolio strategies and management of Finnish foundations
The European Foundation : a new legal approach
Forum Marinum vuosikirja. 2012, Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
Elokuvavuosi = Facts and figures. 2013
MISTRA : annual report 1996
Vanished
Foundations in Europe
Defining the nonprofit sector : a cross-national analysis
The human rights-based approach : in Abilis Foundation
The European foundation : a new legal approach ; [a project of the Bertelsmann-Stiftung, Gütersloh]
Liberty, charity and politics : non-profit law and freedom of speech
Managing pension plans : a comprehensive guide to improving plan performance
American foundations and the European welfare states
Equity and trusts
Northern light and northern times : Swedish leadership in the foundation of biological rhythms research
Fundamental texts on European private law
Elokuvavuosi. 2008 : tilastoja = facts and figures
Nobel : the man and his prizes
World Wide Fund for Nature
World guide to foundations
The international foundation directory
Kröller-Müller : the first hundred years
Baltic Sea Action Group : state commitments 10 Feb 2010 - Feb 2013
