http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27149 curation (collections)
curation (collections)
Deep time of the museum : the materiality of media infrastructures
Rewritten, expanded and fully updated, MRM5 encompasses all that needs to be known and done when a museum accessions, measures, marks, moves, and displays or stores an object/artifact of any kind. MRM5 includes expert advice from more than 60 acknowledged leaders in their disciplines. New with the 5th edition are special teaching sections that challenge students and seasoned staff alike with questions about the process and procedures of accessioning and caring for objects.
Nordic inspiration : fresh approaches to museum learning / [editing: Tine Seligmann and Dorthe Godsk Larsen]
Ten fundamental questions of curating
Exhibition
This outstanding comparative study on the curating of “difficult knowledge” focuses on two museum exhibitions that presented the same lynching photographs. Through a detailed description of the exhibitions and drawing on interviews with museum staff and visitor comments, Roger I. Simon explores the affective challenges to thought that lie behind the different curatorial frameworks and how viewers' comments on the exhibitions perform a particular conversation about race in America. He then extends the discussion to include contrasting exhibitions of photographs of atrocities committed by the German army on the Eastern Front during World War II, as well as to photographs taken at the Khmer Rouge S-21 torture and killing center. With an insightful blending of theoretical and qualitative analysis, Simon proposes new conceptualizations for a contemporary public pedagogy dedicated to bearing witness to the documents of racism.--
Studio-based artistic research and doctoral degrees for artists are now important aspects of contemporary art and art education. Artists as Researchers presents a selection of essays that address various approaches to research in contemporary art. It contains contributions from more than twenty international artists, art teachers, curators, historians and critics, all of whom participated in the 2010-2012 EU project Changing Identities and Contexts in the Arts.
Exhibition / edited by Lucy Steeds
Mousse is a bimonthly magazine published in Italian and English. Established in 2006, Mousse contains interviews, conversations, and essays by some of the most important figures in international criticism, visual arts, and curating today, alternated with a series of distinctive articles in a unique tabloid format. Mousse keeps tabs on international trends in contemporary culture thanks to its city editors in major art capitals such as Berlin, New York, London, Paris, and Los Angeles.---
The curator's handbook : museums, commercial galleries, independent spaces
Politics in a glass case : feminism, exhibition cultures and curatorial transgressions
Choreographing exhibitions = Chorégraphier l'exposition / a book by = un livre de Mathieu Copeland
Performance in the digital age has undergone a radical shift in which a once ephemeral art form can now be relived, replayed and repeated. Until now, much scholarship has been devoted to the nature of live performance in the digital age; Documenting Performance is the first book to provide a collection of key writings about the process of documenting performance, focused not on questions of liveness or the artistic qualities of documents, but rather on the professional approaches to recovering, preserving and disseminating knowledge of live performance. Through its four-part structure, the volume introduces readers to important writings by international practitioners and scholars on: The contemporary context for documenting performance, processes of documenting performance, documenting bodies in motion, documenting to create. In each, chapters examine the ways performance is documented and the issues arising out of the process of documenting performance. While theorists have argued that performance becomes something else whenever it is documented, the writings reveal how the documents themselves cannot be regarded simply as incomplete remains from live events. The methods for preserving and managing them over time, ensuring easy access of such materials in systematic archives and collections, requires professional attention in its own right. Through the process of documenting performance, artists acquire a different perspective on their own work, audiences can recall specific images and sounds for works they have witnessed in person, and others who did not see the original work can trace the memories of particular events, or use them to gain an understanding of something that would otherwise remain unknown to them and their peers.
MRM5 : museum registration methods
Now that we 'curate' even lunch, what happens to the role of the connoisseur in contemporary culture? 'Curate' is now a buzzword applied to everything from music festivals to artisanal cheese. Inside the art world, the curator reigns supreme, acting as the face of high-profile group shows and biennials in a way that can eclipse and assimilate the contributions of individual artists. At the same time, curatorial studies programs continue to grow in popularity, and businesses are increasingly adopting curation as a means of adding value to content and courting demographics. Everyone, it seems, is a now a curator. But what is a curator, exactly? And what does the explosive popularity of curating say about our culture's relationship with taste, labour and the avant-garde? In this incisive and original study, critic David Balzer travels through art history and around the globe to explore the cult of curation - where it began, how it came to dominate museums and galleries, and how it was co-opted at the turn of the millennium as the dominant mode of organizing and giving value to content. At the centre of the book is a paradox: curation is institutionalized and expertise-driven like never before, yet the first independent curators were not formally trained, and any act of choosing has become 'curating.' Is the professional curator an oxymoron? Has curation reached a sort of endgame, where its widespread fetishization has led to its own demise?
Curating and politics : beyond the curator : initial reflections
Joshua Decter : art is a problem : selected criticism, essays, interviews, and curatorial projects (1986-2012)
Uncertain spaces: virtual configurations in contemporary art and museums / edited by Helena Barranha, Susana S. Martins
I hear voices in everything! : step by step
Food and museums
Queering the gallery : in search of counter-normative curatorial strategies
curated by_vienna is a project initiated by departure – The Creative Agency of the City of Vienna. It aims to explore novel ways of cooperation between internationally renowned curators and Viennese galleries. 2013, in its fifth edition, curated by_vienna pursues the diverse questions that are currently connected with the medium of painting. The idea was developed by curator Eva Maria Stadler in cooperation with the galleries and curators involved in the project. 20 Viennese galleries for contemporary art present exhibitions conceived by 20 international curators. -- Publisher.
Gränslöst : 1700-tal speglat i nuet = Unbounded : the eighteenth century mirrored by the present
Deathbed selfie
Why painting now? : curated by _vienna 2013
Artists as researchers : a new paradigm for art education in Europe
Theatre, exhibition, and curation : displayed & performed
Curationism : how curating took over the art world and everything else
The crime scene of representation : a case study of the visual identity of the exhibition Rauma Biennale Balticum 2014
Locating the Producers explores how 'durational' processes to public art curating and commissioning have emerged as an alternative to nomadic, itinerant and short-termist approaches in recent years. It provides an in-depth analysis of five durational projects as its starting point: The Blue House, and Beyond, the Netherlands, Trekroner Art Plan, Denmark, and Creative Egremont, and the Edgeware Road Project, United Kingdom.
Curating in the 21st century
The culture of curating and the curating of culture(s)
Museums and communities : curators, collections and collaboration
Theater of exhibitions
Curating subjects
Curating immateriality : the work of the curator in the age of network systems
Art without capitalism
Documenting performance : the context and processes of digital curation and archiving
Imagining the audience : viewing positions in curatorial and artistic practice
Thinking contemporary curating
Curating has been a key concept both in and outside the art world in the past few years, with the remit of what a curator does having changed and expanded with each new exhibition or biennale. With an emphasis on the ‘now’ and the most recent exhibitions, this book examines the variety and richness of curating practices today, from public commissions by Art Angel to experimental projects such as the 'Ghetto Biennale' in Haiti or the Rhizome digital archive. --
Curation nation : how to win in a world where consumers are creators
What happens to art when feminism grips the curatorial imagination? How do sexual politics become realised as exhibits? Is the struggle against gender discrimination compatible with the aspirations of museums led by market values? Beginning with the feminist critique of the art exhibition in the 1970s and concluding with reflections on intersectional curating and globalisation after 2000, this pioneering collection offers an alternative narrative of feminism's impact on art. The essays provide rigorous accounts of developments in Scandinavia, Eastern and Southern Europe as well as the UK and US, framed by an introduction which offers a politically engaging navigation of historical and current positions. Delivered through essays, memoirs and interviews, discussion highlights include the Tate Modern hang, relational aesthetics, the global exhibition, feminism and technology in the museum, the rise of curatorial collectivism, and insights into major exhibitions such as Gender Check on Eastern Europe.--
The curatorial : a philosophy of curating
Ways of curating
Curating with light luggage : reflections, discussions and revisions
Pigeons on the grass alas : contemporary curators talk about the field
Commissioning contemporary art : a handbook for curators and artists
Rethinking disability representation in museums and galleries
Locating the producers : durational approaches to public art
It's all mediating : outlining and incorporating the roles of curating and education in the exhibition context / edited by Kaija Kaitavuori, Laura Kokkonen and Nora Sternfeld ; produced by the Finnish Association for Museum Education Pedaali
Curating now : imaginative practice, public responsibility
A pedagogy of witnessing : curatorial practice and the pursuit of social justice
The new curator (researcher), (commissioner), (keeper), (interpreter), (producer), (collaborator)
Religious objects in museums : private lives and public duties
Field tripping : crossing ruptures, staying in pathways, passing thresholds : searching for a way in and out in curatorial positioning
Hot topics, public culture, museums
What makes a great exhibition?
Art is a problem : selected criticism, essays, interviews and curatorial projects (1986-2011)
Alienation in the white cube : an educational perspective on curating
Gallery as community : art, education, politics
Men in black : handbook of curatorial practice = Handbuch der kuratorischen Praxis
Drawing on his own experiences and inspirations - from staging his first exhibition in his tiny Zurich kitchen in 1986 to encounters and conversations with artists, exhibition makers and thinkers alive and dead - Hans Ulrich Obrist's Ways of Curating looks to inspire all those engaged in the creation of culture
It's all mediating: outlining and incorporating the roles of curating and education in the exhibition context
