http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2718 biographical history
biographical history personal history
The letters of Rosa Luxemburg
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
March. Book 1
Emil Acks story
Jamie McLennan spent twenty years playing professional hockey. Sort of. As the backup for such legendary goalies as Grant Fuhr, Ron Hextall, Roberto Luongo, and Miikka Kiprusoff, he saw everything—except much playing time. In The Best Seat in the House, McLennan looks back on his unique career, from breaking into the NHL, to working with the legends, to life on the road and in the league, offering readers an unprecedented glimpse into life inside the locker room.
The Macmillan dictionary of women's biography
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL, inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
Merce Cunningham
The men who ruled India. 1, The founders
This book brings together life stories from five generations of Balts, living through the diverse and recurring transformations of the twentieth century: occupations, war, independence, totalitarianism, and democratic rule and market economy. The twentieth century history of the Baltic countries has often been deeply tragic. Lying on the coastline of the Baltic Sea, these rather small but strategically well located territories have historically found themselves in the middle of many power struggles between larger states, empires and other power-holders: the Teutonic Knights, Swedish kings, Tsarist Russia, Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union. Today, they are once again forced to stand up to the Russian Federation. Biographical interviewing is a field focused on individuals, and on how those individuals choose to re-create and present their lived lives, make meaning of it through the narratives they tell. To interpret the biographical narrations of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians, shaped by complex and controversial historical background, the authors use Pierre Bourdieu's concept of social and cultural capitals, the principles of Erving Goffman's framing analysis and Alessandro Portelli's distinction of private and public spheres, Anton Steen's investigations of post-Socialist elites and Piotr Sztompka's theory of cultural trauma, etc. Given analyses of particular biographical narrations are supplemented by brief historical and sociological overviews, which allow the reader to better understand the contexts of lived lives, and the mental atmosphere in which the interviews were conducted.
""A collection of direct quotes from Richard Branson on topics related to business, entrepreneurship, the Virgin Group, philanthropy, and life"--Provided by publisher"--
"Richard Branson, who has been called "England's most outrageous billionaire," is also one of the world's most successful business leaders. Since the age of 16, when he founded Student magazine, Branson has been creating companies and finding innovative ways to grow them into the prodigious conglomerate known as the Virgin Group. At the age of 20, Branson founded a mail-order record retailer. Two years later he built a recording studio where the first artist signed to his Virgin label, Mike Oldfield, recorded the haunting soundtrack to The Exorcist. Decades later, industries as varied as entertainment (Virgin Music), retail (Virgin Megastores), transportation (Virgin Airlines), and telecommunications (Virgin Mobile) all bear Branson's business moniker. For the first time, the most thought-provoking, revealing, and inspiring quotes from Branson are compiled in a single book.  Virgin Rebel: Richard Branson in His Own Words is a comprehensive guidebook to the inner workings of the Virgin Group chairman and founder. Hundreds of Branson's best quotes, comprising thoughts on business, music, entrepreneurship, politics, exploration, and life lessons, provide an intimate and direct look into the mind of this modern business icon. "--
The dictionary of Welsh biography, 1941-1970 : together with a supplement to The dictionary of Welsh biography down to 1940
Liquid City. volume two
Nobel Prize women in science : their lives, struggles, and momentous discoveries
Chernobyl prayer : a chronicle of the future
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Complete dictionary of scientific biography
The heart of everything that is : the untold story of Red Cloud, an American legend
J. D. Bernal : the sage of science
Ecumenical pilgrims : profiles of pioneers in Christian reconciliation
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
Brave companions : portraits in history
Carl Maria von Weber
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
My Scottish youth
The 100 : a ranking of the most influential persons in history
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Leaders of the French Revolution
My way : a Muslim woman's journey
Muistojen perusviiva = Baseline of memories
Bad Girls Throughout History features some of the fiercest women of all time - the famous, the infamous, and the ones you haven't even heard of yet. Explore the notable works, impressive feats, and striking portraits of these wild women from around the globe who challenged the status quo.
The civilian writers of DoctorsĆommons, London : three centuries of juristic innovation in comparative, commercial and international law
Bismarck
Old worlds to new : the age of exploration and discovery
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
The Invisible core : a potter`s life and thoughts
A series of reflections on the author's experiences learning a new language and living abroad, in a dual-language edition.
The eye of the elephant : an epic adventure in the African wilderness
Haydn : Haydn in England 1791-1795
Martin Luther King, Jr. : his life, martyrdom and meaning for the world
Profiles in courage
A delicate shade of pink : the lives of Hella Wuolijoki and Salme Dutt in the service of revolution
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Chambonnières : a thematic catalogue : the complete works of Jacques Champion de Chambonnières (1601/02-1672)
Hungry heart : adventures in life, love, and writing
Into the wild
1001 amazing facts about the best bands : unofficial & unauthorised. Volume 1.
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Musicweb encyclopaedia of popular music
Twenty explorers
Silk and ink : what were silk wallets, and what can they, together with Jacobina Charlotta Munterhjelm's diary, tell us about the gentry women's lives in the 18th and 19th century?
In the world of Sumer : an autobiography
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Classic country : legends of country music
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
Vagina : a new biography
Ma, He Sold Me for a Few Cigarettes
Alvar Aalto : the mark of the hand
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
Baker's biographical dictionary of musicians
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
Jane Austen, the secret radical
John Amos Comenius 1592-1670 : selections : in commemoration of the third centenary of the publication of Opera didactica omnia 1657-1957
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
Tropiikin valo = Lights oh the tropics : Akseli Gallen-Kallelan Afrikka = Akseli Gallen-Kallela's Africa 1909-10
Mina's story : a doctor's memoir of the Holocaust
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
Careless whispers : the life & career of George Michael
The warrior queens : Boadicea's chariot
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
Son of a gun : a memoir
The gentle subversive : Rachel Carson, Silent spring, and the rise of the environmental movement
Tom Waits on Tom Waits : interviews and encounters
Dancers of the ballet : biographies
The world's great men of music
César Ritz : life and work
The Golden Age of ancient Greek civilisation lasted from 490 to 336 BC. Never has there been such a multiplication of varied talents and genius within so limited a period. This book concentrates on the individuals in the cultural, social, artisitic and political history of the Classical Greeks, who shaped their own and future civilisations. He asks what gave rise to such outstanding achievement in the cultural, philosphical, scientific and literary spheres.
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
Vieno Johannes Sukselainen was born in Paimio on 12 October 1906. His mother was a single woman who worked as a seamstress. Sukselainen matriculated from high school in 1927 and earned his masters degree in 1931. Sukselainens doctoral dissertation, Co-operatives as a business model, was approved in 1939. Sukselainen traveled to various countries during the 1930s to conduct research for his dissertation, including Germany, Switzerland, France and Sweden. He was actively involved in student politics and later in the 1930s also got involved in the activities of the Agrarian League. Although neither farmer nor Member of Parliament, Sukselainen was elected chairman of the Agrarian League in 1945. His chairmanship lasted nearly two decades, until 1964, and his contributions were mainly in the area of political economy and social policy. Sukselainen was a member of parliament almost without interruption from 1948 to 1978, and was Speaker in 1956-58, 1968-69 and 1972-75. Sukselainen occupied the post of Minister of Finance in 1950-51 and 1954, Minister of the Interior in 1951-53, and Prime Minister in 1957 and 1959-61. He also served as a university lecturer and professor of political economy throughout the 1940s and 50s, director of the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 1954-71 and Chancellor of the University of Tampere in 1969-78. A founder of the Family Federation, Sukselainen was also its ? rst chairman from 1941 until 1971. Sukselainen and Elma Bondn, M.A., married on 6 July 1938 and had four children. V.J. Sukselainen died in 1995. .
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
Meryl Streep story
No abstract
Music and medicine. [Vol. 3], Chopin, Smetana, Tchaikovsky, Mahler : notes on their lives, works, and medical histories
The music of Béla Bartók
The art of adventure
Secondhand time : the last of the Soviets
Rachmaninoff : his life and times
So many Everests
Suomen talouselämän johtajia = Vem är vem i Finlands ekonomiska liv = Who's who in the economic life of Finland
Suomalaisten kirjailijain muotokuvia Werner Söderström osakeyhtiön veistoskokoelmasta = Finska författareporträtt i Werner Söderström osakeyhtiös skulptursamling = Portraits of Finnish authors in the collections of Werner Söderström osakeyhtiö
The princess diarist
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
Agatha Christie's Miss Marple : the complete novels in one sitting
Sam Walton : made in America, me story
Wondrous strange : The life and art of Glenn Gould
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
Buffering : unshared tales of a life fully loaded
Tibetan peach pie : a true account of an imaginative life
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
E. P. Thompson : objections and oppositions
The telling room : a story of love, betrayal, revenge, and the world's greatest piece of cheese
Oleta pyöreä tuoli : Eero Aarnion 60-luku = Assume a round chair : Eero Aarnio and the 60's
Titanic lives : migrants and millionaires, conmen and crew
A life for dance : reminiscences
Tuesdays with Morrie : an old man, a young man, and life's greatest lesson
Born a crime : and other stories
Early memoirs : Bronislava Nijinska
The letters and diaries of Oskar Schlemmer
Dancing on my grave : an autobiography
Makers of modern Africa : profiles in history
100-year Anniversary of the Birth of V.J. Sukselainen, Founder of Väestöliitto
Autobiography by women in German
Conductors : a new generation
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
Gallaudet : friend of the Deaf
The Hollywood icon best known for her role in "Star Wars" shares interconnected essays exploring her life as the child of Hollywood royalty, adventures on the sets of "Star Wars," and struggles with biploar disorder.
Baltic biographies at historical crossroads
Twenty names in medicine
Maestro Francisco Correa de Arauxo's (1584-1654) Facultad orgánica as a Source of Performance Practice
In other words
An American scholar in Finland
Alvar Aalto : What & When
Many worlds: a Russian life
Sixty by six : these years of ours
The men who ruled India. 2, The guardians
What my mother gave me : thirty-one women on the gifts that mattered most
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
Hidden figures : the American dream and the untold story of the Black women mathematicians who helped win the space race
By the time he retired, Brad Park had surpassed the great Bobby Orr in career assists by a defenseman. Inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame the first year he was eligible, and later named one of the Top 100 NHL players of all time by The Hockey News, Park will forever be remembered as one of the greatest men ever to take the ice. The first and only authorized biography of Park's life and career, Straight Shooter: The Brad Park Story, delves deeper into his legendary success than any book has before, bringing together exclusive, candid insights from Park himself, as well as interviews with dozens of players, family members, and key figures from the hockey world. Covering Park's early years growing up in Toronto, to his first exposure to the NHL with the New York Rangers and his stellar performance with the Boston Bruins, through the twilight of his career and retirement, the book examines every aspect of his remarkable life in unprecedented detail. Giving hockey fans a full, frank look at the career of an NHL legend—including the challenges Park faced in his personal life, including caring for his physically handicapped son—Straight Shooter is a fascinating look at one of the game's true greats. - Covers Park's life in detail, from his time with the Rangers and Bruins to his experiences with Team Canada in the 1972 Summit Series.
The World's great men of music
God save the kinks : A Biography
American Indian leaders : studies in diversity
Conversations with Karajan
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Thomas Telford  : an illustrated life of Thomas Telford 1757-1834
Oscar Wilde : a life in letters
Melanchthon
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
The great conductors
"Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive style of oral history, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of Communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals. When the Swedish Academy awarded Svetlana Alexievich the Nobel Prize in Literature, they praised her 'polyphonic writings, a monument to suffering and courage in our time,' and cited her for inventing 'a new kind of literary genre.' Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, added that her work comprises 'a history of emotions--a history of the soul'"--
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
Robert Kennedy : his life
Lives of the English poets. 1
The magic lantern : an autobiography
The human tradition in Mexico
Pioneers of modern physical training
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
The file : a personal history
Women who kill : profiles of female serial killers
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
Movers & Shakers : Deaf People Who Changed the World
My first five husbands — and the ones who got away
The entrepreneur : eight case studies
Girl in the dark
Anton von Webern : perspectives
Are you a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer, One Direction, The Vamps and other similar bands? Do you want to know all the inside info on your favourite music acts, from how they first got together to their relationships, likes, dislikes and interesting facts previously known only to those closest to the bands themselves? If so, then this is the book for you. Containing one hundred facts on each band (plus one final bonus fact on 5SOS) this book will make you the master of all rock and pop knowledge! So whether it’s Harry Styles and his mates, Luke Hemmings & co, Brad Simpson and friends or any of the other seven groups featured, this is the perfect book for you!
Portraits of discovery : profiles in scientific genius
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
I was born there, I was born here
Elon Musk : Tesla, SpaceX, and the quest for a fantastic future
Rachmaninoff
Furiously happy : a funny book about horrible things
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
Who's better, who's best in hockey? : setting the record straight on the top 50 hockey players of the expansion era
Stravinsky and the new classicism : a critical history, 1911 - 1928
The Silesian town of Bedzin lies a mere twenty-five miles from Auschwitz. Through its linked ghettos and that of its neighboring town, some 85,000 Jews passed on their way to slave labor or the gas chambers. The principal civilian administrator of Bedzin, Udo Klausa, was a happily married family man. He was also responsible for implementing Nazi policies towards the Jews in his area - inhumane processes that were the precursors of genocide. Yet he later claimed, like so many other Germans after the war, that he had 'known nothing about it.' This book re-creates Udo Klausa's story. Using a wealth of personal letters, memoirs, testimonies, interviews and other sources, the author pieces together his role in the unfolding stigmatization and degradation of the Jews under his authority, as well as the heroic attempts at resistance on the part of some of his victims.Portrayed is a fascinating insight into the inner conflicts of a Nazi functionary who, throughout, considered himself a 'decent' man. She also explores the conflicting memories and evasions of his life after the war. But the book is much more than a portrayal of an individual man. Udo Klausa's case is so important because it is in many ways so typical. Behind Klausa's story is the larger story of how countless local functionaries across the Third Reich facilitated the murderous plans of a relatively small number among the Nazi elite - and of how those plans could never have been realized, on the same scale, without the diligent cooperation of these generally very ordinary administrators. As the author shows, men like Klausa 'knew' and yet mostly suppressed this knowledge, performing their day jobs without apparent recognition of their own role in the system, or any sense of personal wrongdoing or remorse - either before or after 1945.This account is no ordinary historical reconstruction. For the author did not discover Udo Klausa amongst the archives, she has known the Klausa family all her life. She had no inkling of her subject's true role in the Third Reich until a few years ago, a discovery that led directly to this inescapably personal professional history.
Mayor Rob Ford : Uncontrollable : how I tried to help the world's most notorious mayor
Where bears roam the streets : a Russian journal
Twenty inventors
The classical Greeks
A portrait of the life and career of investment guru Warren Buffett sheds new light on the man, as well as on the work, ideas, business principles, strategies, and no-nonsense insights that have guided his phenomenally successful business endeavors.
An unfinished autobiography : with contributions by his friends
The unmaking of a dancer : an unconventional life
Red spies in America : stolen secrets and the dawn of the Cold War
American Evita : Hillary Clinton's path to power
The dictionary of Welsh biography down to 1940 : under the auspices of The honourable society of Cymmrodorion
The autobiography of Yukichi Fukuzawa
Liszt, Carolyne, and the Vatican : the story of a thwarted marriage as it emerges from the original Church documents
Sorry not sorry : dreams, mistakes, and growing up
Pure lives : the early biographers
Isis in Babylonia?
The Tom Jones quiz book : 100 questions on the singing legend
Who lived where in Europe : a biographical guide to homes and museums
Chopin : the reluctant romantic
Vegan freak : being vegan in a non-vegan world : version 2.0, revised, expanded, and updated
Haydn : a documentary study with 220 illustrations, 44 in colour
Koreans to remember : fifty famous people who helped shape Korea
The education of a British-protected child : essays
Portraits in British history
"From the 2015 winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, Svetlana Alexievich, comes the first English translation of her latest work, an oral history of the disintegration of the Soviet Union and the emergence of a new Russia. Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive documentary style, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals"--
Encyclopedia of music in Canada = Encyclopédie de la musique au Canada
Fortunate son : my life, my music
Lexicon grammaticorum : a bio-bibliographical companion to the history of linguistics
Straight shooter : the Brad Park story
Bad girls throughout history
Lives on the line : voices for change from the Thailand-Burma border
Virgin rebel : Richard Branson in his own words
