http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2719 blogs
blogs
Problogger : secrets for blogging your way to a six-figure income
Systematically and mercilessly realigning the world of cycling
Abstract.  The aim of this bachelor thesis was to clarify the principles of successful online marketing practices and to identify the best suitable advertisement placement on a case blog as well as to conduct a traffic and keyword analysis. The theoretical part of the thesis examined the process of creating a free online business. The emphasis was on creating good keyword focused content, importance of organic traffic, and to understand the principles of contextual advertising on the net. The empirical study was done collecting advertisement performance data over a period of one month. Three different advertisement groups performed for ten days each. The purpose was to identify if there was significant changes in the click-through-rate of the advertisements.  Also traffic and keyword related information was gathered during the same time period as the advertisement performance tests. The research indicated that even though the placements were already done according to recommendations by Google there were significant differences between the best and the worst performing advertisement units.     The traffic related information suggested that most of the visitors arrive through search engines and some through referrals whereas, the keyword analysis revealed a very limited keyword supply through which the visitors find the blog.
Provides clear, step-by-step instructions for tackling 150 tasks with WordPress. Each task-based spread covers a single technique, sure to help you get up and running on WordPress in no time.
What no one ever tells you about blogging and podcasting : real-life advice from 101 people who successfully leverage the power of the blogosphere
Summary in Finnish.
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
Allegra lab : anthropology, law, art, world
The ultimate guide to using WordPress to make your life easier WordPress guru Thord Daniel Hedengren takes you beyond the blog to give you the tools and know-how needed to build just about anything in WordPress. You'll discover how to use WordPress as a CMS to power fully-fledged websites, photo galleries, forums, Commerce sites, and much more. You get step-by step instructions on developing model sites from the ground up and how to utilize and build plugins that let you take WordPress to the next level. You will learn how to: Use custom post types and custom taxonomies Add and work with custom headers, backgrounds, and more Build gorgeous WordPress themes with the latest features Create custom login forms and admin themes Control content with the loop (and alternatives to the loop) Integrate theme options and the theme customizer Extend WordPress with widget functionality Build WordPress projects for SEO Integrate WordPress with the social web Create helpful navigation using the navigation menu Use conditional control elements Get started with your own responsive themes Updated and revised to cover the changes to WordPress 3.8 , Smashing WordPress: Beyond the Blog, 4 th Edition, is the ultimate guide to getting the most out of WordPress.
Abstract.
A survey on web 2.0
Gossiping about sexuality : a critical discourse analysis of a gossip blog
Theatricalization of self : personal blogs as theatre performance
Swedish market entry strategy utilizing Internet marketing: the utilization of Internet marketing in a cost effective and efficient way to market a virtual world
Fashion blogs : a part of companies' marketing communication strategies?
Corporate blogging for dummies
Developing web blog system for developer`s Helsinki Oy
Bloggers or journalists? : a study of interactivity and representation in news weblogs
Ari Rusila's BalkanBlog : Balkans, The Middle East, EU and conflicts
Evaluating corporate social media use : on facebook, twitter and blogs
Start your own blogging business : generate income from advertisers, subscribers, merchandising, and more
How to blog for profit without selling your soul
Who let the blogs out? : a hyperconnected peek at the world of weblogs
Head first WordPress
Strategies and tools for corporate blogging
Humor in feminist blogging and online activism
The blogization of journalism : how blogs politicize media and social space in Russia
Blogs as Part of a Company's Integrated Marketing Communications Strategy
RSS and Atom in action : Web 2.0 building blocks
Apples and oranges : a comparative analysis of blogs and marketing texts which share an audience
Politician weblogs in Finland : members of Parliament as bloggers
Motivations and domain specificity in intercultural adaptation : bloggers' experiences in their new host countries
Finding customers through social media
Allison Hewitt is trapped
Advertising In Fashion Blogs
Inbound marketing : attract, engage, and delight customers online
Blog monetization using Google Adsense
The objective of the thesis was to provide Metso Mining and Construction, a traditional business-to-business company, with in-depth knowledge of corporate blogging as a channel of conveying expertise of the company and creating interaction with its customers in a more personal way. The objective was to find out the benefits, challenges and opportunities of blogging and to evaluate the characteristics of a good blog. The thesis also aimed to discuss how corporate blogs could help Metso to increase the interaction with its customers. Based on the study, the purpose was to provide Metso with a blog framework and the guidelines for blogging for the marketing communications department to use in the future. The study was done by using qualitative research method. The data was collected by interviewing experts working for Metso as well as benchmarking the competitors that are successfully utilizing corporate blogging in their marketing communications. For the theoretical framework of the thesis business-to-business marketing communications as well as content marketing and blogging as a concept were studied. The main results of the thesis imply that corporate blogging should always be based on the needs of the customers in order to provide them valuable content. Other important factors are the findability and visibility of the blog as well a personal, transparent and truthful way to share the expertise of the company. Based on the results of the thesis, a blog framework as well as guidelines for blogging were constructed for Metso Mining and Construction. It was also highlighted that Metso Mining and Construction should be well familiar with the needs of its customer base in order to provide them with valuable, thoughtful content. The content should be linked to surrounding digital environment as well as the field of industry Metso operates in. Due to sensitive information that is for Metso's internal use only, pages from 23 to 51 were marked as confidential and not to be published.
Monetizing Online : An analysis of monetization methods across three Web content platforms: Web series, podcasts & blogs
Feedback
Online marketing : a user's manual
Language alternation and expert identity construction in fashion blog Dirty pretty things
Finnish summary.
Swedish market entry strategy utilizing Internet marketing : the utilization of Internet marketing in a cost effective and efficient way to market a virtual world onto the Swedish market
How to be a blogger and vlogger in 10 easy lessons
How do companies communicate with private bloggers? : a study on the roles and approaches companies use to form co-operations with private bloggers
Blackout
Abstract: Blogging about Disneyland Paris.
Part confessional, part drunken-rant-on-the-bus, Girl on the Net guides us through the lessons a thirty-something sex blogger has learned about sex and love. This book takes us on a journey that begins with a happy ending and goes swiftly downhill from there, dismantling some of our myths about romance along the way as she weaves her own relationship issues and surprises through candid personal stories and weird facts gathered from three years of sex blogging.
Smashing WordPress : beyond the blog
Authorial identity in awarded blogs
The creative person's website builder : how to make a pro website yourself using WordPress and other easy tools
Blog on : the essential guide to building dynamic Weblogs
Lifestyle blogs as business : case studies in Finland
Blogosphere and its exploration
The utilization of blogs, wikis and RSS feeds in the organizational communication of publicly listed industrial companies in the Tampere economic area : case companies: Nokian Tyres Plc and Glaston Corporation
Ai Weiwei's blog : writings, interviews, and digital rants, 2006-2009
Urbantumblr : a collection of post-posts /a pseudoblog as practice
Developing and establishing a blogger outreach strategy : case ElämysLahjat.fi
Get seen : online video secrets to building your business
The dynamics of marketing have changed rapidly during the past five years, bringing new opportunities as well as challenges for marketers. As people are becoming less responsive to traditional means of marketing, the various social media have become a relevant part of companies' daily media mix. Social media have also increased their popularity among mothers in the UK and the concept of “mummy blogging” has come into being. As these bloggers are very influential, they are valuable targets for marketers. This is also a current concern for Cupcake Mum which is a members' club for families, particularly for mothers and mothers-to-be. This London-based company was the sponsor organisation of this thesis study. The purpose of this thesis was to study the marketing prospects of social media and to ascertain how to best use them as a strategic marketing channel to reach families, mothers and expectant mothers, which form the target audience of Cupcake Mum. The objective of the study was to learn what social media platforms the target group uses, how often they use them and for what reasons. The theoretical section reflects on the social media revolution and discusses the mummy blogging phenomenon in the UK. A quantitative study method was used to obtain more practical information as the research wanted to study the interests, behaviour, and motivations towards social media of the research group, i.e. Cupcake Mum. A social media survey was conducted among the members of Cupcake Mum through an electronic newsletter, and the data were collected in spring 2011. An observation that emerged throughout this entire social media research study is that the world of mothers is complex and busy. Therefore, this specific target group can be very challenging for a marketer to reach. In the social media survey, Facebook proved to be the most popular social media platform among members, since most of the respondents use this medium daily. However, it is crucial to use various social media platforms, as UK mothers seem to search for information from a number of sources. Using social media tools ensures that Cupcake Mum Ltd can take advantage of various user-friendly and familiar channels related to different kinds of club member interactions.
Click here : (to find out how I survived seventh grade)
Development of a blog system using CodeIgniter framework
Creative blogging : your first steps to a succesful blog
It's the difference between surviving life and living life. It's the difference between taking a shower and teaching your monkey butler how to shampoo your hair. Jenny Lawson - aka The Bloggess - returns with the follow-up to her bestselling memoir Let's Pretend This Never Happened, recounting stories from everyday family life in her inimitably frank, hilarious, bizarre and endearing way. She describes her battles with depression and anxiety and her quest to overcome them by saying yes to even the absurdist opportunities and making the good times gloriously good. For as Jenny says: 'You can't experience pain without also experiencing the baffling and ridiculous moments of being fiercely, unapologetically, intensely and (above all) furiously happy...' It's a philosophy that has - quite literally - saved her life.
Public Relations and the Social Web : how to use social media and web 2.0 in communications
Foodista best of food blogs cookbook : 100 great recipes, photographs, and voices
Outsourced blogging : an asset for small and medium enterprises
Cost effect marketing communication solutions for a small design company : Rantakoski Designs
How to promote Massidea.org to Nigerian universities to achieve cooperation in the future
Riley Cavanaugh is many things: Punk rock. Snarky. Rebellious. And gender fluid. Some days Riley identifies as a boy, and others as a girl. But Riley isn't exactly out yet. And between starting a new school and having a congressman father running for reelection in uber-conservative Orange County, the pressure media and otherwise is building up in Riley's life.On the advice of a therapist, Riley starts an anonymous blog to vent those pent-up feelings and tell the truth of what it's really like to be a gender fluid teenager. But just as Riley's starting to settle in at school - even developing feelings for a mysterious outcast - the blog goes viral, and an unnamed commenter discovers Riley's real identity, threatening exposure. And Riley must make a choice: walk away from what the blog has created - a lifeline, new friends, a cause to believe - in or stand up, come out, and risk everything.
"Intellectually exhausted and increasingly desperate" versus "flat-out false and reeks of desperation" : how the blogs of the candidates in the American presidential election of 2012 create a negative image of the opponent
Hotels of North America : a novel
Mom blogging for dummies
Google Blogger for dummies
The golden rules of blogging (& when to break them)
Videoblogging for dummies
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Brand identity development for an individual : case : Blondinbella – from blog to brand
Blogging all-in-one for dummies
Politeness strategies in weblog comments
Podcasting and blogging : with GarageBand and iWeb
What do bloggers think about Iittala and how does the company want to be visible in social media
The use of blogs as a persuasive instrument : examining the case of online discussions of social injustice in the Russian Federation
Americanah
Problogger: secrets for blogging your way to a six-figure income
Blogging for dummies
www.r4photobiology.info : R packages for photobiology
Professional blogging for dummies
Google secrets : do what you never thought possible with Google
Towards a democratic EU : online communication ia an organisational and civil context
I just want to pee alone : a collection of humorous essays
Create your own photo blog
Sam's teach yourself blogging in a snap
Create your own website the easy way : [the complete guide to getting you or you business online]
The year without pants : WordPress.com and the future of work
Digital content marketing in the business-to-business context : a case study on marketing communications agencies
Creating web pages for dummies
A genre analysis of academic research blogs
FEEDBACK is a full-length Newsflesh novel which overlaps the events of the acclaimed and New York Times bestselling novel FEED. For the first time it reveals what happened from the perspective of reporters covering the Democrats' side of the story. There are two sides to every story...The year was 2014. We had cured cancer. We had beat the common cold. But in doing so we unleashed something horrifying and unstoppable. The infection spread leaving those afflicted with a single uncontrollable impulse: FEED. Now, twenty years after the Rising, a team of scrappy underdog reporters relentlessly pursue the truth while competing against the superstar Masons, surrounded by the infected, and facing more insidious forces working in the shadows.
Wordpress web design for dummies
40 days of dating
The OMG blog
Participation and media production : critical reflections on content creation
Teach yourself visually WordPress
Hack : stories from a Chicago cab
"Guys, you know what I mean. And Ladies you probably do too." : other reference and audience specification in blogs
Blogistan : the internet and politics in Iran
Tackling Tumblr : web publishing made simple
Clear blogging : how people blogging are changing the world and how you can join them
WordPress for dummies
The vampire hunters
The grand voyage : the experience, the narrated experience and the experience economy : an analysis of ocean cruisers' travel blogs
WordPress all-in-one for dummies
Online representation of the self : self-branding in four fitness blogs
A food sociological analysis of the Finnish Christmas meal tradition in English language blogs by Finns
The blonde salad
Me, myself and my online character : a study on first person deixis in a corpus of virtual world blogs
Dispatches from Blogistan : a travel guide for the modern blogger
Style feed : the world's top fashion blogs
Depression and expression in blog diaries
Big woo! : Serafina67 urgently requires life
Why do people produce content to user generated media? : a study of bloggers' motivations
Developing social media marketing for Cupcake Mum Ltd
Maintaining and Extending Social Networks in IRC-galleria
Wordpress 2.7 complete : create your own complete blog or website from scratch with WordPress
When to rob a bank : a rogue economist's guide to the world
Symptoms of being human
Blogging for creatives : how designers, artists, crafters and writers can blog to make contacts, win business and build success
Corporate blog as a listening device : designing the blogging guidelines for Metso Mining and Construction
The blog as a communication tool : an analysis of Finnish museums' blogs
Features of online action in Russian blogosphere : a case study research of an ad hoc movement in St. Petersburg
Furiously happy : a funny book about horrible things
Blog marketing in tourism : case study: Outdoors Finland for Bloggers 2014
Music goes social! : music startups' viewpoints on marketing communications, social media and music industry
The dress
Online word-of-mouth : Influences on brand perceptions and choices
The science of marketing : when to tweet, what to post, how to blog, and other proven strategies
WordPress complete : a comrehensive, step by step guide on how to set up, customize, and market your blog using WordPress
The purpose of this thesis was to offer cost and time effective marketing communication solutions for a small interior design company Rantakoski Designs. Rantakoski Designs is located in Helsinki and operated only by Anna Rantakoski, the owner of the company. The product range of Rantakoski Designs consists of colorful, ecological and all self-made design fabrics and items that bring beauty and joy to every home. Rantakoski Designs' vision is to gain higher market share and flow of new customers of the company. The greatest challenge Rantakoski Designs has, however, is the lack of resources that comes with sole-entrepreneurship. Rantakoski Designs has been active in social media and gained some space every now and then also in press, but fails to find both time and money for large marketing campaigns that would result to desired business growth.  For that reason this thesis investigated the possibilities of new, upcoming and fresh marketing method that is especially suitable for companies with limited resources like Rantakoski Designs – blog marketing. During this project lifestyle, interior design and fashion bloggers in Finland were contacted, out of which four most suitable ones were selected and recommended for Rantakoski Designs in order to target selected customer segments and promote distinct product categories. Additionally, as Rantakoski Designs did not possess a customer data base or registry beforehand, a small customer research was conducted in order to gain valid information to base marketing decisions on.
How to make money with your blog : the ultimate reference guide for building, optimizing, and monetizing your blog
Developing a web based archiving application using mobile multimedia
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
How a bad girl fell in love
Facebook for dummies
WordPress : the missing manual : the book that should have been in the box
Internet simplified
Web log pre-processing
The Washingtonienne
Using social media effectively in the classroom : blogs, wikis, Twitter, and more
Cultural heritage in social media : Museum of Photography
Teach yourself visually Wordpress : [the fast and easy way to learn]
Blogosphere : best of blogs
"Hello my lovely readers!" : a study of address in blogs by English-speaking females
Constructing consumer femininities : a study of young female bloggers' portrayal of consumption in fashion blogs
Stake out!
Original and adopted code-switching in Finnish fashion and lifestyle blogs
How to do everything with your web 2.0 blog
Research & Study
