http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2717 diaries
diaries
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
Inside Lincoln's White House : the complete Civil War diary of John Hay
In Spitzbergen : a trip diary
Diary of a wimpy kid. 5, The ugly truth
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
The duchess diaries
House of shadows
The Andy Warhol diaries
Access denied (and other eight grade error messages) : a novel
The letters and journals of Simon Fraser
Ready or not
Diary of the dark years, 1940-1944 : collaboration, resistance, and daily life in occupied Paris
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Princess in waiting
Maintaining and Extending Social Networks in IRC-galleria
The Race for the South Pole : the expedition diaries of Scott and Amundsen
Sweet sixteen princess : a princess diaries book
Winston Churchill : the struggle for survival 1940-1965 : taken from the diaries of lord Moran
Bridget Jones finds herself unexpectedly pregnant at the eleventh hour. However, her joyful pregnancy is dominated by one crucial but awkward question --who is the father? Could it be honorable, decent, notable human rights lawyer, Mark Darcy? Or, is it charming, witty, and totally despicable, Daniel Cleaver?
Through a glass
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
Princess Mia
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
Old men in love : John Tunnock's posthumous papers
Drawing from life the journal as art
Megastar : the fincredible diary of Fin Spencer
It's in his kiss
Bincheo
Boswell for the defence, 1769-1774
The wimpy kid movie diary : how Greg Heffley went Hollywood
Art Journal Freedom : How To Journal Creatively With Color And Composition / Dina Wakely
Princess in the spotlight
Extreme risk : a life fighting the bombmakers
The diary of a young girl : the definitive edition
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
Princess in training
British diaries : an annotated bibliography of British diaries written between 1442 and 1942
The lost days
Struck by lightning
Diary of a fly
A selection from the diaries of Edward Henry Stanley, 15th Earl of Derby (1826-93), between September 1869 and March 1878
Bridget Jones's baby : the diaries
The illustrated Pepys : extracts from the diary
Reflections on the Middle East, 1958-1983 : extracts from the political diary
Secret scribbled notebooks
The accident
The Holmes affair
Mafeking diary : a black man's view of a white man's war
Daughter of fire : a diary of spiritual training with a Sufi master
Princess on the brink
Conversations with myself
Beyond the sea
Diaries of family workers: empowerment and working with families with children
Don't go where I can't follow
Diary of a wimpy kid. 9, The Long haul
The zombie autopsies : secret notebooks from the apocalypse
Diary of a Soviet schoolgirl 1932-1937
Journals mid-fifties : 1954-1958
The works of John Wesley. Volume 20, Journal and diaries III (1743-54)
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
The child diary as a research tool
Helga's Diary : a young girl's account of life in a concentration camp
Princess in pink
The princess diaries
The Greville diary : including passages hitherto withheld from publication
Incest : from "The journal of love" : the unexpurgated diary of Anaïs Nin, 1932-1934
The travel diary (1611-1612) of an English catholic Sir Charles Somerset
The extraordinary work of ordinary writing : Annie Ray's diary
The Gladstone diaries. Vol. 1, 1825-1832
The Midnight Rose : a novel
The hidden writer : diaries and the creative life
Bridesmaid-in-training
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
Boswell's London journal 1762-1763
Hidden in plain sight : how I sheltered a refugee
The diary of Martha Ballard, 1785-1812
Constitutional journal : a correspondent's report from the convention of 1787
The diary of John Holt
The fury
In search of a character : two African journals
The marriage diaries of Robert and Clara Schumann : from their wedding day through the Russia trip
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
Piece of mind
The works of John Wesley. Volume 23, Journal and diaries VI (1776-86)
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
The map of lost memories : a novel
Fragments of a journal
Archangel : a novel
I found your diary
The diary : a new research object
Notes for a journal
The works of John Wesley. Volume 18, Journal and diaries I (1735-38)
Dork Diaries. 7, Tales from a Not-So-Glam TV Star
The seriously extraordinary diary of Pig
The orchid house : a novel
The diary, 1709-1714
A tested method of laboratory organisation
The journals of Sylvia Plath
Born wicked
The reader on the 6.27
Korean works and days : notes from the diary of a country priest
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
The fourteenth chronicle : letters and diaries of John Dos Passos
The whispers of the fallen
Diary of a wimpy kid : cabin fever
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
All involved : a novel
Diary of the fall
An age of license
Prison diary and letters
Precocious
Must you go? : my life with Harold Pinter
My name is Mina : David Almond
Cloud atlas
Learning by heart
Writing the rock of Gibraltar : an anthology of literary texts, 1720-1890
Illustrated Journey : Inspiration From The Private Art Journals Of Traveling Artists, Illustrators And Designers
Journals of Dorothy Wordsworth : the Alfoxden journal, 1798; the Grasmere journals, 1800-1803
Winter shadows : a novel
A brief history of diaries : from Pepys to blogs
The works of John Wesley. Volume 22, Journal and diaries V (1765-75)
The Hollywood icon best known for her role in "Star Wars" shares interconnected essays exploring her life as the child of Hollywood royalty, adventures on the sets of "Star Wars," and struggles with biploar disorder.
The folded clock : a diary
The diary of a writer
The emperor of any place
American diaries : an annotated bibliography of American diaries : written prior to the year 1861
When the night whispers
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Kurkistus päiväkirjojen maailmaan : Kerttu Varjon päiväkirjat 1947-1962 = A look into the world of diaries : the diaries of Kerttu Varjo 1947-1962
Omg! is this actually my life? : Hattie Moore's unbelievable year!
American diaries 1902-1926
Cats : an anthology of stories and poems
The perfectionists
A writer's diary. Vol. 1, 1873-1876
Forever princess
Diary and autobiography of John Adams. Volume 1, Diary 1755-1770
The princess diarist
The memory of love
Before I go to sleep : a novel
Heart of darkness with the Congo diary
Making & Keeping creative journals
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
What Needs to be Considered When Implementing Prospective Diaries for Intensive Care Patients?
Are these my basoomas I see before me?. book 10.
Play it again : an amateur against the impossible
The works of John Wesley. Volume 21, Journal and diaries IV (1755-65)
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
Travelers of a hundred ages
Diary and autobiography of John Adams. Volume 2, Diary 1771-1781
An anthropologist at work : writings of Ruth Benedict
The painter
Go ask Alice
Diary and autobiography of John Adams. Volume 4, Autobiography. Parts 2 and 3: 1777-1780, index
The Grasmere journals : Dorothy Wordsworth
Princess in love
Ambassador's journal : a personal account of the Kennedy years
Explorers' sketchbooks : the art of discovery & adventure
"In the next installment of her graphic memoir series, Displacement, Knisley volunteers to watch over her ailing grandparents on a cruise. (The book's watercolors evoke the ocean that surrounds them.) In a book that is part graphic memoir, part travelogue, and part family history, Knisley not only tries to connect with her grandparents, but to reconcile their younger and older selves. She is aided in her quest by her grandfather's WWII memoir, which is excerpted. Readers will identify with Knisley's frustration, her fears, her compassion, and her attempts to come to terms with mortality, as she copes with the stress of travel complicated by her grandparents' frailty" --
Zombies : a record of the year of infection
Dawn to the West : Japanese literature of the modern era : fiction
The awakening
The expedition : a love story : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Buried alive!
A moment's liberty : the shorter diary
Trotsky's diary in exile 1935
Knocked out by my nunga-nungas
Dancing in my nuddy-pants
An Egyptian journal
Dork diaries : holiday heartbreak
Party princess
Datebooks 1965/65 : a facsimile edition
The journals of Joseph N. Nicollet: a scientist on the Mississippi headwaters : with notes on Indian life, 1836-37
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
The decorated journal : creating beautifully expressive journal pages
Journey into the self : being the letters, papers & journals of Leo Stein
Abstract.
The Gladstone diaries. 2, 1833-1839
Diary of a schoolteacher
Diary of a Wimpy Kid : the third wheel
The war years 1939-1945
Where the Indus is young : a winter in Baltistan
Rebel without a crew : or how a 23-year-old filmmaker with $7,000 became a Hollywood player
The book of lies
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
My fat, mad teenage diary
Dork diaries : once upon a dork
Diary of a wimpy kid. 8, Hard luck
Sophie in London, 1786 : being the diary of Sophie v. la Roche
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
An idiot abroad : the travel diaries of Karl Pilkington
Edith's diary
Diary and autobiography of John Adams. Volume 3, Diary 1782-1804 : Autobiography. Part 1: To October 1776
Mrs. Simcoe's diary
The shade of the moon
My name is Mina
Ein Tagebuch (aus d. Jahre 1982) = a diary (from the year 1982)
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
The works of John Wesley. Volume 19, Journal and diaries II (1738-43)
The good German of Nanking : the diaries of John Rabe
Silk and ink : what were silk wallets, and what can they, together with Jacobina Charlotta Munterhjelm's diary, tell us about the gentry women's lives in the 18th and 19th century?
An examination of nonresponse in a study on daily family life : I do not have time to participate, but I can tell you something about our life
Before I go to sleep
Franklin says I love you
The struggle
Across the Wide and Lonesome Prairie : The Oregon Trail Diary of Hattie Campbell 1847
