http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27192 boyfriends
boyfriends
Love cheat
Race the wind
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
The pricess diaries. [9], To the nines
The romantics
Bridget Jones's diary
The wonder spot
No boyz allowed
Bringing the summer
Dead Romantic
'Are these my basoomas I see before me?' : fab final confessions of Georgia Nicolson
It had to end sometime, but Mara Dyer had no idea it would end like this. She wants to believe there's more to the lies she's been told and she doesn't stop to think about where her quest for the truth might lead. She never had to imagine how far she would go for vengeance, but with loyalties betrayed, guilt and innocence tangle, and fate and chance collide in this shocking conclusion to Mara Dyer's story. Retribution has arrived.
Found
How (not) to find a boyfriend
The princess diaries : Mia's Christmas
The bucket list to mend a broken heart
The princess diaries : ten out of ten
How to be bad
Looking for Alibrandi
Shut out
15 Guys, 11 Shrink Appointments, 4 Ceramic Frogs and Me, Ruby Oliver From E. Lockhart, author of the best-seller We Were Liars, and the highly-acclaimed The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, comes this hilarious and heart-warming series. Ruby Oliver is fifteen and has a shrink. But before you make up your mind about her, you should know that she has had a pretty awful (and eventful) past ten days.
The endless trials of Tabitha Baird
Naomi & Ely's no kiss list
A Study of Habits and Behaviours, Plus Techniques for Taming Them From E. Lockhart, author of the best-seller We Were Liars, and the highly-acclaimed The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, comes this hilarious and heart-warming series. Here is how things stand at the beginning of newly-licensed driver Ruby Oliver's junior year at Tate Prep: Kim: Not speaking. But far away in Tokyo. Cricket: Not speaking. Nora: Speaking--sort of. Chatted a couple times this summer when they bumped into each other outside of school--once shopping in the U District, and once in the Elliot Bay Bookstore. But she hadn't called Ruby, or anything. Noel: Didn't care what anyone thinks. Meghan: Didn't have any other friends. Dr. Z: Speaking. And Jackson. The big one. Not speaking. But with a new job, an unlikely but satisfying friend combo, additional entries to The Boy Book and many difficult decisions help Ruby to see that there is, indeed, life outside the Tate Universe.
The Girls : a novel
Avery Dennis is a high school senior and one of the most popular girls in her class. But a major public breakup with her boyfriend threatens to ruin Avery's plans for a perfect senior prom and Avery starts thinking about all the guys she's dated. How come none of those relationships worked out? Could it be her fault? Avery tracks down her exes and interviews them, compiling a total account of her dating history. She discovers some truths about herself along the way...just in time for prom night!
Heart shaped
Wick is used to relying on herselfand only herself. But shes going to have to learn to trust someone if shes going to finally escape her demons
Boundless
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason
P.S. I still love you
Christmas at Rosie Hopkins' sweetshop
Princess on the brink
My boyfriend is a vampire. Book 1 & 2
The catastrophic history of you and me
Please don't tell my parents I've got henchmen
I want a boyfriend!
Boywatching : it's not just a hobby, it's a science
We'll always have summer
Trouble makes a comeback
Access denied (and other eight grade error messages) : a novel
Kafka on the shore
Chosen : a house of night novel
Found : a Mickey Bolitar novel
Are these my basoomas I see before me?. book 10.
The importance of being married
How to meet boys
Moone boy : the blunder years
Bridge to Terabithia
Cherry crush
P. S. I still love you
The sisters club : cloudy with a chance of boys
The boyfriend list
Not if I see you first
Real mermaids don't hold their breath
The day I met Suzie
London belongs to us
The chocolate lovers' Christmas
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Boywatching : up close... and getting closer
Succubus nights
Boywatching : season three
Evercrossed : a kissed by an angel novel
The princess diaries. [5] : Give me five
The retribution of Mara Dyer
Real live boyfriends : yes, boyfriends, plural - if my life weren't complicated, I wouldn't be Ruby Oliver
Pippa Morgan's diary. Love and chicken nuggets
The big picture : a novel
Everneath
Innocent, yet ambitious : childhood in 19th century America as depicted in Louisa May Alcott's Little Women series
The foundling
Dead beautiful
The princess diaries : to the nines
Just call my name
The boy book : a study of boy habits and behaviours from me, Ruby Oliver
Just haven't met you yet
I should have said : quick-witted comebacks I only wish I'd said... to friends and lovers
Princess in love
Hallowed
It's not me, it's you
Everbound
The diary of a teenage girl
The treasure map of boys : Noel, Jackson, Finn, Hutch, Gideon - and me, Ruby Oliver
The evolution of Mara Dyer
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
It's not summer without you
What would middle school be like if half your classmates had super powers? It's time for Penny Akk to find out. Her latest (failed) attempt to become a superhero has inspired the rest of the kids in her school to reveal their own powers.  Now, all of her relationships are changing. She has a not-at-all-secret admirer, who wants to be Penny's partner almost as much as she wants to be Penny's rival. The meanest girl in school has gained super powers and lost her mind. Can Penny help her find a better one? Can she help an aging supervillain connect with his daughter, and mend the broken hearts of two of the most powerful people in the world? And in all this, where will she find time for her own supervillainous fun, or even more dangerous, to start dating?  It's going to be a long, strange semester.
Lily alone
The princess diaries : after eight
Princess in pink
The boyfriend list : 15 guys, 11 shrink appointments, 4 ceramic frogs and me, Ruby Oliver
The princess diaries. [4], Mia goes fourth
To all the boys I've loved before
Dear Fang, with love
Girls in tears
Unearthly
Becoming Alpha
Match me if you can
Real mermaids don't need high heels
