http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27132 teacher's guides
teacher's guides
Out and about. Åk. 7, Allmän kurs : Lärarhandbok
Countdown to poetry writing : step by step approach to writing techniques for 7-12 years
The musician's guide to aural skills : teacher's edition. Volume 2
The right way to sing
The ABC of anaesthesia nursing for perioperative nursing students : a tool to support learning during practical training
Developing the capable practitioner : professional capability through higher education
Teaching skills for dummies
Mastering pool : instructional DVD. Volume 1, Beginner level
Profiles. Course 2, Materialpaket
The essential baby care guide
Leading dynamic seminars : a practical handbook for university educators
New practical Chinese reader = Xin shiyong hanyu keben. 2, Instructor's manual
Traditional penmanship
This way. 9 A, Teacher's guide
Multiple intelligences in EFL : exercises for secondary and adult students
Out and about. Åk 7, Särskild kurs : Lärarhandbok
Real English. Åk 5-6, The teacher's guide
Dirty dancing : official dance workout
Nordic research in mathematics education : Proceedings of NORMA14, Turku, June 3-6, 2014
Interpreting in the community and workplace : a practical teaching guide
On the move : engelska för grundskolan. 4, Lärarhandledning : åk 8
Teaching beginner ELLs using picture books : tellability
Reading texts : teaching suggestions
Talk with your kids : conversations about ethics — honesty, friendship, sensitivity, fairness, dedication, individuality — and 103 other things that really matter
Out and about. Åk. 8, Särskild kurs : Lärarhandbok
Now it clicks! : materialpaket
Setting words on fire : putting God at the center of the sermon
Say it in English. 3, Teacher's guide
Principles of violin playing & teaching
Training to teach : a guide for students
The online teaching survival guide : simple and practical pedagogical tips
eXperienCeSki: Guidebook to experiences in children's ski schools
This way. 8 A, Teacher's guide
Real English. 7, Lärarhandledning
Child-Friendly approach to instrumental education : The Colourstrings Violin School
The young pianist : an approach for teachers and students
Beginning keyboard. Volume two
A new tune a day for violin
"Hands-on, practical guide helping academics to reinvigorate their seminar teaching. Ideal for new higher education staff seeking guidance as well as more experienced academics looking for tips and ideas. Covers all elements of seminar-based instruction including encouraging participation, handling sensitive topics and incorporating new technology"--
Supporting grade 5-8 students in constructing explanations in science : the claim, evidence, and reasoning framework for talk and writing
Say it in English. 1, Teacher's guide
First steps in music for preschool and beyond : the curriculum
Profiles. 1, Swedish edition : materialpaket
Trumpet lessons with David Hickman. Vol. 1, Tone production
Trumpet lessons with David Hickman. Vol. 3, Embouchure development : power, endurance, upper register
Mastering pool : instructional DVD. Volume 2, Intermediate level
This way. 7 A, Teacher's guide
This way. 7 S, Teacher's guide
Going up. 1, Teacher's book
Boys and writing : teachers guide
Advanced reading power : extensive reading, vocabulary building, comprehension skills, reading faster
Higher education in Latvia : general description of Latvia's education system and annotations of the study programmes of state-recognised higher education institutions
Instructor's manual [for] : The study of orchestration
100 activities for teaching research methods
Jazz conception : Study guide
Colour keys : the piano ABC : teacher's guide. A
On the move : engelska för grundskolan. 3, Lärarhandledning : åk 7
Jazz improv : how to play it and teach it! : a unique method for improvisation based on the concept of tension and release
A guide to curriculum planning in arts for EEN students
The mini book of teaching tips for librarians
Play golf like a pro : with Robert Karlsson and Simon Holmes
Vioolmethodiek : english version
Arts & crafts : a manual for teachers in Namibia
Using talk to support writing
On the move : engelska för grundskolan. 2, Lärarhandledning : åk 6
How to draw houses
Drawing at the circus
Say it in English. 4, Teacher's guide
Culinary educators' teaching tools & tips
Real English. 8, Lärarhandledning
Mastering pool : instructional DVD. Volume 3, Advanced level
Violin ABC : handbook for teachers and parents
This way. 8 S, Teacher's guide
Learn to sing the blues : 17 tips for performing vocalists
From start to Finnish : a short course in Finnish : lisämateriaalia opettajalle
Mel Bay presents classical guitar pedagogy : a handbook for teachers
The biology teacher's handbook
The teaching of jazz
Drums : the complete step-by-step guide to playing the drums
Professional learning in the digital age : the educator's guide to user-generated learning
Introduction to teaching : making a difference in student learning
Out and about. Åk. 8, Allmän kurs : Lärarhandbok
On the move : engelska för grundskolan. Lärarhandledning
Teach beyond your reach : an instructor's guide to developing and running successful distance learning classes, workshops, training sessions, and more
Trumpet lessons with David Hickman. Vol. 2, Embouchure formation and warming up
The musician's guide to aural skills : teacher's edition. Volume 1
A guide to teaching information literacy : 101 practical tips
Make it sound
TPR storytelling / english : year 1 - year 2 - year 3 : teacher's guidebook
English seventy. Årskurs 7, Handbook
How to draw anything
Improve your teaching! : an essential handbook for instrumental and singing teachers : includes Paul Harris's innovative strategy, " Simultaneous learning"
Art education & eco awareness : a teacher's guide to art & the natural environment
Say it in English. 2, Teacher's guide
Hallo everybody. 3, Teacher's book
Professional Piano Teaching : A Comprehensive Piano Pedagogy Textbook. Volume 2. Intermediate–Advanced Levels
Handbook for information literacy teaching
The diagnosis and corrections of vocal faults : a manual for teachers of singing and for choir directors
Problem-solving strategies for writing
Playing the guitar : a self-instruction guide to technique and theory
Eric Clapton acoustic classics : a step-by-step breakdown of guitar and techniques
