http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2714 stratigraphy
stratigraphy
Kuusisto castle - stratigraphical problems regarding innerstructural of medieval walls
The chemical composition of peat bogs as an indicator for the aerosol content in former times
Quaternary dating methods : an introduction
Paleolithic man and the Nile valley in lower Egypt : with some notes upon a part of the Red sea littoral; a study of the regions during Pliocene and Pleistocene times
Sequence in layered rocks : a study of features and structures useful for determining top and bottom or oder of succession in bedded and tabular rock bodies
An international guide to stratigraphic classification, terminology, and usage : introduction and summary
Stratigraphy of the northern end of the early Proterozoic (Karelian) Kainuu Schist Belt and associated gneiss complexes, Finland
Advances in Austrian-Hungarian joint geological research
Revision of the stratigraphic nomenclature of the Plio-Pleistocene Palm Spring Group (new rank), Anza-Borrego Desert, southern California
Paleolithic Man and the Nile-Faiyum Divide : a study of the Region during Pliocene and Pleistocene Times
ESCAP atlas of stratigraphy. 3, vol. 8, Stratigraphic correlation between sedimentary basins of the ESCAP region : Australia, Bangladesh, Fiji, India, Indonesia, Nepal, Solomon Islands, Tajikistan
Coins, radiocarbon and stratigraphy : dating methods and their problems in connection with inhumation graves of Kappelinmäki in Lappeenranta and other Karelian cemeteries
Nile Delta drill core and sample database for 1985-1994 : Mediterranean Basin (MEDIBA) Program
Principles of sedimentary basin analysis
Stratigraphic geology
Utah's spectacular geology : how it came to be
Olduvai Gorge. Vol. 3, Excavations in beds I and II, 1960-1963
New cores from Eemian interglacial deposits in Ostrobothnia, Finland
The jurassic of Denmark and Greenland
Geological investigations in the Anundsjö region, Northern Sweden. 12, Geologiacal investigations in the Anundsjö region, Northern Sweden
Principles of sequence stratigraphy
Editor's greetings
The Late Weichselian and Flandrian history of the Saimaa lake complex
Depositional sedimentary environments with reference to terrigenous clastics
The geology of Namibia
Quarternary geology : a stratigraphic framework for multidisciplinary work
Sedimentology, Ichnology and Sequence Stratigraphy of Four Outcrops from the Early - Late Miocene Pebas Formation, Western Amazonian Foreland Basin, Peru
Earth system evolution and the Mediterranean area from 23 MA to the present : 13th Congress RCMNS - 2nd - 6th September 2009. Naples, Italy. Abstract book
General field trip guidebook : VI International symposium on Jurassic system 12 -22 September 2002, Palermo, Italy
Unlocking the stratigraphical record : advances in modern stratigraphy
Ecostratigraphy of the East Baltic Silurian = Ekostratigrafija silura Pribaltiki
Masada : the Yigael Yadin excavations 1963-1965 : final reports. 3, The buildings : stratigraphy and architecture
Stratigraphy and chronology of a Stone Age pithouse in Raahe, northern Ostrobothnia
The stratigraphy of the British Isles
Environmental history and quaternary stratigraphy of Lithuania
Information through Sherds : a case study of the early glazed earthenware from Dalby, Scania
Abstracts : Hagoshrim 23.-25. 3. 2004
Paleolithic Man and the Nile Valley in Upper and Middle Egypt : a study of the Region during Pliocene and Pleistocene Times
Reconstructing quaternary environments
Summary of overburden studies at Olkiluoto with an emphasis on geosphere-biosphere interface
Quaternary type sections : imagination or reality? : proceedings of the INQUA-Subcommission on European Quaternary Stratigraphy Symposium on Quaternary Type Sections : imagination or reality? /Zürich/ 14-15 Oct. 1985
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland/Sweden. 2, [Analysis]
From river to rock record : the preservation of fluvial sediments and their subsequent interpretation
Principles of sedimentary deposits : stratigraphy and sedimentology
Geology of Poland. Vol. 2, Catalogue of fossils. Part 2, Mesozoic
Rate of apparent and true carbon accumulation in boreal peatlands
The Lower Palaeozoic of Scania : guide to excursions nos A 22 and C 17
Geology and seismic stratigraphy of the Antarctic Margin
Sequence stratigraphy in British geology
Studies on vegetation and development of a peatland in Scania, South Sweden
Sedimentary environments : processes, facies and stratigraphy
More pieces in vertical movement
Early Holocene shore displacement in eastern Svealand, Sweden, based on diatom stratigraphy, radiocarbon chronology and geochemical parameters
Stratigraphic architecture of littoral to neritic clastic wedges : sedimentology, morphodynamics and implications for spatial lithofacies prediction
Permian continental deposits of Europe and other areas : regional reports and correlations
The adequacy of the fossil record
Proceedings of the 6. International Symposium on Fossil Cnidaria and Porifera, held in Münster, Germany 9.-14. September 1991. Volume 2
The Nature of the stratigraphical record
Basin analysis : Principles & applications
Late Pleistocene stratigraphy of the Pechora region, Arctic Russia
Rock shelters of the Périgord : geological stratigraphy and archaeological succession
Stratigraphy : an introduction to principles
Principles of sedimentology and stratigraphy
Weichselian stratigraphy and glaciations in the Tåsjö-Hoting area, central Sweden
Archaeological chronology of medieval Vyborg : preliminary results of the excavations of 1998-2000
ESCAP atlas of stratigraphy. 2, vol. 7, Stratigraphic correlation between sedimentary basins of the ESCAP region : Australia: Carnarvon, Carpentaria, Karumba, Laura, Sydney, Bonaparte Gulf, Arafura and Money Shoal Basins [and] Japan
Geology of Poland. Stratigraphy : part 1 : pre-cambrian and palaeozoic
Preliminary estimate of long-term carbon accumulation and loss in 25 boreal peatlands
Stratigraphy and age of two postglacial sediment cores from the Baltic Sea
Stratigraphy : excavations in the black earth 1990-1995. Vol. 1
Palaeolimnological investigations of three inland lakes in south-western Finland
Geology and paleontology of the Lee Creek Mine, North Carolina, III
Carbonate sequence stratigraphy : recent developments and applications
A connection between the clay varve chronologies in Sweden and Finland
Eesti kvaternaarisetete kaart : mõõtkava 1:2 500 000 = The map of the Estonian quaternary deposits : scale 1:2 500 000 = Karta četvertičnyh otloženij Èstonii : masštab 1:2 500 000
Sedimentary responses to forced regressions
Impacts and the early earth : [proceedings of the first workshop of the European Science Foundation Scientific Program on the Response of the Earth System to Impact Processes]
Lithostratigraphy of the Mesoproterozoic Oftefjell group, central Telemark, Norway
Palaeoenvironment in North-Western Romania during the last 15,000 yaears
Peat bogs of the Russian forest-steppe
My stratigraphy, your stratigraphy? : stratigraphic documentation as record and information
Siliciclastic sequence stratigraphy : recent developments and applications
Quaternary and glacial geology
The key to earth history : an introduction to stratigraphy
Excavation of the Abri Pataud, Les Eyzies (Dordogne). Stratigraphy
Diatom stratigraphy and the palaeoenvironment  of the Yoldia Sea in the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
Rhizopods (Testacean amoebas) as indicators of hydrological changes in peatlands
Principles of archaeological stratigraphy
Quantitative stratigraphy
Soils and geomorphology
Mudstone primer : Lithofacies variations, diagnostic criteria, and sedimentologic/stratigraphic implications at lamina to bedset scale
Magnetic stratigraphy
Time in stratigraphy
Fundamentals of mid-tertiary stratigraphical correlation
Geological framework of the Levant : Vol. 1
Interpreting stratigraphy : conferernce proceedings 25. Nov 1992 Edinburgh
Quaternary sediments : petrographic methods for the study of unlithified rocks
Regolith exploration geochemistry in arctic and temperate terrains
The structural evolution of the Hunter-Manning-Myall Province, New South Wales
Stratigraphic excavation method at a prehistoric site Raisio Ihala Mulli : a Finnish pioneer project
Cenozoic volcanism in the Mediterranean area
The publication of the full report of the Tel Beer-sheba Iron Age remains is a fulfillment of a scientific dream. The excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, carried out under the auspices of the Institute of Archaeology of Tel Aviv University, were the highlight of Yohanan Aharoni's vast research program in the Beer-sheba Valley. He directed this program from 1969 until his untimely death in 1976 at the age of 56. The final season of excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, the eighth, took place in the summer of 1976 and was carried out after Aharoni's demise by his chief assistants, Ze'ev Herzog, Itzhaq Beit-Arieh, and Anson F. Rainey. The latter two regrettably did not live to see the completion of this publication, but they shared in the work, as did the young staff members who enabled the Tel Beer-sheba project to become a reality. During the National Parks Authority site development, there was further exposure, mainly of the water supply systems, directed by Ze'ev Herzog with David Sappo (Western Quarter, 1990–1991), with Tsvika Tsuk (the well, 1993) and finally with Ido Ginaton (the water-system, 1994–1995). Now, after a lengthy process of analyzing the excavations in the storerooms of Tel Aviv University's Institute of Archaeology and digging through the endless documentary material amassed, the full data is proudly presented. This work is offered not merely as a final report but as a starting point for further scientific inquiry on the abundant architectural, artifactual, and ecofactual data from Tel Beer-sheba. Volume I reports on the stratigraphy and architecture, volume 2 on the pottery; and volume 3 on the artifacts, ecofacts, and also provides concluding studies. The three volumes are profusely illustrated and an essential resource for anyone interested in the history of Judah, the Beer-sheba Valley, the site itself, and life during the Iron Age in the southern Levant.
Geomathematics : theoretical foundations, applications and future developments
Impact stratigraphy : The Italian record
Erosion and sedimentation
The Eemian pollen stratigraphy and vegetational history of Ostrobothnia, Finland
Stratigraphy and sedimentation
The Holocene vegetation history of northern West Jutland, Denmark
Beer-Sheba III : the early iron IIA enclosed settlement and the late iron IIA-iron IIB cities. Vol. I, Stratigraphy and architecture
Carbonate facies in geologic history
Quaternary stratigraphy in volcanic areas
Late Cretaceous mammals and magnetostratigraphy, Big Bend, Texas
An assessment of Holocene water-level changes in Lake Titicaca based on offshore sediment core data
Stratigraphic studies on the Precambrian in Finland
Shore displacement and Stone Age dwelling sites near Helsinki, southern coast of Finland
The Hiscock Site : Late Pleistocene and Holocene paleoecology and archaeology of western New York State
Biostratigraphy : microfossils and geological time
Magnetic stratigraphy of sediments
Geology of Iraq
Studies of Appalachian geology : northern and maritime
Waters and groundwater reservoirs at the Hannukainen mine development site in Kolari, Northern Finland
Peri-Tethys memoir. 2, Structure and prospects of Alpine basins and forelands
Stratigraphy and facies of Middle Silurian epicontinental carbonate platform deposits of Gotland, Sweden
Observations on the stratigraphy of Weichselian tills and subtill eskers in Central Ostrobothnia, Finland
Geology of Poland. Vol. 1, Stratigraphy : part 1 : pre-cambrian and palaeozoic
Theory and practice of archaeological research. Vol. 2, Acquisition of field data at multi-strata sites
High resolution sequence stratigraphy : innovations and applications
Il "Chiodo d'Oro" di Bagolino (Italia settentrionale, Provincia di Brescia) : concetti stratigrafici e inquadramento geologico del sito italiano di riferimento globale (GSSP, Global boundary Stratotype Section and Point) per la base del piano Ladinico = The "Golden Spike" of Bagolino (Northern Italy, Province of Brescia) : Stratigraphic concepts and geologic overview of the Italian Global boundary Stratotype Section and Point (GSSP) for the base of the Ladinian Stage
International stratigraphic guide : a guide to stratigraphic classification, terminology, and procedure
The late Eocene Earth : hothouse, icehouse, and impacts
The Citronen Fjord massive sulphide deposit, Peary Land, North Greenland : discovery, stratigraphy, mineralization and structural setting
Peatlands : evolution and records of environmental and climate changes
On the stratigraphical and structural geology of the Kemi area, Northern Finland
Practices of archaeological stratigraphy
Facies from Palaeozoic reefs and bioaccumulations
Variability of syn-rift sedimentary architecture in marine rift-basins : examples from the Middle-Late Jurassic of the northern Viking Graben, North Sea, and the Lusitanian Basin, western Portugal
A palaeoecological study of raised mires in the Humberhead Levels
History of stratigraphical research in Northern Finland
Principles of stratigraphy
Glacial and pleistocene geology
New views on an old planet : continental drift and the history of earth
The geology of stratigraphic sequences
Landscapes and life : studies in honour of Urve Miller
Geological framework of the Levant : Vol. 2
Detecting vertical stratigraphy through artifact distributions : a case study from prehistoric Finland
"The second edition of this acclaimed, accessible textbook brings the subject of sedimentation and erosion completely up-to-date, providing an excellent primer on both fundamental concepts of sediment-transport theory and methods for practical applications. The structure of the first edition is essentially unchanged, but all the chapters have been updated, with several chapters reworked and expanded significantly. Examples of the new additions include the concept of added mass, the Modified Einstein Procedure, sediment transport by size fractions, sediment transport of sediment mixtures, and new solutions to the Einstein Integrals. Many new examples and exercises have been added. Erosion and Sedimentation is an essential textbook on the topic for students in civil and environmental engineering and the geosciences, and also as a handbook for researchers and professionals in engineering, the geosciences and the water sciences"--
