http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27174 multi-species fishing
multi-species fishing
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 11, Barents Sea
Capacity building for environmental law in the Asia and Pacific region : approaches and resources. Vol. 2
Conflicts between protected species and fisheries : social science research and policy approaches
Guidelines to reduce sea turtle mortality in fishing operations
Report of the FAO Ad Hoc Expert Advisory Panel for the Assessment of Proposals to Amend Appendices I and II of CITES Concerning Commercially-exploited Aquatic Species : Rome, 13-16 July 2004.
Ichthyofauna in small lakes of the Paanajärvi National Park
Report of the Expert Consultation on Legal Issues Related to CITES and Commercially-exploited Aquatic Species : Rome, 22-25 June 2004.
North Atlantic batoids and chimaeras relevant to fisheries management : a pocket guide
Conversion factors : landed weight to live weight = Coefficients de conversion : de poids au débarquement à poids vif = factores de conversión : de peso desembarcado a peso en vivo
Tourism and the consumption of wildlife : hunting, shooting and sport fishing
North Atlantic sharks relevant to fisheries management : a pocket guide
FAO species identification field guide for fishery purposes. 1, Mediterranean and Black Sea fishing area 37
Fishing
Adventure tourism management
Fish status survey of Nordic lakes : species composition, distribution, effects of environmental changes
Review of jellyfish blooms in the Mediterranean and Black Sea
Applied ecology
Monitoring and management of the humhead wrasse, Cheilinus undulatus
Summary (s. 9-10).
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 6, Bony fishes part 4 (Labridae to Latimeriidae), estuarine crocodiles, sea turtles, sea snakes and marine mammals
Tilapias as alien aquatics in Asia and the Pacific : a review
Applied ecology and environmental management
The Gulf of Finland assessment
State of the Gulf of Finland in 2004
Sea turtles are affected by a range of different factors, some natural and others caused by human activities, including fishing operation. As a result, all sea turtles species whose conservation status has been assessed are considered to be threatened or endangered. These guidelines provide assistance for the preparation of national or multilateral fisheries management measures and industry initiatives that may help to conserve sea turtles by reducing the negative impacts that fisheries may have on them. They present our best understanding of how to reduce the proportion of caught turtles that are killed as a result of interactions with marine capture fisheries. These guidelines include information about how to change fishing gear and fishing methods and how the fishing industry can adopt voluntary approaches to reduce sea turtle mortality.--Publisher's description.
State of the Gulf of Finland in 2003
Trout of the world
Understanding and strengthening European Union-Canada relations in law of the sea and ocean governance
Sea fishing : expert tips and techniques for yachtsmen, motorboaters and sea anglers
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 5, Bony fishes part 3 (Menidae to Pomacentridae)
Biomechanics of fly casting : effects of different rod types and different skill level fly fishermen
Multispecies models relevant to management of living resources : proceedings of a symposium held in The Hague, 2-4 October 1989
Report of the Expert Consultation on Implementation Issues Associated with Listing Commercially-exploited Aquatic Species on CITES Appendices : Rome, 25-28 May 2004.
