http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27120 stalking
stalking
The mark of Cain
Watcher
The boy in the shadows
Depraved heart
Lakeview Terrace - tarkkailun alla
The one you love
Dream house
Web of Darkness
A dream of ice
The shadow of your smile
To rise again at a decent hour : a novel
Fifty shades freed
Beliefs in witchcraft and demons still shape many societies and seem to be increasing rather than disappearing with modernization and urbanization. Witch hunts in Africa and Asia show the scope of the problem. The deliverance practices of pentecostal and charismatic churches are widely controversial and their effects are rather ambiguous. The contributions in this volume, written by experts and practitioners from four continents, analyze these phenomena from the perspectives of intercultural theology, anthropology, and ethnology, and also describe the responses of Catholic and Protestant churches. (Series: Contributions to Mission Science / Intercultural Theology // Beitrage zur Missionswissenschaft / Interkulturellen Theologie - Vol. 32) [Subject: Anthropology, Ethnology, Sociology, Religious Studies]
Breaking the rules
You
Your servants and your people
The Jackal's share
A game for all the family
Not dead yet
Executive power
The search
Witchcraft, demons and deliverance : a global conversation on an intercultural challenge
Set in the heart of beautiful rural Wales. The protagonist, Sarah, is running from her past. Her tormentor has been in prison for seventeen years, but is about to be released. Just as Rachel thinks she's escaped him, there's a threat closer to home. Somebody's watching her. And they know she's alone...
We are here
The night manager : the complete series
Being stalked : recognizing post-separation stalking and helping its victims
The primrose path
The Shakespeare secret
The fall
I'll be watching you
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
It
When the incredibly attractive Benedict befriends Lily online, she is thrilled. He is so much more mature than boys her age and he seems to know exactly how she's feeling. She finds herself opening up to him, telling him things she wouldn't tell anybody else. And she needs someone to confide in more than ever before as a spate of apparent suicides rocks her school - and her group of friends. But is Benedict the kind, charming person that he seemed to be initially? Lily soon realises that now, with half our lives spent online, you can be found - even if you try to hide... A dark thriller about online stalking and obsession from this master of gritty teen reads.
Jeremy O'Keefe, a middle-aged Professor of History, returns to his native New York after a decade teaching at Oxford, hoping to reconnect with his daughter and rebuild the life he left behind. He settles into the rhythm of a too-empty life, long evenings alone after a day teaching students he barely knows. Then a strange encounter with a young man who presumes an acquaintance he doesn't remember and a series of disconcerting events leave him with a growing conviction that he is being watched. The pale young man keeps appearing, a haunting figure lingers outside his apartment at night, and then mysterious packages begin to arrive. As his grip on reality seems to shift and turn, Jeremy struggles to know whether he can believe what he is experiencing, or whether his mind is in the grip of an irrational obsession. I Am No One explores the tenuous link between fear and paranoia in our post-Snowden lives; a world of surveillance and self-censorship, where privacy no longer exists and our freedoms are inexorably eroded.
When women sexually abuse men : the hidden side of rape, stalking, harassment, and sexual assault
The burning mind
Cross my heart
They say we are infidels : on the run from ISIS with persecuted Christians in the Middle East
House of shadows
The murder of an angel
The boy next door
The book of you
Sarah's mum walked out on her family seven years ago without explanation. Now she lives just a few miles away - but she refuses to see Sarah. Sarah is desperate to know why her mother left, and why she doesn't want to see her now, but mostly she just wants to make her pay for what she did - A tense, atmospheric page-turner from a top teen author. Particularly suitable for the relucatant, struggling and dyslexic teen.
Being Stalked: Recognizing Post-Separation Stalking and Helping its Victims.
The vampire stalker
Crimes of sexual nature perpetrated by adult females against males constitutes a serious problem in our society. A woman can rape a man, and this crime occurs far more often than most imagine. This book addresses an entire range of crimes beyond just rape, however; stalking, sexual harassment, and sexual assault, and sexual coercion are all covered in detail. The book illuminates the long-overlooked subject of adult female against adult male sex crimes. Combining personal accounts, information on criminal cases, relevant research on adult female against adult male sexual offenses, and statistical data from the FBI and other government sources, the authors comprehensively document how some women can be aggressive sexual predators, just like their male counterparts; highlight the changes in the criminal behavior of women; and provide fascinating stories of true crime as well as shocking revelations about human behavior.
Out of the Ashes
Persecuted
Curtain call, or The distinguished thing : a novel
A question of blood
The rule of fear
No cure for love
Mapping the legislation and assessing the impact of protection orders in the European Member States
Stranger in the room
The nightmare place
Low pressure
Keeper of the bride
The Silesian town of Bedzin lies a mere twenty-five miles from Auschwitz. Through its linked ghettos and that of its neighboring town, some 85,000 Jews passed on their way to slave labor or the gas chambers. The principal civilian administrator of Bedzin, Udo Klausa, was a happily married family man. He was also responsible for implementing Nazi policies towards the Jews in his area - inhumane processes that were the precursors of genocide. Yet he later claimed, like so many other Germans after the war, that he had 'known nothing about it.' This book re-creates Udo Klausa's story. Using a wealth of personal letters, memoirs, testimonies, interviews and other sources, the author pieces together his role in the unfolding stigmatization and degradation of the Jews under his authority, as well as the heroic attempts at resistance on the part of some of his victims.Portrayed is a fascinating insight into the inner conflicts of a Nazi functionary who, throughout, considered himself a 'decent' man. She also explores the conflicting memories and evasions of his life after the war. But the book is much more than a portrayal of an individual man. Udo Klausa's case is so important because it is in many ways so typical. Behind Klausa's story is the larger story of how countless local functionaries across the Third Reich facilitated the murderous plans of a relatively small number among the Nazi elite - and of how those plans could never have been realized, on the same scale, without the diligent cooperation of these generally very ordinary administrators. As the author shows, men like Klausa 'knew' and yet mostly suppressed this knowledge, performing their day jobs without apparent recognition of their own role in the system, or any sense of personal wrongdoing or remorse - either before or after 1945.This account is no ordinary historical reconstruction. For the author did not discover Udo Klausa amongst the archives, she has known the Klausa family all her life. She had no inkling of her subject's true role in the Third Reich until a few years ago, a discovery that led directly to this inescapably personal professional history.
The lie
Think of a number
The Award
X-men : Age of X
Flesh and blood
The stress of her regard
Falling in love
Static
Baja : heroes, villains, and everyone in between
