http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27218 microRNA
microRNA
New insights into the genetic basis of colorectal cancer
Identification of 1p21-22 amplification in bladder cancer and expression of non-coding RNAs in prostate cancer
Transgene verification and technical improvement in the establisment of transgenic miR-32 mouse line
Taxonomy of prokaryotes
Pluripotency and genetic stability of human pluripotent stem cells
Functions of human papillomavirus E5 oncogene in epithelial cells and in the onset of cervical cancer
Detection of harmful microbes and their metabolites with novel methods in the agri-food production chain
Rational engineering of microRNA-regulated viruses for cancer gene therapy
To divide or not to divide : MicroRNAs and small compounds as modulators of mitosis
The biology of plants
Multifunctional RNA silencing pathway polymerase QDE-1 of Neurospora crassa
MicroRNA cancer regulation : advanced concepts, bioinformatics and systems biology tools
The structural conservation and phylogeny of right-hand-shaped polymerases and structurally related proteins
T Helper Cell Differentiation and Their Function
Interleukin-10 in health and disease
Molecular profiling of calcific aortic valve disease
Calcific aortic valve disease (CAVD) is the most common valvular heart disease in the Western world. Although it shares mainly the same risk factors as coronary heart disease (CHD), i.e. similar initial events in both diseases but with time, they lead to different clinical outcomes. Thus, when it affects the coronary arteries, the disease leads to an obstructive or rupture-prone plaque whereas in the aortic valve, it causes massive calcification and ossification. This obstructs the blood flow from the left cardiac ventricle, causing myocardial hypertrophy, and if left untreated, heart failure and death. Many of the pathobiological differences between CAVD and CHD remain unknown. Currently, there are no effective lifestyle- or pharmacologic treatments for CAVD and the only therapy is a valve replacement operation. In this thesis, several studies utilizing large-scale methods were undertaken to profile the molecular events leading to CAVD. Surgically removed valves from patients in different stages of the disease were obtained and gene transcripts, microRNA-molecules and several proteins were identified as being differentially expressed. Several of these were investigated further, including two pro-inflammatory CC-type chemokine ligands 3 and 4 (CCL3 and CCL4), microRNA-125b, several granzyme-proteins and heat-shock protein 90. The results of this thesis provide a large dataset of hundreds of molecular changes associated with CAVD. It is proposed that they can be used as a basis for the generation of new hypotheses and assist in the design of experiments to clarify the mechanisms driving CAVD.
Novel regulators of pancreatic cancer cell growth and mobility
Impact of the human bacterial environment on mycobacteriosis and allergy
MicroRNAs in the etiology and pathophysiology of atherosclerosis
Chromatoid body mediated RNA regulation in mouse male germline
This book will focus on the differentiation and regulation of subsets of CD4+ T cells. It will also cover other aspects of research on these cells, which has made great advances in recent years, such as subsets' plasticity and their role in healthy and disease conditions. The book provides researchers and graduate students with a cutting-edge and comprehensive overview of essential research on CD4+ T cells.
The role of 8q amplification and microRNAs in prostate cancer
Epigenetic characteristics of Lynch syndrome-associated and sporadic tumorigenesis
Stable RNA sequences as a tool for DNA probes and phylogenetic studies
Studies on genomic instability induced by radiation and chemicals
Bioinformatics analysis of HPV associated host microRNA functions and identification of viral microRNA
Receptors and endocytosis of coxsackievirus A9
Role of <em>Fto</em> in the gene and microRNA expression of mouse adipose tissues in response to high-fat diet
"The book starts with dissecting mechanisms underlying viral immune evasion via exploiting the host complement system by vaccinia virus, and by modulating the type 1 interferon response by RNA viruses. Yet another chapter looks into how viroporins expressed by different families of viruses causing influenza A virus, SARS, hepatitis C and HIV interact with several cellular pathways. Understanding of these mechanisms can aid the development of novel potential anti‑viral targets. The chapter on tuberculosis discusses the emerging importance of the innate immune mechanisms against Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection and latency. This book has a strong focus on fungal pathogenesis and immunity, starting with virulence and host factors that attain great importance in candidiasis and associated escape tricks of seriously opportunistic fungi. Two chapters on Aspergillus fumigatus elaborate on the pathogenic mechanisms: first discussing A. fumigatus‑airway epithelium interaction, followed by fungal and host factors that are paramount in the development of allergic and invasive aspergillosis. In the subsequent chapter, there is a general discussion on the innate and adaptive immune responses against primary and opportunistic fungal pathogens." -- (Springer)
The microRNAs in the blood vessel endothelial cells
Bioinformatic identification of genomic alterations in breast cancer
Metal-ion-binding oligonucleotides : high-affinity probes for nucleic acid sequences
Obesity is associated with greater risk of several diseases, such as type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) within the fat mass- and obesity-associated gene FTO are robustly associated with increased body mass index (BMI) in several age and ethnic groups. Studies with transgenic mice support a mechanistic role for FTO protein in energy metabolism. Fto-deficient mice are leaner than wild-type and overexpression of Fto leads to obese phenotype; however, the precise mechanism of FTO action in the control of BMI has remained obscure. Fto mRNA is most abundant in the brain while high expression is present also in white and brown adipose tissues (WAT and BAT, respectively). WAT stores the nutritional energy and BAT dissipates it to produce heat. Furthermore, these organs participate in a complex endocrine network affecting the whole body metabolism, which is more or less disrupted in obesity. In the browning process, white adipocytes begin to manifest brown characteristics. MicroRNAs (miRNA) are small RNA molecules, which fine-tune post-transcriptionally the expression of genes important in several cellular processes, including WAT and BAT differentiation and browning of WAT. FTO has been shown to participate in these processes as well as miRNA regulation.The current study used a new Fto-deficient mouse model to reveal deeper insights into the role of Fto on genes affecting WAT and BAT differentiation and function, as well as WAT browning. Furthermore, the effects of Fto on the miRNA regulation in WAT browning and BAT were investigated. Our results supported a role for Fto in adipose tissue. Fto-deficient mice were resistant to diet-induced obesity and their WAT and BAT adipocytes did not become hypertrophic similar to wild-type on high-fat diet. Furthermore, the expression of genes affecting adipose tissue differentiation and function was altered in Fto-deficient WAT and BAT, especially after high-fat diet, and the changes may be mediated via altered miRNA expression. Fto-deficient WAT was more susceptible to browning, which in part contributed to the lean phenotype of these mice. Current study supported a role for Fto in whole body metabolism and adaptation of adipose tissue to changes in dietary environment.
Pathway for the formation of Semliki Forest virus RNA replication complex
Computational analysis of small non-coding RNAs in model systems
MicroRNAs as predictive and prognostic biomarkers in human neoplasia : with specific focus on colorectal cancer, giant cell tumor of bone, and leukemias
Microbial pathogenesis : infection and immunity
Microarrays in molecular profiling of Ewing sarcoma family of tumors and CDKN2A aberrations
Negative regulation of Drosophila immune response
Introduction to biotechnology
Role of Fto in the gene and microRNA expression of mouse adipose tissues in response to high-fat diet
Ten Years of Progress in GW/P Body Research
To divide or not to divide : microRNAs and small compounds as modulators of mitosis
Dissecting the molecular mechanisms of breast cancer bone metastasis for therapeutic targering
Molecular details of phage Φ6 RNA-dependent RNA synthesis
Structure, function and intracellular dynamics of alphavirus replication complexes
Streptomycetes in indoor environments : PCR based detection and diversity
DNA methods in clinical microbiology
The importance of a fifth element in transcription : transcriptional discrimination in Escherichia coli
Traditional and novel treatments for prostate cancer : discoveries at the molecular level
MicroRNAs as novel regulators of skeletal homeostasis
Epigenetherapy : small RNAs regulating vascular endothelial growth factor A
Factors regulating chondrogenic differentiation
Functional analysis of the non-coding regions of RNA segments and the nucleocapsid protein of Uukuniemi virus
Airway inflammatory markers in asthma and rhinitis : microRNA, nasal nitric oxide and proteome analysis
Identifying virus-host interactions critical for alphavirus-mediated oncolysis
