http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2724 product control
product control
Federalism and responsibility : a study on product safety law and practice in the European Community
Product lifecycle management : 21st century paradigm for product realisation
Reliability management of manufacturing processes in machinery enterprises
A textbook of manufacturing technology (manufacturing processes) : for B.E., B.Tech., A.M.I.E.-section B, diploma, and competitive examinations
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 2A, Notice to applicants : medicinal products for human use : procedures for marketing authorisation
The electric heaters : Handbook(tm)
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 3C, Guidelines : medicinal products for human use : efficacy
Electrometric methods for product and process control in the explosives industry
Operations management : concepts, methods and strategies
Modelling the rejection probability of a quality test consisting of multiple measurements
Accounting for world class operations : a practical guide for providing relevant information in support of the lean enterprise
Quality improvement tools & techniques
The European seminar on the market control of the machinery in the EEA, 19-20 June 1996, Tampere, Finland : seminar report
Improve quality & productivity with simulation
Havaintoja haittavaikutusrekisteristä vuodelta 2001 = Iakttagelser från biverkningsregistret år 2001 = Reports received by the ADR register in 2001.
Practical benchmarking : the complete guide
Improving quality through planned experimentation
Food irradiation : a technique for preserving and improving the safety of food
Analysis of Cosmetic Products advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products. In the format of an easy-to-understand compendium of published literature on the subject, this book will enable people working in the cosmetic industry or in research laboratories to: * become familiar with the main legislative and analytical literature on this subject and  * learn about and choose suitable analytical procedures for production monitoring and control of cosmetic p
Production/Operations management : concepts, structure, and analysis
Pharmaceuticals in the European Union
The quality technician's handbook
Improving the autoclave pallet
The rules governing cosmetic products in the European Union : cosmetics legislation. Volume 1, Cosmetic products
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Market control in Finland : a report on market control at the regional and local level in 1995
Production and operations management
Monitoring systematic product quality deficiencies : case: ABB Oy, Product Support
Innovative conceptual design : theory and application of parameter analysis
Customer satisfaction planning : ensuring product quality and safety within your MRP/ERP systems
Design for Six Sigma in product and service in development : applications and case studies
Lean supply chain and logistics management
Quality assurance for textiles and apparel
Design for Six Sigma in technology and product development
Assessment of the EU timber regulation and FLEGT action plan
Effective FMEAs : achieving safe, reliable, and economical products and processes using failure mode and effects analysis
"Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) is a data-driven quality strategy for designing products and services. The goal of DFSS is to avoid process problems using systems engineering techniques. DFSS consists of five interconnected phases: Define, Measure, Analyze, Design, Verify. This book provides a detailed description of how to apply DFSS in product and service development. It provides instructional strategies, an overview of benefits and uses, and a roadmap that links several methodologies including organizational leadership, product development, system integration, critical parameter management, voice of the customer, quality function deployment, and concept generation"--
The terra incognita of sampling : grouping and segregation
End of life components management tool and follow-up system
Optical characterization of paper with DOE sensor
Type approval in the building sector 2000
Knowledge-based decision support systems for production optimization and quality improvement in the electronics industry
Advanced product quality planning (APQP) and control plan : reference manual
Economic applications of product quality regulations in WTO trade agreements
"An organization's inventory budget is a financial amount set by the group's board members. The decisions of what inventory to have in stock, how much, where, and when, are details handled by the manager. This book, aimed at practitioners, supply chain managers, and operations and manufacturing professionals, provides a step-by-step approach on how to achieve the crucial link between the budget's decisions and the detail level. The authors look beyond the theory and focus on the most important decisions managers need to make when managing inventories. Using case studies from various diverse industries, they examine how inventory management should work, how to control it, and how to balance it." --
Rajoitettujen aineiden määrittäminen sähköteknisistä tuotteista = Determination of restricted substances of electrotechnical products
Summary: Glycyrrhizic acid levels in liquorice confectionery.
Tietoa tuotevirheistä = Information on product defects
Henkilönsuojainten varmentaminen CE-merkillä = Certification of personal protective equipment with the CE marking
Mass customization information systems in business
Quality function deployment : integrating customer requirements into product design
'Analysis of Cosmetic Products' advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products.
Design for Six Sigma : a practical approach through innovation
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland - 2008 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
Machine vision for the inspection of natural products
TPM in process industries
Type approval of building products
Product lifecycle management
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 4, Good manufacturing practices : medicinal products for human and veterinary use
Regional and local market control pursuant to the product safety act : report for the year 1996
Food & drink : good manufacturing practice : a guide to its responsible management
"This book recognizes that correctly done FMEAs are essential to achieving high quality and reliability in products and processes, and are the central core of Design for Six Sigma, Design for Reliability and other Quality and Reliability programs. The Objective of the book is to define the correct procedure for doing FMEAs and to outline specifically how to successfully apply the FMEA procedure in design, development, manufacturing, and service applications. The book will also share the most common mistakes in doing FMEAs and how to turn these into quality objectives, as well as how to implement effective FMEA processes in companies. It is a practical book showing both the practitioner and manager the key elements of successful FMEA systems. It is based upon the author's extensive experience with thousands of FMEAs, and a many dozen of companies. The reader will understand how to do FMEA correctly, and how to implement effective FMEA programs"--
Analysis of cosmetic products
Quality control
Competitive advantage through mass-customization : self-assessment work book : 39 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Confectionary industry : inspection manual
Software testing and continuous quality improvement
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 3A, Guidelines : medicinal products for human use : quality and biotechnolgy
Trade regulations and product oriented environmental measures
A guide to good validation practice
Integrated product and process design and development : the product realization process
Inventory management : advanced methods for managing inventory within business systems
Quality, design and the purchaser : papers presented at the 67th annual conference, April 5-9 1983, Cambridge, England
User's guide to plastic : a handbook for everyone
Manufacturing planning and control systems
State, society, and corporate power
System testing in media product
Guide to the implementation of directives based on the new approach and the global approach
Market control in Finland
The rules governing cosmetic products in the European Union : cosmetics legislation. 3, Guidelines - Cosmetic products, Notes of guidance for testing of cosmetic ingredients for their safety evaluation
On products containing ozone depleting substances : a guide to customs officers and inspectors in the Nordic countries
Market control performed in accordance with the product safety act in 1997 : a report on regional and local market control in Finland and on collaboration between the National Consumer Administration and the Customs Laboratory in testing
This bachelor's thesis was made at Pilkington Automotive Finland Oy Laitila plant. This plant manufactures windshields for automotive industry e.g trains and busses. The windshields are made from laminated glass. The objective for this bachelor's thesis was to improve the autoclave pallet which is used in the final steps of the manufacturing process. The pallet is simply a frame made from rectangular iron tubes on where the windshields are loaded. After that the pallet goes through the autoclave process in the autoclave and it is also used in general for transporting the windshields in different working posts. During the making of this bachelor's thesis help of the so called the six sigma -process  has been used. The process is explained better in the text. The problem has been that the pallet does not offer enough support for the windshields, causing the windshields to twist during the autoclave process. This results in bad quality. The pallet should also be redesigned so that it is possible to load with more windshields so that the autoclave's degree of filling can be improved. The pallet should also be easy and light to use by the personnel. The approach for the quality problem was to make easy to build pallets with different kind of ways to support the windshields. Always when a new pallet was built or old one improved it was tested so that the windshields were always measured after the autoclave process to see if the new or improved way was better or not. The autoclave process itself has been in the dark, so that it was not known how the windshields are moving inside the autoclave. To find this out a camera was also installed inside the autoclave. The tests and results gave very enlightening information about how the windshields react when they are supported from different spots of the windshields. Supporting the windshields from different points did not give any better results in comparison to the way things are done now, which was very surprising. The reason for this is analyzed more in the text. The outcome from the autoclave filming also brought to light what happens inside the autoclave during the autoclave process and how much the windshields are moving there because of the air flow and what inflicts the airflow in the first place. Mostly the time improving  the pallet was spent in testing and trying to understand what things affect in the windshields and why. During this time of making the bachelor's thesis a huge improvement for the pallet was not found. Instead little improvements were devloped and suggested.
The management and control of quality
Computer vision technology for food quality evaluation
Market control : report for the year 1994
Design for Six Sigma : a roadmap for product development
Autonomous maintenance in seven steps : implementing TPM on the shop floor
Orlicky's material requirements planning
Quality management system ISO 9001:2000 : 60 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 3B, Guidelines : medicinal products for human use : safety, environment and information
Engineering, quality and experimental design
Toyota production system : beyond large-scale production
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Models for Plant Growth and Control of Product Quality in Horticultural Production : Potsdam, Germany, August 25-28 2003
Regulating medicines in Europe : competition, expertise and public health
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 2B, Notice to applicants : medicinal products for human use : presentation and content of the dossier
Experimental ergonomic evaluation with user trials : EEE product development procedures
The rules governing cosmetic products in the European Union : cosmetics legislation. Volume 2, Cosmetic products, Methods of analysis
