http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27252 theatre history
theatre history
Medieval theatre in context : an introduction
The mirror of nature
Melodramatic formations : American theatre and society, 1820-1870
Five thousand years of theatre
World Theatre: The Basics presents a well-rounded introduction to non-Western theatre, exploring the history and current practice of theatrical traditions in Asia, Africa, the Middle East, Oceania, the Caribbean, and the non-English-speaking cultures of the Americas. Featuring a selection of case studies and examples from each region, it helps the reader to understand the key issues surrounding world theatre scholarship and global, postcolonial, and transnational performance practices.
Mihajlovskij teatr : sûžety, imena = Mikhailovsky theatre : stories, persons
A concise history of popular theatre in the 20th and 21st centuries. This book questions how we define the distinguishing principles of popular theatre, considers the use of popular forms in experimental and avant-garde theatre and introduces a range of international artists and theatre makers.
Theatre for the people : the story of the Volksbühne
The culture watch : essays on theatre and society, 1969-1974
Development and structure of the theatre in the Federal Republic of Germany
Reading performance : Spanish golden age theatre and Shakespeare on the modern stage
Prologues and epilogues of Restoration theater : gender and comedy, performance and print
From script to stage in early Modern England
Shakespeare in America
The American theatre
Vintage years of the Theatre Guild 1928-1939
The theatre of the Hindus
Shakespeare by stages : an historical introduction
Secrets of the Chinese drama : a complete explanatory guide to actions and symbols as seen in the performance of Chinese dramas
Performing blackness on English stages, 1500-1800
Sex and satiric tragedy in early modern England : penetrating wit
Developing Zeami : the Noh actor's attunement in practice
Laughing and weeping in early modern theatres
Pop goes the avant-garde : experimental theatre in contemporary China
National theatre in northern and eastern Europe, 1746-1900
Dramaturgy of the daemonic : studies in antigeneric theater from Ruzante to Grimaldi
Theories of the avant-garde theatre : a casebook from Kleist to Camus
Theater pictorial : A history of world theater as recorded in drawings, paintings, engravings, and photographs
A history of the American drama : from the beginning to the Civil War
Theatre, community, and civic engagement in Jacobean London
Chinese theater from its origins to the present day
Japan's modern theatre : a century of change and continuity
Pierrot : a critical history of a mask
Puritanism and theatre : Thomas Middleton and opposition drama under the early Stuarts
Acting companies and their plays in Shakespeare's London
Elizabethan-Jacobean dram : a new Mermaid background book
The Chinese theatre
The French revolution and the London stage, 1789 - 1805
Early English stages : 1300 to 1660. 2, 1, 1576 to 1660
The Cambridge introduction to English theatre, 1660-1900
Modern drama in theory and practice. 3, Expressionism and epic theatre
Transnational exchange in early modern theater
The Queen's Dumbshows explores the importance of John Lydgate's mummings and entertainments for literary and theatrical history, rethinking what constitutes "drama" in late medieval England and what role it played in public life.
"In this text, Arthur F. Kinney introduces students to Shakespeare's plays in the context of Elizabethan and Jacobean theater. He focuses on the material conditions of playing and of playgoing in order to show how they both inspired and restricted Shakespeare's art." "Subjects treated range from the venues where Shakespeare's plays were first performed, and the practicalities of the acting profession, to the composition of audiences, and the cultural and regulatory contexts in which companies of players operated. Each topic is discussed in relation to a diverse selection of Shakespeare's plays as well as contemporary documents, so that the plays and the theatrical world in which they were produced constantly illuminate one another. A core of twenty-two plays is considered in total."--BOOK JACKET.
Staging the Peninsular War : English theatres 1807-1815
The writing life of Hugh Kelly : politics, journalism, and theater in late-eighteenth-century London
Theatre U. S. A. : 1665 to 1957
Tennessee Williams and Elia Kazan : a collaboration in the theatre
Performance and identity in the classical world
"This book provides an original context for understanding the prolific fourth-century Christian theologian John Chrysostom and the religious and social world in which he lived. Blake Leyerle analyzes two highly rhetorical treatises by this early church father attacking the phenomenon of "spiritual marriage." Spiritual marriage was an ascetic practice with a long history in which a man and a woman lived together in an intimate relationship without sex. What begins as an analysis of Chrysostom's attack on spiritual marriage becomes a broad investigation into Chrysostom's life and work, the practice of spiritual marriage itself, the role of the theater in late antique city life, and the early history of Christianity.
Acts and scenes : western drama in korean theater
The theatre : three thousand years of drama, acting, and stagecraft
Post-war British theatre
The theatre of medieval Europe : new research in early drama
Martyrs and players in early modern England : tragedy, religion and violence on stage
Modern Japanese theatre and performance
A panoramic, state-of-the-art handbook destined to chart a course for future work in the field of early modern Hispanic theater studies. It begins in the closet with an essay on Celestina as closet drama and moves out into the court to explore intersections with courtly love. An essay on the comedia and the classics demonstrates this genre's firm grounding in the classical tradition, despite Lope de Vega's famous protestations to the contrary. Distinct but related genres such as the autos sacramentales and the entremeses also make an appearance. The traditional themes of honor and wife-murder share the stage with less familiar topics like the incorporation of animals into performance. This volume covers the urban space of the city in Spain and Portugal as well as uncharted territories in the New World and Japan. Essays on emblems and the picaresque round out this anthology, along with studies of theatrical representations of early modern innovations in science and technology. The book concludes with two different psychoanalytical approaches, focused on melancholy and Lacanian tragedy, respectively. This collection incorporates the work of younger scholars along with established names in the field to synthesize the most exciting recent work on the comedia and related forms of early modern Hispanic theatrical production.
Drama, performance and debate : theatre and public opinion in the early modern period
The theatre of the absurd
Art, theatre, and opera in Paris, 1750-1850: exchanges and tensions maps some of the many complex and vivid connections between art, theatre, and opera in a period of dramatic and challenging historical change, thereby deepening an understanding of familiar (and less familiar) artworks, practices, and critical strategies in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Throughout this period, new types of subject matter were shared, fostering both creative connections and reflection on matters of decorum, legibility, pictorial, and dramatic structure. Correspondances were at work on several levels: conception, design, and critical judgement. In a time of vigorous social, political, and cultural contestation, the status and role of the arts and their interrelation came to be a matter of passionate public scrutiny.
Theatrical shows and ascetic lives : John Chrysostom's attack on spiritual marriage
Invitation to the theatre
Fantasies of empire : the Empire Theatre of Varieties and the licensing controversy of 1894
Although thoroughly grounded in the texts themselves and the cultural history of late antiquity, this study breaks new ground with its focus on issues of rhetoric, sexuality, and power."--BOOK JACKET.
Jig Cook and the Provincetown Players : theatre in ferment
Performing objects and theatrical things
Studies in Kabuki : its acting, music, and historical context
Early English stages : 1300 to 1660. 1, 1300 to 1576
The Scandinavian theatre : a short history
The history and technique of the Chinese classical theatre
Development and structure of theatre in Germany
The enemy on trial : early Soviet courts on stage and screen
From performance to print in Shakespeare's England
The queen's dumbshows : John Lydgate and the making of early theater
Italian opera and European theatre, 1680-1720 : plots, performers, dramaturgies
The theatre in history
Theories of the theatre : a historical and critical survey, from the Greeks to the present
The world of harlequin : a critical study of the commedia dell'arte
Theatre in Ireland = Drámaíoċt in Éirinn
Playwrights' theatre : the English Stage Company at the Royal Court Theatre
Dames of the theatre
English court theatre, 1558-1642
Swedish theatre
Pokój wyobraźni : słownik Tadeusza Kantora = Room of imagination : a Tadeusz Kantor dictionary
Shakespeare without class : misappropriations of cultural capital
Estonian theatre
Before orientalism : London's theatre of the East, 1576-1626
An introduction to the French theatre
Mask and scene : an introduction to a world view of theatre
A history of Chinese drama
Reflexivity in film and literature : from Don Quixote to Jean-Luc Godard
Essays on French comic drama from the 1640s to the 1780s
The art of memory
"Renaissance Acting Companies and their Plays explores the intimate and dynamic relationship between acting companies and playwrights in this seminal era in English theatre history. Siobhan Keenan's analysis includes chapters on the traditions and workings of contemporary acting companies, playwriting practices, stages and staging, audiences and patrons, each illustrated with detailed case studies of individual acting companies and their plays, including troupes such as Lady Elizabeth's players, 'Beeston's Boys' and the King's Men and works by Shakespeare, Jonson, Middleton, Brome and Heywood. "--
What is theatre? : incorporating The dramatic event and other reviews
Russian tragifarce : its cultural and political roots
A history of Scottish theatre
Elizabethan players in Sweden 1591-92
Drama of a nation : public theater in Renaissance England and Spain
New directions in theatre research : proceedings of the XIth FIRT/IFTR congress (selection)
All the world's a stage
Estonian state puppet theatre : the first decades
The history of the National Theatre
Seventeeth-century French drama : the background
Inventing the spectator : subjectivity and the theatrical experience in early modern France
"Performing Objects and Theatrical Things rethinks historical and contemporary theatre, performance, and cultural events from the perspective of the objects and things that activate stages, venues, environments, and archives. Embracing methodologies from across the humanities and social sciences, we understand physical materials as actants, with particular frequencies, energies, and potentials to affect human and nonhuman worlds. The texts, stage properties, instruments, costumes, photographs, and detritus that animate this collection emerge from the thirteenth- to the twenty-first century, traversing sites across Europe and North America. Challenging anthropocentric narratives that foreground humans as sole agents, our authors present object and 'thingcentric' methodologies that range from deeply personal autoethnographic reflections and close textual readings to carefully researched archival studies and rhizomatic explorations of an object's journey from one place and time to another"--
Mortal vision : the wisdom of Euripides
Theater outside Athens : drama in Greek Sicily and South Italy
Showboats : the history of an American institution
Theatre and identity in imperial Russia
Shakespeare and the spectacles of strangeness : The tempest and the transformation of Renaissance theatrical forms
The living stage : a history of the world theater
The voyage of contemporary Japanese theater
Curtain time : the story of the American theater
The golden age of the New Orleans theater
Gods of play : baroque festive performances as rhetorical discourse
A history of Japanese theater. 2, Bunraku and kabuki
Contemporary theatre 1953-1956
A pictorial history of the American theatre 1900-1950
A Jacobean company and its playhouse : the Queen's Servants at the Red Bull Theatre (c.1605-1619)
The theatre of nation : Irish drama and cultural nationalism, 1890-1916
The seven ages of the theatre
The Indian theatre
"Investigates the methodological problems that arise in some of the latest research on ancient Greek theatre."--Back cover.
British aisles : studies in English and Irish drama and theatre from medieval trough modern times
Shakespeare's stage
Ur-drama : the origins of theatre
A companion to early modern Hispanic theater
Powrót Chrystusa = The return of the Christ
The theatre in the fifties
Toward dramatic illusion : theatrical technique and meaning from Hardy to Horace
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
Readings from India
World theatre in pictures, from ancient times to modern Broadway
The frightful stage : political censorship of the theater in nineteenth-century Europe
Athenian tragedy in performance : a guide to contemporary studies and historical debates
The Elizabethan stage. 1
Moscow theatres
A history of the theatre
The Federal Theatre, 1935-1939 : plays, relief, and politics
Song and season : science, culture, and theatrical time in early modern Venice
Clowning and authorship in early modern theatre
Interpreting the theatrical past : essays in the historiography of performance
The traditional theater of Japan
European theatre 1960-1990 : cross-cultural perspectives
Japanese theatre
The Piscator experiment : the political theatre
History of the theatre
Re-imagining Greek tragedy on the American stage
A history of the American theatre from its origins to 1832
The live theatre : an introduction to the history and practice of the stage
The San Francisco stage : a history
A new chronology of Venetian opera and related genres, 1660-1760
Women finally began acting in 1660, well over a century after public playhouses first drew crowds in England. The appearance of the actress has riveted the scholarly gaze, but until now there has been little attention given to a crucial subject: her dramatic prologues and epilogues. Accompanying over ninety per cent of all performed and printed plays between 1660 and 1714, these customized comic verses that promoted the play evolved into essential theatrical elements, and they both contributed to and reflected a performer's success. Once dismissed by scholars as formulaic, prologues and epilogues should be included in scholars' analyses of Restoration and eighteenth-century plays in order for us to understand how Restoration audiences consumed plays. My project unites the Restoration actress and the dramatic prologue and epilogue in the first book-length study on the subject. Methodologically, it contributes to Restoration scholarship by bringing the critical lenses of performance and print culture theory to Restoration theatre. Because my study considers Restoration plays as both performances and publications, it treats plays as their original audiences perceived them, and thus expands our understanding of texts as performative and of performance as textual.
Modern American drama, 1945-2000
Theatres : an illustrated history
When the elephant broke out of the zoo : a festschrift for Donald Rayfield
The age of Shakespeare
Henry Purcell and the London stage
World theatre : the basics
Redefining British theatre history. [5], The performing century : nineteenth-century theatre's history / general editor: Peter Holland ; edited by Tracy C. Davis and Peter Holland
The performance of power : theatrical discourse and politics
The Oxford handbook of American drama
Sarah Bernhardt : a French actress on the English stage
African drama and performance
Art, theatre, and opera in Paris, 1750-1850 : exchanges and tensions
Modern popular theatre
English summary.
The Oxford handbook of the Georgian theatre, 1737-1832
Performing difference : representations of "the other" in film and theater
A survey of the history of the finnish theatre 1872-1905
Scottish theatre since the seventies
The Shakespearian playing companies
Theatre festivals of the Medici 1539-1637
Focusing on Christopher Marlowe, William Shakespeare, John Webster and John Milton, 'Martyrs and Players in Early Modern England' argues that the English tragedians reflected a response of the society to acts of religious violence. David Anderson explores a link between the unstable emotional response of society to religious executions in the Tudor-Stuart period, and the revival of tragic drama as a major cultural form for the first time since classical antiquity. Placing John Foxe at the center of his historical argument, he argues that Foxe's Book of Martyrs exerted a profound effect on the social conscience of English Protestantism in his own time and for the next century. While scholars have in recent years discussed the impact of Foxe and the martyrs on the period's literature, this book is the first to examine how these most vivid symbols of Reformation-era violence influenced the makers of tragedy. As the persecuting and the persecuted churches collided over the martyr's body, Anderson posits, stress fractures ran through the culture and into the playhouse; in their depictions of violence, the early modern tragedians focused on the ethical confrontation between collective power and the individual sufferer. 'Martyrs and Players in Early Modern England' sheds new light on the particular emotional energy of Tudor-Stuart tragedy, and helps explain why the genre reemerged at this time.
The Elizabethan stage
Gender in play on the Shakespearean stage : boy heroines and female pages
Theater in Israel
Staging stigma : a critical examination of the American freak show
A history of the theatre in Europe
New readings in theatre history
The English Shakespeare Company : the story of the Wars of the Roses 1986-1989
