http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27202 big data
big data
Big data and learning analytics in higher education : current theory and practice
Practical text analytics : interpreting text and unstructured data for business intelligence
Internet marketing and big data exploration
Big data : principles and best practices of scalable real-time data systems
Data just right : introduction to large-scale data & analytics
Database systems : design, implementation, and management
A Research of resource scheduling algorithm based on hadoop
"Lead your organization into the industrial revolution of analytics with The Analytics RevolutionThe topics of big data and analytics continue to be among the most discussed and pursued in the business world today. While a decade ago many people still questioned whether or not data and analytics would help improve their businesses, today virtually no one questions the value that analytics brings to the table. The Analytics Revolution focuses on how this evolution has come to pass and explores the next wave of evolution that is underway. Making analytics operational involves automating and embedding analytics directly into business processes and allowing the analytics to prescribe and make decisions. It is already occurring all around us whether we know it or not. The Analytics Revolution delves into the requirements for laying a solid technical and organizational foundation that is capable of supporting operational analytics at scale, and covers factors to consider if an organization is to succeed in making analytics operational. Along the way, you'll learn how changes in technology and the business environment have led to the necessity of both incorporating big data into analytic processes and making them operational. The book cuts straight through the considerable marketplace hype and focuses on what is really important. The book includes: An overview of what operational analytics are and what trends lead us to them Tips on structuring technology infrastructure and analytics organizations to succeed A discussion of how to change corporate culture to enable both faster discovery of important new analytics and quicker implementation cycles of what is discovered Guidance on how to justify, implement, and govern operational analytics The Analytics Revolution gives you everything you need to implement operational analytic processes with big data"--
Big data for dummies
Music Similarity and Retrieval : An Introduction to Audio- and Web-based Strategies
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
As we use the Web for social networking, shopping, and news, we leave a personal trail. These days, linger over a Web page selling lamps, and they will turn up at the advertising margins as you move around the Internet, reminding you, tempting you to make that purchase. Search engines such as Google can now look deep into the data on the Web to pull out instances of the words you are looking for. And there are pages that collect and assess information to give you a snapshot of changing political opinion. These are just basic examples of the growth of "Web intelligence", as increasingly sophisticated algorithms operate on the vast and growing amount of data on the Web, sifting, selecting, comparing, aggregating, correcting; following simple but powerful rules to decide what matters. While original optimism for Artificial Intelligence declined, this new kind of machine intelligence is emerging as the Web grows ever larger and more interconnected. Gautam Shroff takes us on a journey through the computer science of search, natural language, text mining, machine learning, swarm computing, and semantic reasoning, from Watson to self-driving cars. This machine intelligence may even mimic at a basic level what happens in the brain.
High-dimensional Big Data processing with dictionary learning and diffusion maps
An irreverent, provocative, and visually fascinating look at what our online lives reveal about who we really are--and how this deluge of data will transform the science of human behavior. Big Data is used to spy on us, hire and fire us, and sell us things we don't need. In Dataclysm, Christian Rudder puts this flood of information to an entirely different use: understanding human nature. Drawing on terabytes of data from Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, OkCupid, and many other sites, Rudder examines the terrain of human experience. He charts the rise and fall of America's most reviled word through Google Search, examines the new dynamics of collaborative rage on Twitter, and traces human migration over time, showing how groups of people move from certain small towns to the same big cities across the globe. And he grapples with the challenge of maintaining privacy in a world where these explorations are possible. Audacious, entertaining, and illuminating, Dataclysm is a portrait of our essential selves--and a first look at a revolution in the making. --
The human face of big data
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The data and analytics playbook : proven methods for governed data & analytic quality
The use of 'big data' for social sciences research : an application to corruption research
A seminal text, written by one of the world's leading experts in the field. In contrast to the hype and hubris of much media and business coverage, it provides a synoptic and truly critical analysis of 'big data', 'open data' and the emerging data landscape.
Fundamentals of big data : network analysis for research and industry
Streaming, sharing, stealing : big data and the future of entertainment
The industries of the future
The teachings in this book go beyond technologies, skills and processes. Each chapter's "thought exercises" challenge you to consider technology, business and management concepts in the context of your organization. These questions will help you evaluate next steps for making the technologies valuable to you. -Michael Goldberg, editor in chief, Data Informed (www.data-informed.com)
Creating value with big data analytics : making smarter marketing decisions
Balanced Large Scale Knowledge Matching Using LSH Forest
Big data, big innovation : enabling competitive differentation through business analytics
Information granularity, big data, and computational intelligence
The role of big data in Finnish companies and the implications of big data on management accounting
Game analytics among Finnish freemium developers
Big data revolution : what farmers, doctors and insurance agents teach us about discovering big data patterns
Data-ism : the revolution transforming decision making, consumer behavior, and almost everything else
With the advent of 'big data', that is, the online availability of large volumes of electronic data characterising all aspects of social life, new avenues of research have opened up both with its promises and caveats. Working with 'big data' requires a new research mindset in terms of obtaining data and analysing them. This methodology case study uses the example of an ongoing research project looking into high-level corruption in public procurement in Central and Eastern Europe.
Analysis of multivariate and high-dimensional data
Big Data can be a powerful tool for creating effective business solutions, but formulating and executing the right strategy requires a deep understanding of an increasingly complex subject. Big Data Revolution highlights the power, potential, and pitfalls of Big Data, providing the insight you need to improve business outcomes with innovation and the efficient use of technology. Companies are generating data faster than ever before, and that data can be leveraged to transform industries.
Repurposing legacy data : innovative case studies
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Data mining and predictive analytics
Quantified Bodies in the Checking Loop : Analyzing the Choreographies of Biomonitoring and Generating Big Data
Web-scale data management for the cloud
Python for data science for dummies
The evolution from decision support systems (DSS) to big data analytics : the case of executive analytics : managerial dilemma on DSS, advanced analytics & IS leadership
Expanded to cover the latest in business intelligence-big data, cloud, mobile, visual data discovery, and in-memory-this fully updated bestseller by BI guru Cindi Howson provides the most modern techniques to exploit BI for the highest ROI.
Knowledge management in organizations : 9th International Conference, KMO 2014, Santiago, Chile, September 2-5, 2014, Proceedings
Handbook of Big Data
Too big to ignore : the business case for big data
User interface conception for asset management system
The foundations of EU data protection law
The data revolution : big data, open data, data infrastructures and their consequences
The challenge of big data : searching for the balance between IP rights and personal data protection
Discovering the core logic and purpose of enterprise architecture as a holistic approach to business execution
Dataclysm : who we are* *when we think no one's looking
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Strategy is digital : how companies can use big data in the value chain
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Real-world data mining : applied business analytics and decision making
Big data : the essential guide to work, life and learning in the age of insight
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Big data and internet of things : a roadmap for smart environments
"'Big data' poses challenges that require both classical multivariate methods and contemporary techniques from machine learning and engineering. This modern text integrates the two strands into a coherent treatment, drawing together theory, data, computation and recent research. The theoretical framework includes formal definitions, theorems and proofs, which clearly set out the guaranteed 'safe operating zone' for the methods and allow users to assess whether data is in or near the zone. Extensive examples showcase the strengths and limitations of different methods in a range of cases: small classical data; data from medicine, biology, marketing and finance; high-dimensional data from bioinformatics; functional data from proteomics; and simulated data. High-dimension, low-sample-size data gets special attention. Several data sets are revisited repeatedly to allow comparison of methods. Generous use of colour, algorithms, Matlab code and problem sets complete the package. The text is suitable for graduate students in statistics and researchers in data-rich disciplines"--
Big data and analytics : strategic and organizational impacts
Biomonitoring digital devices have become popular in physical activities and are receiving intensive focus as motivational and support vehicles for health. The aim of this article is to develop a new theoretical framework to analyze biomonitoring from the two perspectives constituting the opposite ends of the big data spectrum: individual (micro) and institutional (macro). In applying phenomenology of the body, discussions of choreography, and Latour's actor-network theory, I seek to evolve a choreography-based approach that can outline feedback systems between embodied practices and the macrolevel choreography of big data. Health informatics data as economic and political assets are illustrated based on netnography. Netnographic methodology pays close attention to online fieldwork and media texts. Emphasizing the lived body in the analysis of knowledge infrastructure, I aim to contribute to the theoretical discussion of human-data interaction. The findings suggest that highly intimate, personal technology can distance people from their lived bodies.
Algorithmic life : calculative devices in the age of big data
Big high-dimensional data analysis with diffusion maps
Data : now bigger and better!
Numbersense : how to use big data to your advantage
"Bridging the gap between the marketer who must put text analytics to use and the increasingly rarefied community of data analysis experts, Practical Text Analytics is an accessible guide to the many remarkable advances in text analytics that specialists are discussing among themselves. Instead of being a resource for programmers, a book on theory or an introduction on how to use advanced statistical programs, this daily reference resource cuts through the profusion of jargon, evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of various methods and serving as a guide to what is credible in this fast-moving and often confusing field. Practical Text Analytics provides guidance on the application of text analytics for marketing professionals who must interpret the results and apply them in their campaigns. It presents the process of analysis in ways that people who use the data need to see them, helping marketers to clarify and organize confidently the confusing array of methods, frame the right questions and apply the results successfully to find meaning in any unstructured data and develop powerful new marketing strategies. About the series: The Marketing Science series makes difficult topics accessible to marketing students and practitioners by grounding them in business reality. Each book is written by an expert in the field and includes case studies and illustrations so marketers can gain confidence in applying the tools and techniques and commission external research"--
Information systems management in the big data era
Beautiful Data is both a history of big data and interactivity, and a sophisticated meditation on ideas about vision and cognition in the second half of the twentieth century. Contending that our forms of attention, observation, and truth are contingent and contested, Orit Halpern historicizes the ways that we are trained, and train ourselves, to observe and analyze the world. Tracing the postwar impact of cybernetics and the communication sciences on the social and human sciences, design, arts, and urban planning, she finds a radical shift in attitudes toward recording and displaying information. These changed attitudes produced what she calls communicative objectivity: new forms of observation, rationality, and economy based on the management and analysis of data. Halpern complicates assumptions about the value of data and visualization, arguing that changes in how we manage and train perception, and define reason and intelligence, are also transformations in governmentality. She also challenges the paradoxical belief that we are experiencing a crisis of attention caused by digital media, a crisis that can be resolved only through intensified media consumption.
Privacy, big data, and the public good : frameworks for engagement
Big data : algorithms, analytics, and applications
BITA’13 Proceedings of Seminar on Current Topics in Business, Information Technology and Analytics
Quantified bodies in the checking loop : analyzing the choreographies of biomonitoring and generating big data
The intelligent enterprise in the era of big data
Taming big knowledge evolution
The Internet of us : knowing more and understanding less in the age of big data
This book provides background as to how analytical solutions and enterprise architecture methodologies and concepts have evolved (including the roles of data warehouses, business intelligence tools, predictive analytics, data discovery, big data, and the impact of the internet of things). It combines practical advice with technical considerations to help you grasp the big picture of the trend toward enterprise analytic solutions; define and validate a vision for a future state within your organization; ensure that your vision is aligned with line-of-business needs; understand available skills and align your IT infrastructure to the new vision; address data governance, security, data quality, and other important attributes; implement the new vision while dealing successfully with changes in scope.
The decoded company : know your talent better than you know your customers
Leverage big data to add value to your business Social media analytics, web-tracking, and other technologies help companies acquire and handle massive amounts of data to better understand their customers, products, competition, and markets.
Big Data 2.0 Processing Systems : A Survey
Storm applied : strategies for real-time event processing
Think bigger : developing a successful big data strategy for your business
"Google amazes us by generating answers before we even finish asking a question. Netflix delights us with spot-on recommendations. These companies use the power of Big Data-the collection and analysis of massive amounts of information. It's one of the hottest concepts in business. But while many companies are embracing Big Data to understand their customers, very few are applying it to their own employees. One of the pioneers in that effort has been acclaimed digital marketing agency Klick Health. Now Klick's leaders share the principles that guided their fast growth and low turnover. Klick CEO Leerom Segal and his colleagues show how personalizing each employee's experience can increase their engagement, help them learn new skills faster, and be placed with the right teams. The authors outline the three transformative ideas they've developed for "decoding" any company or department-figuring out what really makes it tick, so you can maximize its potential. The authors share success stories from Klick and other organizations, and offer a bold new approach to designing and managing a workplace. The result is a groundbreaking book for any company that wants the best from its people"--
This book provides a summary of the manifold audio- and web-based approaches to music information retrieval (MIR) research. In contrast to other books dealing solely with music signal processing, it addresses additional cultural and listener-centric aspects and thus provides a more holistic view. Consequently, the text includes methods operating on features extracted directly from the audio signal, as well as methods operating on features extracted from contextual information, either the cultural context of music as represented on the web or the user and usage context of music. Following the prevalent document-centered paradigm of information retrieval, the book addresses models of music similarity that extract computational features to describe an entity that represents music on any level (e.g., song, album, or artist), and methods to calculate the similarity between them. While this perspective and the representations discussed cannot describe all musical dimensions, they enable us to effectively find music of similar qualities by providing abstract summarizations of musical artifacts from different modalities. The text at hand provides a comprehensive and accessible introduction to the topics of music search, retrieval, and recommendation from an academic perspective. It will not only allow those new to the field to quickly access MIR from an information retrieval point of view but also raise awareness for the developments of the music domain within the greater IR community. In this regard, Part I deals with content-based MIR, in particular the extraction of features from the music signal and similarity calculation for content-based retrieval. Part II subsequently addresses MIR methods that make use of the digitally accessible cultural context of music. Part III addresses methods of collaborative filtering and user-aware and multi-modal retrieval, while Part IV explores current and future applications of music retrieval and recommendation.>.
Bita'13 : Proceedings of Seminar on Current Topics in Business, Information Technology and Analytics
Big data analytics : from strategic planning to enterprise integration with tools, techniques, NoSQL, and graph
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work and think
To the cloud : big data in a turbulent world
This timely text/reference explores the business and technical issues involved in the management of information systems in the era of big data and beyond. The book presents a solid introduction to the concepts of information systems and big data, guiding the reader from first principles and making extensive use of examples to promote a deeper understanding of both theory and practice. Topics and features: Presents review questions and discussion topics in each chapter for classroom group work and individual research assignments Discusses the potential use of a variety of big data tools and techniques in a business environment, explaining how these can fit within an information systems strategy Reviews existing theories and practices in information systems, and explores their continued relevance in the era of big data Describes the key technologies involved in information systems in general and big data in particular, placing these technologies in an historic context Suggests areas for further research in this fast moving domain Equips readers with an understanding of the important aspects of a data scientist?s job Provides hands-on experience to further assist in the understanding of the technologies involved With a Foreword by Professor Richard Hill, Head of the Department of Computing and Mathematics at the University of Derby, UK This comprehensive and accessible work is eminently suitable for modular courses on modern information systems, for students of both computer science and management. Professionals interested in data science in the context of how it can be used in business will also find the book to be ideal for self-study.
Big data beyond the hype : a guide to conversations for today's data center
Principles of Big Data helps readers avoid the common mistakes that endanger all Big Data projects. By stressing simple, fundamental concepts, this book teaches readers how to organize large volumes of complex data, and how to achieve data permanence when the content of the data is constantly changing. General methods for data verification and validation, as specifically applied to Big Data resources, are stressed throughout the book. The book demonstrates how adept analysts can find relationships among data objects held in disparate Big Data resources, when the data objects are endo.
Data warehousing in the age of big data
Predictive marketing : easy ways every marketer can use customer analytics and big data
Principles of big data : preparing, sharing, and analyzing complex information
The state of Business Intelligence : in Finnish enterprises
This book focuses on the uses of big data in the context of higher education. The book describes a wide range of administrative and operational data gathering processes aimed at assessing institutional performance and progress in order to predict future performance, and identifies potential issues related to academic programming, research, teaching and learning​. Big data refers to data which is fundamentally too big and complex and moves too fast for the processing capacity of conventional database systems. The value of big data is the ability to identify useful data and turn it into useable information by identifying patterns and deviations from patterns​.
Where the animals go
Knowledge discovery using diffusion maps
Big data and social science : a practical guide to methods and tools
Knowledge management in organizations : 10th International Conference, KMO 2015, Maribor, Slovenia, August 24-28, 2015, Proceedings
Algorithmic cultures : essays on meaning, performance and new technologies
Our newly digital world is generating an almost unimaginable amount of data about all of us. Such a vast amount of data is useless without plans and strategies that are designed to cope with its size and complexity, and which enable organisations to leverage the information to create value. This book is a refreshingly practical, yet theoretically sound roadmap to leveraging big data and analytics. Creating Value with Big Data Analytics provides a nuanced view of big data development, arguing that big data in itself is not a revolution but an evolution of the increasing availability of data that has been observed in recent times. Building on the authors' extensive academic and practical knowledge, this book aims to provide managers and analysts with strategic directions and practical analytical solutions on how to create calue from existing and new big data.
Big data and competition policy
Make personalized marketing a reality with this practical guide to predictive analytics Predictive Marketing is a predictive analytics primer for organizations large and small, offering practical tips and actionable strategies for implementing more personalized marketing immediately.
Big data imperatives : enterprise big data warehouse, BI implementations and analytics
The analytics revolution : how to improve your business by making analytics operational in the big data era
Data-ism : inside the big data revolution
Massive amounts of data on human beings can now be analyzed. Pragmatic purposes abound, including selling goods and services, winning political campaigns, and identifying possible terrorists. Yet 'big data' can also be harnessed to serve the public good: scientists can use big data to do research that improves the lives of human beings, improves government services, and reduces taxpayer costs. In order to achieve this goal, researchers must have access to this data - raising important privacy questions. What are the ethical and legal requirements? What are the rules of engagement? What are the best ways to provide access while also protecting confidentiality? Are there reasonable mechanisms to compensate citizens for privacy loss? The goal of this book is to answer some of these questions. The book's authors paint an intellectual landscape that includes legal, economic, and statistical frameworks. The authors also identify new practical approaches that simultaneously maximize the utility of data access while minimizing information risk. -- Back cover
The intelligent web : search, smart algorithms, and big data
"The advent of cloud computing and big data has radically altered the important role of innovation as a strategy for responding to the rapidly changing nature of an increasingly interconnected online world. This situation has necessitated revisions in the strategic concepts associated with sustaining long term performance by exploiting new technologies. Understanding of these new strategic approaches is provided by examining how the online world is being exploited by organisations in sectors of a modern economy such retailing, service firms, healthcare and the public sector in terms of creating new forms of competitive advantage within both pure play and terrestrial environments as a consequence of the advent of mobile technology and online social networks"--
This book presents a range of cloud computing platforms for data-intensive scientific applications. It covers systems that deliver infrastructure as a service, including: HPC as a service; virtual networks as a service; scalable and reliable storage; algorithms that manage vast cloud resources and applications runtime; and programming models that enable pragmatic programming and implementation toolkits for eScience applications. Many scientific applications in clouds are also introduced, such as bioinformatics, biology, weather forecasting and social networks. Most chapters include case studies. Cloud Computing for Data-Intensive Applications targets advanced-level students and researchers studying computer science and electrical engineering. Professionals working in cloud computing, networks, databases and more will also find this book useful as a reference.
Cloud computing for data-intensive applications
Manifold learning from structured kernels and out of sample extensions
Data analysis in the cloud : models, techniques and applications
Weapons of math destruction : how big data increases inequality and threatens democracy
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
"In conclusion as you come to the end of this book, the concept of a Data Warehouse and its primary goal of serving the enterprise version of truth, and being the single platform for all the source of information will continue to remain intact and valid for many years to come. As we have discussed across many chapters and in many case studies, the limitations that existed with the infrastructures to create, manage and deploy Data Warehouses have been largely eliminated with the availability of Big Data technologies and infrastructure platforms, making the goal of the single version of truth a feasible reality. Integrating and extending Big Data into the Data Warehouse, and creating a larger decision support platform will benefit businesses for years to come. This book has touched upon governance and information lifecycle management aspects of Big Data in the larger program, however you can reuse all the current program management techniques that you follow for the Data Warehouse for this program and even implement agile approaches to integrating and managing data in the Data Warehouse. Technologies will continue to evolve in this spectrum and there will be more additions of solutions, which can be integrated if you follow the modular integration approaches to building and managing the Data Warehouse. The Appendix sections contain many more case studies and a special section on Healthcare Information Factory based on Big Data approaches. These are more guiding posts to help you align your thoughts and goals to building and integrating Big Data in your Data Warehouse"--
The intelligent web : search, smart algorithms and big data
Recent advances in salient object detection : towards object recognition in Big Media Data
The authors invited more than 100 journalists worldwide to use photographs, charts and essays to explore the world of big data and its growing influence on our lives and society.
Automated Data Collection with R : a practical guide to web scraping and text mining
Big data in practice : how 45 successful companies used big data analytics to deliver extraordinary results
This case study uses a study of fan blog commentary to explain how researchers decide precisely what text to gather from the internet as well as how they identify the locations of that content, decide exactly which website from which to gather data, and how to get the data from the internet into text files for analysis.
"Data are generated at an exponential rate all over the world. Through advanced algorithms and analytics techniques, organizations can harness this data, discover hidden patterns, and use the findings to make meaningful decisions. Containing contributions from leading experts in their respective fields, this book bridges the gap between the vastness of big data and the appropriate computational methods for scientific and social discovery. It also explores related applications in diverse sectors, covering technologies for media/data communication, elastic media/data storage, cross-network media/data fusion, SaaS, and more"--
We live in the era of “Big Data”: Petabytes of digital information are generated daily, and need to be processed and analyzed for interesting patterns and trends. Besides volume, a defining characteristic of Big Data is its velocity; that is, data is instantiated in the form of continuous, high-speed data streams that arrive at rapid rates, and need to be processed and analyzed on a continuous (24x7) basis. Such data streams pose very difficult challenges for conventional data-management architectures, which are built primarily on the concept of persistent, static data collections. This volume focuses on the theory and practice of data stream management, and the novel challenges this emerging domain poses for data-management algorithms, systems, and applications. The collection of chapters, contributed by authorities in the field, offers a comprehensive introduction to both the algorithmic/theoretical foundations of data streams, as well as the streaming systems and applications built in different domains. A short introductory chapter provides a brief summary of some basic data streaming concepts and models, and discusses the key elements of a generic stream query processing architecture. Subsequently, Part I focuses on basic streaming algorithms for some key analytics functions (e.g., quantiles, norms, join aggregates, heavy hitters) over streaming data. Part II then examines important techniques for basic stream mining tasks (e.g., clustering, classification, frequent itemsets). Part III discusses a number of advanced topics on stream processing algorithms, and Part IV focuses on system and language aspects of data stream processing with surveys of influential system prototypes and language designs. Part V then presents some representative applications of streaming techniques in different domains (e.g., network management, financial analytics). Finally, the volume concludes with an overview of current data streaming products and new application domains (e.g. cloud computing, big data analytics, and complex event processing), and a discussion of future directions in this exciting field. The book provides a comprehensive overview of core concepts and technological foundations, as well as various systems and applications, and is of particular interest to students, lecturers and researchers in the area of data stream management. .
Selecting, scraping, and sampling big data sets from the internet : fan blogs as exemplar
SQL on big data : technology, architecture, and innovation
Intrusion detection applications using knowledge discovery and data mining
Data Stream Management : Processing High-Speed Data Streams
This book provides readers the “big picture” and a comprehensive survey of the domain of big data processing systems. For the past decade, the Hadoop framework has dominated the world of big data processing, yet recently academia and industry have started to recognize its limitations in several application domains and big data processing scenarios such as the large-scale processing of structured data, graph data and streaming data. Thus, it is now gradually being replaced by a collection of engines that are dedicated to specific verticals (e.g. structured data, graph data, and streaming data). The book explores this new wave of systems, which it refers to as Big Data 2.0 processing systems. After Chapter 1 presents the general background of the big data phenomena, Chapter 2 provides an overview of various general-purpose big data processing systems that allow their users to develop various big data processing jobs for different application domains. In turn, Chapter 3 examines various systems that have been introduced to support the SQL flavor on top of the Hadoop infrastructure and provide competing and scalable performance in the processing of large-scale structured data. Chapter 4 discusses several systems that have been designed to tackle the problem of large-scale graph processing, while the main focus of Chapter 5 is on several systems that have been designed to provide scalable solutions for processing big data streams, and on other sets of systems that have been introduced to support the development of data pipelines between various types of big data processing jobs and systems. Lastly, Chapter 6 shares conclusions and an outlook on future research challenges. Overall, the book offers a valuable reference guide for students, researchers and professionals in the domain of big data processing systems. Further, its comprehensive content will hopefully encourage readers to pursue further research on the subject.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Advanced analytics with Spark
Big data and the internet of things : enterprise information architecture for a new age
Finding value in big data : statistical analysis of large data sets with applications in electric power systems
Successful business intelligence : unlock the value of BI & big data
Beautiful Data : A History of Vision and Reason since 1945
Realization of Big Data Analytics Tool for optimization processes within the Finnish engineering company
This book presents and discusses the main strategic and organizational challenges posed by Big Data and analytics in a manner relevant to both practitioners and scholars. The first part of the book analyzes strategic issues relating to the growing relevance of Big Data and analytics for competitive advantage, which is also attributable to empowerment of activities such as consumer profiling, market segmentation, and development of new products or services. Detailed consideration is also given to the strategic impact of Big Data and analytics on innovation in domains such as government and education and to Big Data-driven business models. The second part of the book addresses the impact of Big Data and analytics on management and organizations, focusing on challenges for governance, evaluation, and change management, while the concluding part reviews real examples of Big Data and analytics innovation at the global level. The text is supported by informative illustrations and case studies, so that practitioners can use the book as a toolbox to improve understanding and exploit business opportunities related to Big Data and analytics.
