http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27213 radicalisation
radicalisation
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
ISIS : the state of terror
The psychology of radicalization and terrorism
Radicalization in Western Europe : integration, public discourse and loss of identity among Muslim communities
"How did a group of religious fanatics, clad in black pajamas and armed to the teeth, manage to carve out a violent, fundamentalist "Islamic state" in wide swaths of Syria and Iraq? How did the widely celebrated revolution against Syrian dictator Bashar Assad descend into a movement led by a psychopathically violent band of jihadists dedicated to the destruction of America? And just who are these brutal Islamic militants--many speaking unaccented English and holding European passports--beheading Western hostages in slickly produced videos? In Isis: Inside the Army of Terror, Syrian journalist Hassan Hassan and American analyst Michael Weiss explain how the terrorists of ISIS evolved from a nearly defeated insurgent group into a jihadi army--armed with American military hardware and the capability to administer a functioning state. Weiss and Hassan, who have both been on the frontlines of the Syrian revolution, have interviewed dozens of experts, American military and intelligence officials, and ISIS fighters to paint the first comprehensive picture of the rise and expansion of America's most formidable terrorist enemy. ISIS: Inside the Army of Terror is destined to become the standard text on a terror group that, unfortunately, shows no signs of going away" --
Radicalized : new Jihadists and the threat to the West
Challenges how Americans think about terrorism, recruitment, and the homegrown threat. Security and public policy expert Erroll Southers examines post-9/11 homegrown violent extremism - what it is, the conditions enabling its existence, and approaches that can reduce the risk. The book contains essential information for communities, security practitioners, and policymakers on how violent extremists exploit vulnerabilities in their communities and offers approaches to put security theory into practice.
Salafi-Jihadism : the history of an idea
The Muslims are coming! : Islamophobia, extremism, and the domestic war on terror
Friction : how radicalization happens to them and us
The gender of extremes : the radicalisation of young male football supporters during the German occupation of Denmark
Summary.
The making of a terrorist : recruitment, training, and root causes. Vol. 1, Recruitment
Isis : inside the army of terror
Bastards of utopia : living radical politics after socialism
Soccer vs. the state : tackling football and radical politics
The making of a terrorist : recruitment, training, and root causes. Vol. 3, Root causes
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
New approaches to countering terrorism : designing and evaluating counter radicalization and de-radicalization programs
Peace, integration & human rights
Examines the effects of big money interests of television and huge stadiums and corrupt politicians on the sport. Explores a radical soccer underground that sees the soccer as "the people's game" and tries to use it to effect fundamental change.
The islamic state of Iraq and Syria : the history of Isis/Isil
Islamic movements of Europe : public religion and islamophobia in the modern world
'We love death as you love life' : Britain's suburban terrorists
Rebel music : race, empire and the new Muslim youth culture
Muslims Are Coming
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
The lives of others
"Throughout history, factors of radicalization have involved social and economic conditions and issues of identity. Patterns of Islamist radicalization in Europe reflect the historical experience of European Muslim communities, particularly their links to their home countries, the prevalence of militant groups there, and the extent to which factors of radicalization in Muslim countries transfer to European Muslim diasporas. Eurojihad examines the sources of radicalization in Muslim communities in Europe and the responses of European governments and societies. In an effort to understand the scope and dynamics of Islamist extremism and terrorism in Europe, this book takes into account recent developments, in particular the emergence of Syria as a major destination of European jihadists. Angel Rabasa and Cheryl Benard describe the history, methods, and evolution of jihadist networks in Europe with particular nuance, providing a useful primer for the layperson and a sophisticated analysis for the expert"--
Radical : my journey from Islamist extremism to a democratic awakening
Eurojihad : patterns of Islamist radicalization and terrorism in Europe
The roots of radical Islam
Homegrown violent extremism
Strategies for preventing terrorism
Sewing, fighting and writing : radical practices in work, politics and culture
The kill list
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
In the tracks of Breivik : far right networks in Northern and Eastern Europe
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
The making of a terrorist : recruitment, training, and root causes. Vol. 2, Training
