http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2720 quality control
quality control
Quality software management. Vol. 3, Congruent action
Quality control in food service
Quality progress
Software testing & quality engineering
Quality Management System according to AS9100-C
Global quality : the new management culture
Software inspection : an industry best practice
Quality and control : an accounting perspective
ISO 9000 : quality system development handbook
Project management metrics, KPIs, and dashboards : a guide to measuring and monitoring project performance
"This practical guide explains how to implement a strategic performance model and select and integrate appropriate metrics to achieve desired goals." -- from back cover.
Statistical methods in mechanics part verification
Agile project and service management : delivering IT services using ITIL, PRINCE2 and DSDM Atern
"The Science of Meat Quality looks at the development of quality meat products from the physiological processes that result in meat development through to final consumption of meat products. Each chapter opens with theoretical foundations to meat science practices alongside methodologies for measuring quality in relation specific aspects of meat and also provides the necessary tools to interpreting information gleaned from quality experimentation. The Science of Meat Quality will be an essential purchase for all animal and meat scientists concerned with the production of quality meat products"--
Metrics-driven enterprise software development : effectively meeting evolving business needs
Six sigma for everyone
CMII for business process infrastructure
Quality dimensions of eLearning services: Case of Datafisher Oy
Quality controlling in the Finnish Municipalities
Achieving competitive advantage through quality management
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Some change detection and time-series forecasting algorithms for an electronics manufacturing process
"Business cases can be useful in relating various value propositions to the success of the organization. In developing business cases, value propositions are aligned with the organization's prioritization criteria and consolidated with the current initiatives. This book explains how to conduct a cost/benefit analysis and how to analyze risk and return of value propositions. It describes how to map value propositions against improvement matrices as well as how to prioritize value propositions. It also discusses how to review and approve initial business cases"--
Reference materials in quality assurance of testing laboratories
Quality-control handbook
Foundations of software measurement
The Six Sigma Way : How to Maximize the Impact of Your Change and Improvement Efforts
Introduction to semiconductor device yield modeling
The pursuit of quality : how organisations in the United Kingdom are attaining excellence through quality certification & total quality management systems
Quality control in the food industry. Vol. 3
The new ISO 9001:2015 : Its opportunities and challenges
Visual control systems
Modern methods for quality control and improvement
Impact of the application of ISO 9000 and ISO 14000 on selected industrial sectors : case studies
Quality without tears : the art of hassle-free management
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-second report
Quality assurance and TQM for analytical laboratories
Statistical control by monitoring and feedback adjustment
Quality food in quantity : management and science
Environmental management system ISO 14001:2004 & EMAS : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful  from the average?
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
The benchmarking management guide
Quality forecasting tool for electronics manufacturing
Integrated product and process design and development : the product realization process
"This book provides an in-depth study of the development of quality meat products, from the physiological processes that result in meat development through to final consumption of meat products. Each chapter opens with theoretical foundations to meat science practices alongside methodologies for measuring quality in relation to specific aspects of meat. Providing the necessary tools to interpret information gleaned from quality experimentation, this book is an essential purchase for all animal and meat scientists concerned with the production of quality meat products"--
NLN Regulatory Seminars 1995 : quality assessment of natural remedies : 22-23 August 1995, Badhotellet, Nådendal/Naantali, Finland
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-fourth report
Quality control workbook
Quality control in the food industry. Vol. 2
Current State Analysis and Process Harmonization for Miscellaneous Invoicing : UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Daily quality assurance of MR -guided focused ultrasound treatment system using a heating phantom
"Value propositions are potential answers to each business performance issue. They are the going in assumptions about future research results. If uniquely proven true, the potential answers become conclusions that should fully address each issue. This book identifies key opportunities to provide value for the organization. It focuses analysis on necessary data collection efforts and provides direction and motivation for the improvement process. It details a method for continuous review of the improvement process and encourages timeliness through digital-setting and milestones"--
The crisis of food brands : sustaining safe, innovative and competitive food supply
Drinking water quality and network materials in Finland : summary report
Taguchi methods : proceedings of the 1988 European conference
Solid software
Quality control in the food industry. Vol. 4
Human δ opioid receptor:the effect of Phe27Cys polymorphism, N-linked glycosylation and SERCA2b interaction on receptor processing and trafficking
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 7B, Guidelines : veterinary medicinal products : immunologicals, quality
Total quality management
Practical guidance for quality systems in medical laboratories 1999
Analysis of Cosmetic Products advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products. In the format of an easy-to-understand compendium of published literature on the subject, this book will enable people working in the cosmetic industry or in research laboratories to: * become familiar with the main legislative and analytical literature on this subject and  * learn about and choose suitable analytical procedures for production monitoring and control of cosmetic p
The science of meat quality
Guide to Quality Control
Managing service quality. Volume 3
Quality characterization of tissue and newsprint paper based on image measurements : possibilities of on-line imaging
Total quality : a manager's guide for the 1990s
The development of quality assurance in testing laboratories : seminar in Copenhagen 4.-5. November 1992.
Naturalizing quality management : a problem of organizing in processes of change
Measuring the success of Six Sigma projects
Agile project and service management : delivering IT services using ITIL, PRINCE2 and DSDM
Quality software management. Volume 2, First-order measurement
Measurement tools for quality assurance in medical laboratories
Occupational therapy and mental health
Software inspection process
Maximizing value propositions to increase project success rates
Design for Six Sigma in product and service in development : applications and case studies
ITIL For Dummies
Handbook of statistics. Vol. 7, Quality control and reliability
Mathematical methods of statistical quality control
SPC and continuous improvement
Software quality : a framework for success in software development and support
Management of quality : strategies to improve quality and the bottom line
STQE : the software testing & quality engineering magazine
Quality assurance for information systems : methods, tools and techniques
Essays on strategic management and quality assurance
Laboratory quality systems : actions in cases of complaint and disturbances
Effective FMEAs : achieving safe, reliable, and economical products and processes using failure mode and effects analysis
Accurate results in the clinical laboratory : a guide to error detection and correction
Analysis of the quality of wastewater from the service stations located in the operative area of Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority
Quality control for profit : gaining the competitive edge
Measurement and calibration for quality assurance
Food & drink : good manufacturing practice : a guide to its responsible management
Added value in design and construction
An examination of the establishment and maintenance costs of an accreditation and the including quality control system
The McGraw-Hill 36-hour course : lean six sigma
The practical guide to defect prevention
Training material in quality assurance for laboratory employees
"Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) is a data-driven quality strategy for designing products and services. The goal of DFSS is to avoid process problems using systems engineering techniques. DFSS consists of five interconnected phases: Define, Measure, Analyze, Design, Verify. This book provides a detailed description of how to apply DFSS in product and service development. It provides instructional strategies, an overview of benefits and uses, and a roadmap that links several methodologies including organizational leadership, product development, system integration, critical parameter management, voice of the customer, quality function deployment, and concept generation"--
Quality control in fruit and vegetable processing
Cumulative sum charts and charting quality control
Measurement systems analysis : (MSA) : reference manual
Towards the high quality of population health surveys : standardization and quality control
Quality control in the food industry. Vol. 1
Software quality : theory and management
A wide spectral range imaging system : applications in wood industry
Quality control for the food industry. 2, Applications
"This book recognizes that correctly done FMEAs are essential to achieving high quality and reliability in products and processes, and are the central core of Design for Six Sigma, Design for Reliability and other Quality and Reliability programs. The Objective of the book is to define the correct procedure for doing FMEAs and to outline specifically how to successfully apply the FMEA procedure in design, development, manufacturing, and service applications. The book will also share the most common mistakes in doing FMEAs and how to turn these into quality objectives, as well as how to implement effective FMEA processes in companies. It is a practical book showing both the practitioner and manager the key elements of successful FMEA systems. It is based upon the author's extensive experience with thousands of FMEAs, and a many dozen of companies. The reader will understand how to do FMEA correctly, and how to implement effective FMEA programs"--
A modern approach to operations management
Quality audits for improved performance
Inspection errors for attributes in quality control
Modelling the rejection probability of a quality test consisting of multiple measurements
Intelligent methods in the electronics industry : quality analysis of automated soldering
Measuring service quality with mystery shopping : case H&M Kämp Galleria
Total quality management and operational excellence : text with cases
From sensors to reasons : fluidized bed spray granulation process monitoring by acoustic emission
Processed meats : improving safety, nutrition and quality
Statistical methods for quality assurance : basics, measurement, control, capability, and improvement
Quality assessment of technical methods in the Department of Clinical Neurophysiology
Introduction to quality engineering : designing quality into products and processes
Verification and validation of modern software-intensive systems
Manuals of food quality control. 9, Introduction to food sampling
Applied life data analysis
Making the case for change : using effective business cases to minimize project and innovation failures
Software metrics : a practioner's guide to improved product development
Service quality in package tour to Vietnam : travel agencies perspective
Software quality assurance : a practical approach
Deming's 14 points applied to services
When do we need calibration of equipment used in testing laboratories?
Key element guide ITIL® continual service improvement
Key element guide ITIL® service strategy
Production of a sandwich structure
The McGraw-Hill encyclopedia of quality terms & concepts
Production and operations management : focusing on quality and competitiveness
Food and drink laboratory accreditation : a practical approach
Jordbruksverkets foderkontroll 2000 = Feed control by the Swedish Board of Agriculture 2000
Handbook of quality tools : the Japanese approach
UN/ECE standard for porcine carcasses and cuts
Tolerance design : a handbook for developing optimal specifications
Learning and recognizing texture characteristics using local binary patterns
Meta-algorithmics : patterns for robust, low cost, high quality systems
Quality control and statistical methods
Quality engineering in production systems
Building engaged team performance : align your processes and people to achieve game-changing business results
'Analysis of Cosmetic Products' advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products.
The global quality management system : improvement through systems thinking
Accessorizing construction equipment
The certified quality engineer handbook
ISO 9000 : manufacturing, software and service
A computer-aided quality control method for the modification of AlSi12 melts
Internet survey as customer satisfaction research method : case: Hercules Finland Oy  -  Tampere Plant
Product quality development in global operations
Understanding quality assurance in construction / a practical guide to ISO 9000 for contractors
Lean production for the small company
Industrial and Manufacturing Systems
Managing quality : a practical guide to customer satisfaction
Knowledge-based decision support systems for production optimization and quality improvement in the electronics industry
Lean Six Sigma that works : a powerful action plan for dramatically improving quality, increasing speed, and reducing waste
Secrets of software quality : 40 innovations from IBM
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Evaluating EU expenditure programmes : a guide : ex post and intermediate evaluation
Quality management : guidelines for training
Assurance technologies : principles and practices
Achieving total quality management : a program for action
Quality through design : experimental design, off-line quality control and Taguchi's contributions
Two case studies on real time quality cost measurement in software business
Operations strategy
Introduction to software project management and quality assurance
The TQM magazine
Improving software quality : an insider's guide to TQM
Modern analysis of customer surveys : with applications using R
Near-infrared spectroscopy in food quality control
Statistical methods for quality improvement
Essentials of operations management
Managing and improving quality : integrating quality, statistical methods and process control
Implementing total quality management
Near Infrared spectroscopy, a quality control tool for the different steps in the manufacture of herbal medicinal products
MACHINE VISION AND OBJECT SORTING : PLC Communication with LabVIEW using OPC
Bakery food manufacture and quality : water control and effects
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-fifth report
Real-time systems' quality of service : introducing quality of service considerations in the life-cycle of real-time systems
Quality control for the food industry. Vol. 1
Analysis of cosmetic products
Quality management for organizational excellence : introduction to total quality
Legal practice management and quality standards
Total quality control : engineering and management : the technical and managerial field for improving product quality, including its reliability, and for reducing operating costs and losses
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 6A, Notice to applicants : Veterinary medicinal products, Procedures for marketing authorisation
Putting total quality management to work : what TQM means, how to use it & how to sustain it over the long run
Evaluation of seafood freshness quality. J. R. Botta
Improving test case review technique in Messaging test team
Statistical quality control : strategies and tools for continual improvement
Quality control for overcoring stress measurement data
Software fault injection : inoculating programs against errors
Design for Six Sigma : a practical approach through innovation
Quality control
Environmental management system ISO 14001 : 35 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book..
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivat prosessien parantamiselle terveyspalveluorganisaatioissa = Quality management systems : guidelines for process improvements in health service organizations
ISO 9000 : meeting the international standards
Raman and near-infrared spectroscopic methods for in-line monitoring of freeze-drying process
TO IMPROVE QUALITY MANAGEMENT PROCESS : Case: Aiya Restaurant Chain
Electrical power systems quality
Strategic continuous process improvement : which quality tools to use, and when to use them
