http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27245 philosophical theology
philosophical theology
Kantian reason and Hegelian spirit : the idealistic logic of modern theology
The Christian Platonism of Thomas Jackson
Providence, evil and the openness of God
The philosophical theology of Austin Farrer
Critical conversations : Michael Polanyi and Christian theology
Life together in the way of Jesus Christ : an introduction to Christian theology
Theology and philosophy : faith and reason
The quest for God & the good life : Lonergan's theological anthropology
The beauty of the infinite : the aesthetics of Christian truth
New directions in philosophical theology : essays in honour of Don Cupitt
For faith and clarity : philosophical contributions to Christian theology
Mobile performances : linguistic undecidability as possibility and problem in the theology of religions
Divine enticement : theological seductions
The yield : Kafka's atheological reformation
The United States is one of the most highly educated societies on earth, and also one of the most religious. In "The God Problem", Robert Wuthnow examines how middle class Americans juggle the seemingly paradoxical relationship between faith and reason. Based on exceptionally rich and candid interviews with approximately two hundred people from various faiths, this book dispels the most common explanations: that Americans are adept at keeping religion and intellect separate, or that they are a nation of "joiners". Instead, Wuthnow argues, we do this - not by coming up with rational proofs for the existence of God - but by adopting subtle usages of language that keep us from making unreasonable claims about God. In an illuminating narrative that reveals the complex negotiations many undertake in order to be religious in the modern world, Wuthnow probes the ways of talking that occur in prayers, in discussions about God, in views of heaven, in understandings of natural catastrophes and personal tragedies, and in attempts to reconcile faith with science.
Bodies and souls, or spirited bodies?
A reinterpretation of Kafka's oeuvre with analysis of the Zürau aphorisms, showing them to contain solutions to philosophical problems of modernity such as violence, discrimination, political repression, ethnic hatred, subjugation of the worker, and more.
According to the pre-modern Christian tradition, knowledge of God is mainly testimonial: we know certain important truths about God and divine things because God himself has told them to us. In academic theology of late this view is often summarily dismissed. But to do so is a mistake, claims Mats Wahlberg, who argues that the testimonial understanding of revelation is both intellectually viable and indispensable to Christian theology. Criticizing the currently common idea that revelation should be construed exclusively in terms of God's self manifestation in history or through inner experience, Wahlberg discusses the concept of divine testimony in the context of the debate about how any knowledge of God is possible. He draws on resources from contemporary analytic philosophy -- especially John McDowell and Nicholas Wolterstorff -- to argue for the intellectual viability of revelation as divine testimony." Review: Reinhard Hütter-- Duke Divinity School"An extraordinarily lucid and deftly argued philosophical defense and theological appropriation of revelation as testimony. Wahlberg's astute interrogation of Protestant liberal, neo-orthodox, and postliberal accounts of revelation alone is worth the price of the book, and his discussion of miracles in connection with testimony is one of the most intelligent I have read in recent years. The book's exemplary clarity and grace of style make it a delight to read. This is the best work on revelation by a philosophical theologian in years. "Tolle, lege!" Take and read!"Nicholas Wolterstorff-- Yale University"Mats Wahlberg's "Revelation as Testimony" is extraordinary -- extraordinary in its bold challenge to the widespread assumption by theologians that 'propositional revelation' is an untenable idea, extraordinary in the skill with which it employs recent discussions by philosophers to develop the idea of revelation as testimony, extraordinary in the cogency and lucidity of its argumentation. No responsible discussion of revelation henceforth -- whether by theological liberals or by theological conservatives -- can fail to take account of Wahlberg's penetrating discussion. I predict that it will be a 'game changer.'
How about studying St. Maximus the Confessor? What if we started reading him for his own sake? Since the rediscovery of St. Maximus in the aftermath of World War II, experts on Patristics and theologians from East and West have been keen to claim that they have the authority of St. Maximus on their side. But how could one ever settle conflicts of interpretation related to the teaching of St. Maximus when the content of this teaching remains largely unexplored? The organisers of the International Conference held in Helsinki in 2013 shared the conviction that if there was one intellectual task that could gather Maximus scholars and disciples from around the world and make them fruitfully interact with one another beyond their diverse Church affiliations, it was that of delving together into the very structure of Maximus' vision of the Cosmos. The volume which you presently have in your hands is the only piece of evidence that their assumption was not entirely mistaken.
The God problem : expressing faith and being reasonable
The architecture of the Cosmos : St Maximus the Confessor new perspectives
New proofs for the existence of God : contributions of contemporary physics and philosophy
Although Thomas Jackson (1579-1640) is recognized by scholars as the most important theologian of the Laudian church, hitherto there has been no comprehensive study of his philosophical theology. The reason for Jackson's neglect is that scholars have been puzzled by the sources, character and influence of his Christian Platonism. From a close and comprehensive reading of his magnum opus - a massive twelve book commentary on the Apostles' Creed - this book shows how Jackson regards the Platonic tradition as an essential and perennial resource for the Christian theologian, anticipating and informing central aspects of Christian theological speculation and belief, given by divine providence to help him interpret and defend his creed. Special attention is paid to the influence of Nicholas of Cusa (1401-1464) on Jackson, an important moment in the history of thought since the German cardinal is generally thought to have been without intellectual successors in the early modern period.
Culture and transcendence : a typology of transcendence
Calvin at the centre
Paths not taken : fates of theology from Luther to Leibniz
Theology, aesthetics, and culture : responses to the work of David Brown
Faithful reading : new essays in theology and philosophy in honour of Fergus Kerr, OP
"This collection of essays in philosophical theology boldly addresses many of the challenges faced by Christian theology in the context of contemporary postmodern thought. Through a series of profound discussions of theology in relation to epistemology, methodology, and science, J. Wentzel van Huyssteen presses the case for a "postfoundationalist theology" as a viable third option beyond the extremes of foundationalism and nonfoundationalism."--Jacket.
Divine intervention : metaphysical and epistemological puzzles
The object of this work is the interdisciplinary dialogue between natural sciences and Christian theology. The objective is to study the theological, epistemological and semantic conditions that make possible an articulation between scientific worldviews and theological discourses. In this study “to articulate” means that scientific theories and theological discourses do not share the same semantic horizon. At the same time, the verb “to articulate” implies that there is a possible mediation between scientific worldviews and systematic theology. The main thesis of this study is that an articulation between scientific worldviews and systematic theology is possible through the mediation of philosophy. Natural sciences and philosophy refer to the order of manifestation where real things appear as phenomena. Christian theology refers to the order of revelation where God communicates Himself to the human person. The relationship between these two orders can be expressed with the maxim: neither confusion nor separation. Furthermore, there is a positive formulation of that relation: revelation assumes and transfigures what is manifested. This model of relation is the fundamental theological condition that makes possible an articulation between natural sciences and theology. In addition, there is an epistemological condition: the homologous rational structure of each rational field (sciences, philosophy and theology). Based on these theological and epistemological conditions, this research work proposes a theological method that articulates scientific worldviews into systematic theology through the mediation of philosophy. The method seeks two objectives: (a) that theology remains in its epistemological boundaries and (b) to respect symmetrically the autonomy of natural sciences' procedures. Finally, the proposed method is applied to three examples: the elaboration of theological discourses, in dialogue with natural sciences, about (i) creation, (ii) human action and (iii) a spiritual contemplation of God's presence in the world. This research follows the contributions of two major scholars of the twentieth century: Jean Ladrière and Xavier Zubiri. Our considerations are based on the scholars' analyses of the plurality of epistemologies and their analyses of the intellectual act.
Religious naturalism today : the rebirth of a forgotten alternative
Realism and religion : philosophical and theological perspectives
In complex philosophical ways, theology is, should, and can be a "theopoetics" of multiplicity. The ambivalent term theopoetics is associated with poetry and aesthetic theory; theology and literature; and repressed literary qualities, myths, and metaphorical theologies. On a more profound basis, it questions the establishment of the difference between philosophy and theology and resides in the dangerous realm of relativism. The chapters in this book explore how the term theopoetics contributes to cutting-edge work in theology, philosophy, literature, and sociology.
The limits and possibilities of postmetaphysical God-talk : a conversation between Heidegger, Levinas and Derrida
Adam's dust and Adam's glory in the Hodayot and the letters of Paul : rethinking anthropogony and theology
This book offers a critical analysis of the varieties of contemporary naturalism - from scientific naturalism to religious naturalism. What are the claims of naturalism apart from its denial of 'the supernatural'? What are the distinctive modes of thought within contemporary religious naturalism? Some argue for a science-based worldview, others for a cosmic view of reality that includes human engagement and religious commitment - with or without God-talk. The book shows how an appeal to what is beyond empirically validated facts resurfaces within most varieties of naturalism. But it also points to the fact that immanentist frameworks are widely presupposed among contemporary theologians who do not describe themselves as 'naturalists'. Rival positions and conflicts of interpretations emerge as to the question of transcendence and the Beyond, and different philosophical theologies are at work - from the strict denial of theism to ground-of-being-theisms to classic and alternative views of the divine.
The philosophical frontiers of Christian theology : essays presented to D.M. MacKinnon
Analytic theism, Hartshorne, and the concept of God
The Oxford handbook of philosophical theology
David Brown is a widely-respected British theologian who initially made his mark in analytic discussions of Christian doctrine, such as the Trinity. However, with the publication of Tradition and Imagination: Revelation and Change (1999) his career entered a distinctly new phase, focused on theology, imagination, and the arts. Four related volumes followed, dealing with biblical interpretation, Christian discipleship, art and icons, place and space, the body, music, metaphor, drama, liturgy, the sacraments, religious experience, and popular culture. According to Brown, the fundamental thesis underlying all five volumes is that both natural and revealed theology are in crisis, and the only way out is to give proper attention to the cultural embeddedness of both. Theology, Aesthetics, and Culture is the first attempt to assess the significance of this remarkable series, and its contributors include some of the most prominent philosophers, theologians, historians, biblical scholars, literary scholars, and cultural critics writing today. Aside from its exceptional interdisciplinary range and ecumenical line-up, a distinctive feature is sustained consideration of Browns analysis of popular culture. Given the stature of the contributors, this volume is not merely of interest as a commentary on Browns work, but also makes an important original contribution to our understandings of theology, aesthetics, and culture as they relate to the life of the Church, academy, and human society.
Experience and the absolute : disputed questions on the humanity of man
Act and being : transcendental philosophy and ontology in systematic theology
Re-thinking Christianity
God and the philosophers
Identities of Christian traditions : an alternative for essentialism
Scripture and metaphysics : Aquinas and the renewal of Trinitarian theology
Fully informed reasonable disagreement and tradition based perspectivalism
Analytic theology : new essays in the philosophy of theology
Liberal faith : essays in honor of Philip Quinn
The death of God : an investigation into the history of the Western concept of God
Habermas and theology
God incarnate : explorations in Christology
Remythologizing theology : divine action, passion and authorship
Trinitarian self and salvation : an evangelical engagement with Rahner's rule
The severity of God : religion and philosophy reconceived
Revelation as testimony : a philosophical - theological study
Space and time : the relationship between ontology and eschatology in the philosophical theology of Paul Tillich
Postmetaphysics in this book is interpreted as thinking through metaphysics at the closure of metaphysics by thinking the impossible possibility of metaphysics. In this site of the closure of metaphysics and the turn to language, the grammar of faith is discovered as the grammar of language or writing (grammatology). The logic or grammatology of writing and thus of reality (context) is revealed, not contra to philosophy or metaphysics, but when thinking through metaphysics to its end (Heidegger) or closure (Derrida), and there in that site the grammar of faith is revealed as the grammar of texts and contexts and in such a site ''God" is a good name to save and hence the possibility of postmetaphysical God-talk. The book concludes with three oblique offerings with regard to such postmetaphysical God-talk, namely a construction of an image, theopoetics and finally holy folly in response to the limitations and possibilities of postmetaphysical God-talk in the light of the conversation between Heidegger, Levinas and Derrida.
Encounter between eastern orthodoxy and radical orthodoxy : transfiguring the world through the Word
Creation made free : open theology engaging science
Oxford readings in philosophical theology. Volume 1, Trinity, incarnation, atonement
Experience and spirit : a post-Hegelian philosophical theology
The unchanging God of love : Thomas Aquinas and contemporary theology on divine immutability
Apparently, people who are aware of the relevant facts and experiences in a belief forming situation, sometimes reasonably disagree about whether to believe and why. This study argues that such disagreements are possible, and that some purportedly fully informed reasonable disagreements are genuine, including cases involving disagreement about which beliefs about God are reasonably taken to be properly basic, given the facts of religious diversity and cases in which phenomenologically similar religious experiences properly ground a variety of religious beliefs. Drawing on the work of Alasdair MacIntyre, it also argues that Tradition-Based Perspectivalism - roughly, the view that foundational beliefs about what is reasonable to believe and why, are tradition-based and perspectival in nature, originating in and appropriately grounded only from the perspective of some tradition of inquiry or other - is true, and that its truth provides additional support for the claim that fully informed reasonable disagreement actually occurs.
The realist hope : a critique of anti-realist approaches in contemporary philosophical theology
Radical orthodoxy : a critical introduction
Faith and place : an essay in embodied religious epistemology
Identity and mystery in themes of Christian faith : late-Wittgensteinian perspectives
Pascal the philosopher : an introduction
Radical theology : selected essays
D. Z. Phillips' contemplative philosophy of religion : questions and responses
Thomas Aquinas on God and evil
Brümmer on meaning and the Christian faith : collected writings of Vincent Brümmer
Paradox in Christian theology : an analysis of its presence, character, and epistemic status
Criticism of religion : on Marxism and theology, II
Philosophy in the English-speaking world is dominated by analytic approaches to its problems and projects; but theology has been dominated by alternative approaches. Many would say that the current state in theology is not mere historical accident, but is, rather, how things ought to be. On the other hand, many others would say precisely the opposite: that theology as a discipline has been beguiled and taken captive by 'continental' approaches, and that the effects on the discipline have been largely deleterious. The methodological divide between systematic theologians and analytic philosophers of religion is ripe for exploration. The present volume represents an attempt to begin a much-needed interdisciplinary conversation about the value of analytic philosophical approaches to theological topics. Most of the essays herein are sympathetic toward the enterprise the editors are calling analytic theology; but, with an eye toward balance, the volume also includes essays and an introduction that try to offer more critical perspectives on analytic theology.
Learning to speak Christian
ustin Farrer (1904-1968), Warden of Keble College, Oxford, was a remarkably creative and significant figure in twentieth-century theology. Robert MacSwain argues that one explanation for Farrer's relative obscurity is that most commentators have focused on his metaphysics, and in particular on Finite and Infinite (1943), his monumental treatise of 'rational theology'. By contrast, MacSwain proposes an epistemological analysis that takes seriously the neglected but crucial theme of fideism in Farrer's thought. MacSwain charts the development of Farrer's thinking on the proper relation between faith and reason from 1924 to 1968-including his engagements with Karl Barth, logical positivism, Thomism, and Wittgensteinian philosophy-and offers a reading of Farrer that resonates with contemporary religious epistemology and the growing focus on spiritual praxis. The final chapter considers Farrer's provocative claim that the logical paradoxes of religious belief are 'solved by sacrifice' in the lives of those whom we recognise as 'saints': as Farrer puts it, 'Such a life, then, is evidence, and what other evidence could you hope to find?'
"With his theory of communicative rationality, Jürgen Habermas has been one of the most influential social philosophers of the 20th century and a major dialogue partner for theology in the different stages of his work. Systematic and practical theology, theory of religious education and theological ethics have offered creative receptions and astute critiques. The book explores Habermas's renewal of Critical Theory of the first generation of the Frankfurt School through his paradigm change from the philosophy of consciousness to language. His postmetaphysical understanding of philosophy and the foundations of his discourse ethics are followed up into his recent demand for a species ethics in critique of genetic enhancement. The philosophical critiques of his work that are relevant for theology are explained and the successive phases of his view of religion are traced: supersessionism, co-existence, and finally cooperation in offering specific resources and shared criteria for public debate on the future directions of a technologically shaped pluralist culture"--Publisher's site.
Disciplining the divine : toward an (im)political theology
A reader in contemporary philosophical theology
The rebirth of Platonic theology : proceedings of a conference held at The Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies (Villa I Tatti) and the Istituto Nazionale di Studi sul Rinascimento (Florence, 26-27 April 2007) : for Michael J.B. Allen
Radical Orthodoxy and the Reformed tradition : creation, covenant, and participation
Paul's new moment : Continental philosophy and the future of Christian theology
Philosophical theology and Christian doctrine
Metaphysics : the creation of hierarchy
Was Jesus God?
Thomas Aquinas on human nature : a philosophical study of Summa theologiae Ia 75-89
The articulation between natural sciences and systematic theology : a philosophical mediation based on the contributions of Jean Ladrière and Xavier Zubiri
Whose God? which tradition? : the nature of belief in God
"This book offers a novel account of grace framed in terms of Bruno Latour's "principle of irreduction." It thus models an object-oriented approach to grace, experimentally moving a traditional Christian understanding of grace out of a top-down, theistic ontology and into an agent-based, object-oriented ontology. In the process, it also provides a systematic and original account of Latour's overall project. The account of grace offered here redistributes the tasks assigned to science and religion. Where now the work of science is to bring into focus objects that are too distant, too resistant, and too transcendent to be visible, the business of religion is to bring into focus objects that are too near, too available, and too immanent to be visible. Where science reveals transcendent objects by correcting for our nearsightedness, religion reveals immanent objects by correcting for our farsightedness. Speculative Grace remaps the meaning of grace and examines the kinds of religious instruments and practices that, as a result, take center stage."--Publisher's website
Essays in postfoundationalist theology
"The rise of modern science and the proclaimed 'death' of God in the nineteenth century led to a radical questioning of divine action and authorship - Bultmann's celebrated 'demythologizing'. Remythologizing Theology moves in another direction that begins by taking seriously the biblical accounts of God's speaking. It establishes divine communicative action as the formal and material principle of theology, and suggests that interpersonal dialogue, rather than impersonal causality, is the keystone of God's relationship with the world. This original contribution to the theology of divine action and authorship develops a new vision of Christian theism. It also revisits several long-standing controversies such as the relations of God's sovereignty to human freedom, time to eternity, and suffering to love. Groundbreaking and thought-provoking, it brings theology into fruitful dialogue with philosophy, literary theory, and biblical studies"--Provided by publisher.
Bonhoeffer's theological formation : Berlin, Barth, and Protestant theology
Vera philosophia : studies in Late Antique, Early Medieval and Renaissance Christian thought
More than matter? : what humans really are
Solved by sacrifice : Austin Farrer, fideism, and the evidence of faith
Theopoetic folds : philosophizing multifariousness
Emergent freedom : naturalizing free will
Fergus Kerr, OP is one of the foremost Catholic theologians of his generation. His works are widely read by specialists and students in the UK, North America and across the world. His Theology after Wittgenstein is regarded as a seminal work in philosophical theology. His After Aquinas: Versions of Thomism and Twentieth Century Catholic Theologians are two of the finest student-focussed introductions to their topics currently available. The essays in this collection cover the two key areas of Kerrs contribution: the relationship between theology and philosophy, focusing particularly on Thomism; and twentieth century Catholic thought. These themes provide the volumes coherence. A key strength of this volume lies in the stature of its contributors. These include the Canadian Catholic philosopher and Templeton-laureate Charles Taylor, Stanley Hauerwas, John Milbank, David Burrell and Denys Turner. A number of younger contributors, representing the influence of Kerr over several generations, are also represented.
Naturalism and beyond : religious naturalism and its alternatives
Archives and the event of God : the impact of Michel Foucault on philosophical theology
The legacy of Jonathan Edwards : American religion and the evangelical tradition
The elusive God : reorienting religious epistemology
Adventures in the spirit : God, world, divine action
"This book explores the role of divine severity in the character and wisdom of God, and the flux and difficulties of human life in relation to divine salvation. Much has been written on problems of evil, but the matter of divine severity has received relatively little attention. Paul K. Moser discusses the function of philosophy, evidence and miracles in approaching God. He argues that if God's aim is to extend without coercion His lasting life to humans, then commitment to that goal could manifest itself in making human life severe, for the sake of encouraging humans to enter into that cooperative good life. In this scenario, divine agapē is conferred as free gift, but the human reception of it includes stress and struggle in the face of conflicting powers and priorities. Moser's work will be of great interest to students of the philosophy of religion, and theology".
In this work, leading scholars compare the differences and points of intersection between the growing Radical Orthodoxy (RO) movement and the Reformed tradition. This timely discussion deals with many of the hot topics currently being debated in theological and philosophical circles, including the material world's participation in transcendence, aesthetics, politics, covenant, and cultural theory. It represents an emerging willingness among proponents of RO to examine and engage the Dutch Reformed tradition, and also reflects the growing influence of RO on the Reformed tradition. This book will be enjoyed by scholars concerned with the intersection between RO and the Reformed tradition. A companion book to Smith's recently published Introducing Radical Orthodoxy, it will also be of interest to students of philosophy and theology.
Ontology and providence in creation : taking ex nihilo seriously
The radical orthodoxy reader
Speculative grace : Bruno Latour and object-oriented theology ; foreword by Levi E. Bryant
The Cambridge companion to Christian philosophical theology
Between the canon and the Messiah : the structure of faith in contemporary Continental thought
In Adam's Dust and Adam's Glory, Nicholas A. Meyer challenges the scholarly reconstruction of a traditional theological framework of creation, fall, and restoration in order to comprehend the pessimistic anthropologies of the Hodayot and the letters of Paul. Meyer argues that too little notice has been paid to the fact that this literature problematizes ordinary humanity by way of original humanity--its sexuality, its earthly physicality, its spiritual-moral frailty--and that these texts look not for the restoration of human nature as determined in creation, but rather for its transformation. Setting aside the traditional threefold framework, the author offers an innovative and comprehensive reading of the use of traditions of anthropogony, including the glory of Adam and the image of God, in this literature.
The domain of the Word : Scripture and theological reason
Oxford readings in philosophical theology. Volume 2, Providence, scripture, and resurrection
Kant on God
"Providence, Evil and the Openness of God is a timely exploration of the philosophical implications of the rapidly growing theological movement known as open theism, or the "openness of God." William Hasker, one of the philosophers prominently associated with this movement, presents the strengths of this position in comparison with its main competitors: Calvinism, process theism and the theory of divine middle knowledge, or Molinism." "In this collection of essays, the author develops alternative approaches to the problem of evil and to the problem of divine action in the world. In particular, he argues that believers should not maintain the view that each and every evil that occurs is permitted by God as a means to a "greater good." He contends that open theism makes possible an emphasis on the personalism of divine-human interaction in a way that traditional views, with their heavy emphasis on divine control, cannot easily match. The book concludes with a section of replies to critics, in which many of the objections leveled against open theism are addressed." "Providence, Evil and the Openness of God will be essential reading for advanced students and academics in the fields of Philosophy, Philosophy of Religion and Theology."--BOOK JACKET.
Considering transcendence : elements of a philosophical theology
John Wyclif
Dickinson traces the development of two concepts, the messianic and the canonical, as they circulate, interweave and contest each other in the work of three prominent continental philosophers: Walter Benjamin, Jacques Derrida and Giorgio Agamben, though a strong supporting cast of Jan Assmann, Gershom Scholem, Jacob Taubes and Paul Ricoeur, among others, also play their respective roles throughout this study. He isolates how their various interactions with their chosen terms reflects a good deal of what is said within the various discourses that constitute what we have conveniently labelled, often in mistakenly monolithic terms, as 'Theology'. By narrowing the scope of this study to the dynamics generated historically by these contrasting terms, he also seeks to determine what exactly lies at the heart of theology's seemingly most treasured object: the presentation beyond any representation, the supposed true nucleus of all revelation and what lies behind any search for a 'theology of immanence' today.
Theology usually appears to us to be dogmatic, judgmental, condescending, maybe therapeutic, or perhaps downright fantastical-but seldom enticing. Divine Enticement takes as its starting point that the meanings of theological concepts are not so much logical, truth-valued propositions-affirmative or negative-as they are provocations and evocations. Thus it argues for the seductiveness of both theology and its subject-for, in fact, infinite seduction and enticement as the very sense of theological query. The divine name is one by which we are drawn toward the limits of thought, language, and flesh. The use of language in such conceptualization calls more than it designates. This is not a flaw or a result of vagueness or imprecision in theological language but rather marks the correspondence of such language to its subject: that which, outside of or at the limit of our thought, draws us as an enticement to desire, not least to intellectual desire. Central to the text is the strange semiotics of divine naming, as a call on that for which there cannot be a standard referent. The entanglement of sign and body, not least in interpretations of the Christian incarnation, both grounds and complicates the theological abstractions. A number of traditional notions in Christian theology are reconceived here as enticements, modes of drawing the desires of both body and mind: faith as "thinking with assent"; sacraments as "visible words" read in community; ethics as responsiveness to beauty; prayer as the language of address; scripture as the story of meaning-making. All of these culminate in a sense of a call to and from the purely possible, the open space into which we can be enticed, within which we can be divinely enticing.
