http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2725 quality assurance
quality assurance
Managing quality : an integrative approach
Method evaluations in spatial exploratory analyses of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data
Intelligent methods in the electronics industry : quality analysis of automated soldering
Phlebotomy simplified
Quality control for dummies
Measurement tools for quality assurance in medical laboratories
Decentralisation, school-based management, and quality
Modern methods for quality control and improvement
Rad tech's guide to MRI: basic physics, instrumentation, and quality control
Quality is free : the art of making quality certain
Qualityassurance and dose optimization in dental radiography. (C-793)
Quality surveillance guidelines
Practical radiographic imaging
External quality assurance in Finnish higher education institutions : two cases - the Universities of Tampere and Turku in a new-institutional perspective
Accountability in nursing and midwifery
Improved prediction methods for low complexity, high quality video coding
Improving the autoclave pallet
Phlebotomy basics with other laboratory techniques
Quality assurance in Scrum
Quality assurance guidelines for mammography : including radiographic quality control
SFS-EN ISO 9004 : organisaation johtaminen jatkuvaan menestykseen. Laadunhallintaan perustuva toimintamalli = Managing for the sustained success of an organization. A quality management approach
Computed tomography
Right things in the right way : Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : quality guide for staff
Manufacturing measurement and quality systems 2 : part 2
International quality assessment meeting for medical laboratories, 31.1.-1.2.1997 : abstracts
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences quality guide for student
Terminology of quality assurance : towards shared European values?
A model for optimisation including proficiency testing in the chemical laboratories
Designing and implementing policies related to career management skills (CMS) : brief summary
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Perspectives and limitations of Finnish higher forestry education in a unifying Europe
The big book of six sigma training games : creative ways to teach basic DMAIC principles and quality improvement tools
Utilization of quality management systems in Finnish medical laboratories
Report and papers presented at the Second Workshop on Fish Technology, Utilization and Quality Assurance in Africa : Agadir, Morocco, 24-28 November 2008 = Rapport et documents présentés au deuxième Atelier sur la technologie, l'utilisation et l'assurance de qualité du poisson en Afrique : Agadir, Maroc, 24-28 novembre 2008.
Enhancing excellence of education in Egypt : experiences in promoting accreditation and quality assurance system
Radiographic imaging : a practical approach
Quality assurance in nursing practice
Agile batch and scripting tech[n]iques
Quality assurance in terminology management : recommendations from the TermFactory project
Improvement of the DFMEA method for Wärtsilä's product development
Quality manual for Automaalamo Liedon Auto Oy
Understanding accreditation in laboratory medicine
Improving quality : a guide to effective programs
Family doctors' journey to quality
Quality assurance in teacher education in Europe
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Strengthening the quality assurance and evidence-base for lifelong guidance : brief summary
International initiatives and trends in quality assurance for European higher education : exploratory trend report
Improving quality assurance in European vocational education and training : factors influencing the use of quality assurance findings
Reference materials in analytical chemistry : a guide for selection and use
Quality system assessment (QSA)
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
Accurate results in the clinical laboratory : a guide to error detection and correction
Essays on strategic management and quality assurance
IT project+ : study guide
In order to develop sustainable business, the significance of quality management is constantly increasing. Highly saturated mobile phone industry companies need to understand the competitive factors related to product manufacturing. Quality is considered as competitive factor that has influence over several departments in company. The influence of quality is often economical but may also be brand related. Reliability is used as a tool for predicting the demanded quality of the product. The goal of this thesis is to examine the quality and reliability of mobile phone display from the desired failure mode point of view. Thesis is commissioned by a mobile phone company, and the quality and reliability tools and techniques are selected based on company`s recommendations. The data and tools for analyzing quality and reliability are from the company`s R&D department. For the selected failure mode, a comprehensive quality and reliability analysis is conducted that describes the design modifications and how modifications are affecting the reliability of the product. Theory section presents the importance of quality and reliability management, and also the theory of tools and techniques used for quality improvement. Case study presents the design enhancements of the product for improved reliability. To clarify the desired quality level, a user experience study is conducted. Based on design enhancements, user experience study and reliability estimations, a comprehensive understanding of the failure mode severity is introduced. Thesis work gives an estimation of the failure mode severity and a summary of the current failure mode state.
Masters level education in quality assurance in dental imaging
Collaboration between ward, home help, district nursing and day hospital in the health care center of Masku as a part of a quality assurance project
Enhancing Excellence of Education in Egypt : Experiences in promoting accreditation and quality assurance system
Procedures in phlebotomy
Software testing : interview questions
This publication describes the project implemented in Egypt and funded through EU Twinning funding which developed the operations of the National Authority for Quality Assurance and Accreditation of Egypt (NAQAAE). Implemented in 2013−2015, the project was the first Twinning project in the education sector in Finland, and it was coordinated by the Teacher Education College of JAMK University of Applied Sciences. The authors include experts from Finland, Germany and Egypt who worked in the project. In the articles, the authors describe from various viewpoints their experiences with the implementation of the project; content development work; challenges in project management; and the everyday incidents and fascination of international project cooperation.
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
ISO 9001 requirements : 92 requirements checklist and compliance guide
A model optimisation including proficiency testing in the chemical laboratories
Cross-evaluation 4 : final report : FUAS quality policy
Quality assurance of industrial environmental performance
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Principles and practices of method validation
Software testing and measurement of not found faults : a case study in telecommunications
Food safety for the 21st century : managing HACCP and food safety throughout the global supply chain
The overall aim of the Egyptian Twinning project described here was to strengthen the institutional and technical capacity of the National Authority for Quality Assurance and Accreditation of Education (NAQAAE) in line with the relevant European best practices. The soul of Twinning is, however, about cooperation between people. Accordingly, the project stood for strengthening partner- ship between experts and institutions in Egypt, Finland and Germany. It was not about replicating European systems but rather seeking the best practices of all and for all. Solving complex challenges always raises possibilities for everyone to learn more: about the content itself through theories and their manifold applications for diverse practices, but also about organisations and cultures besides international cooperation, collegiality, friendship and ourselves as persons and experts in a multidimensional global world. In the texts here, the authors tell about their experiences of all of these.
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Quality assurance in geochemical analysis : workshop 21 August 2011 : 25th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2011, 22-26 August 2011 Rovaniemi, Finland
Accelerated quality and reliability solutions
The critical link 3 : interpreters in the community : selected papers from the third International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings, Montréal, Québec, Canada 22-26 May 2001
Key element guide ITIL® service operation
Phlebotomy essentials
Quality assurance in analytical chemistry : applications in environmental, food, and materials analysis, biotechnology, and medical engineering
Evaluation for improving student outcomes : messages for quality assurance policies
Quality : ensuring the right things are done right
Assurance of quality in the diagnostic imaging department
Software quality assurance : principles and practice
Radiotherapy physics: in practice
Mammography and breast imaging : just the facts
The steady rise of the complexities of designs along with the increased need for quick and effective ways of manufacturing products in the large engine industry have created a greater need for effective ways to inspect and address potential risks and failures associated with the designs. Design failure modes and effects analysis, DFMEA, gives a tool for the systematical inspection and verification of the design already within the product development process. The purpose of this thesis was to improve the tools as well as the process used in Wärtsilä's product development process in order to make the DFMEA process more effective and easier to use. The work started with a thorough study into the theory behind risk management and DFMEA. Based on this information a DFMEA analysis was planned and the needed documentation systems were built. A real scenario was then studied using the documentation systems and plans during the winter of 2012. The whole process was then analyzed starting from the planning all the way through to the execution and examination of results based on the experiences and information obtained during the analysis. As a result of this thesis an Excel-based documentation system was built with the aid of the Visual Basic-programming language along with a planning phase checklist. These tools were made to ease the planning and the execution of the DFMEA process as well as to improve the inspection and the usage of the results found in the analyses. Also the theory related to the DFMEA process and risk management are widely discussed with a special view on the implementation of ideas that would ease the process as well as the possibilities to develop the formation and inspection of results in the large engine manufacturing environment. The execution of the process was eased with the application of a meeting rotation culture along with the easier usage of the documentation tool. Also the risk estimation process was eased with project tailored evaluation criteria while a firm focus was kept on the usability of results. The usage of the DFMEA process gave a systematical method to control risks and verify designs already during the design process. Even though the process is quite laborious and requires a lot of working hours, the positive results that can be obtained by fixing potential risks already in the design stage bring great benefits for the whole organization and in the end also to the end-customer.
Quality Management System according to AS9100-C
Integrated quality evaluation in higher education
Towards quality care : outcomes for older people in care homes
Acquisition and analysis of performance data for mobile devices
Statistical process control (SPC) : reference manual
The dose and image quality in mammography practice in Finland
Quality assurance testing on video games : The importance and impact of a misunderstood industry
The quality assurance policy of university development
Importance of quality assurance in dental imaging : viewpoint   of education
The McGraw-Hill 36-hour course : lean six sigma
This bachelor's thesis was made at Pilkington Automotive Finland Oy Laitila plant. This plant manufactures windshields for automotive industry e.g trains and busses. The windshields are made from laminated glass. The objective for this bachelor's thesis was to improve the autoclave pallet which is used in the final steps of the manufacturing process. The pallet is simply a frame made from rectangular iron tubes on where the windshields are loaded. After that the pallet goes through the autoclave process in the autoclave and it is also used in general for transporting the windshields in different working posts. During the making of this bachelor's thesis help of the so called the six sigma -process  has been used. The process is explained better in the text. The problem has been that the pallet does not offer enough support for the windshields, causing the windshields to twist during the autoclave process. This results in bad quality. The pallet should also be redesigned so that it is possible to load with more windshields so that the autoclave's degree of filling can be improved. The pallet should also be easy and light to use by the personnel. The approach for the quality problem was to make easy to build pallets with different kind of ways to support the windshields. Always when a new pallet was built or old one improved it was tested so that the windshields were always measured after the autoclave process to see if the new or improved way was better or not. The autoclave process itself has been in the dark, so that it was not known how the windshields are moving inside the autoclave. To find this out a camera was also installed inside the autoclave. The tests and results gave very enlightening information about how the windshields react when they are supported from different spots of the windshields. Supporting the windshields from different points did not give any better results in comparison to the way things are done now, which was very surprising. The reason for this is analyzed more in the text. The outcome from the autoclave filming also brought to light what happens inside the autoclave during the autoclave process and how much the windshields are moving there because of the air flow and what inflicts the airflow in the first place. Mostly the time improving  the pallet was spent in testing and trying to understand what things affect in the windshields and why. During this time of making the bachelor's thesis a huge improvement for the pallet was not found. Instead little improvements were devloped and suggested.
Quality without tears : the art of hassle-free management
A manual for internal quality assurance in higher education : with a special focus on professional higher education
Statistical methods in mechanics part verification
High quality of care and characteristics of a good nurse : based on students ́opinions
Practical reliability engineering
Lean for dummies
Development of QA/QC Setup for NOR delivery projects
Quality assurance and the phenomenological space design
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Evidence based quality in digital dental imaging
An introduction to quality assurance in health care
Phlebotomy technician specialist : a practical guide to phlebotomy
Quality assurance for animal feed analysis laboratories
Improving the quality of long-term care
Advanced product quality planning (APQP) and control plan : reference manual
Quality Assurance of International Work Placements in Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences Business Department
Agile project and service management : delivering IT services using ITIL, PRINCE2 and DSDM Atern
Building professional services : the sirens' song
Accuracy of absorbed dose in external photon beam radiotherapy : what level is sufficient and how to approach it?
Improving software quality
Student handbook on quality
Guide on quality assurance for microbiological laboratories
Establishment of software quality assurance system in a small Finnish IT enterprise
Auditing food safety
Immunohistochemistry
Quality in health care : theory, application and evolution
Tieto Software Product Quality Analysis System
Follow-up of stencil paste printing process
Clinical laboratory hematology
Guidelines for development of NDE acceptance criteria
Quality and reliability assessment of the mobile phone display
Benchmarking e-learning in higher education : lessons learned from international projects
Schemes related to peer evaluation
Classification of apples according to physiological status measured by fluorescence imaging
Quality system assessment : tooling & equipment (QSA-TE)
Agile project and service management : delivering IT services using ITIL, PRINCE2 and DSDM
Textbook of diagnostic microbiology
Accreditation for microbiological laboratories
Quality assurance in dental digital imaging : e-learning for health care staff
Introduction to Windows Phone 8
Quality management demystified
Training professionals for the global marketplace: cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Quality management in social welfare and health care for the 21st century : national recommendation
A guide to good validation practice
Quality assurance methods for uncertainty analysis in reactor physics with applications
PROMIS Centre : innovative pharmaceutical manufacturing research and technology development in Kuopio, Finland
IMPROVING THE CURRENT STANDARD AUDITING PROCEDURE OF BAKER TILLY A&C AUDITING AND CONSULTING CO., LTD : CASE – ZIM INTEGRATED SHIPPING COMPANY
Objective of this work was to create a quality manual for Automaalaamo Liedon Auto  Oy. The company works as a subcontractor for Turun VV-Auto car body shop department and from their request Automaalaamo Liedon Auto Oy was forced to implement a quality management system from Autoalan Keskusliitto RY (AKLLaatuohjelma)  to their business. Part of the quality management system was a quality  manual. The idea of a quality management system is to improve company̕s management and help providing quality products and services. Many of the different quality  management systems, as well as AKL-Laatuohjelma, is based on ISO 9001-standard.  AKL-Laatuohjelma is a stripped down version of ISO 9001, specially developed for  the needs of ca body- and paint shops. Purpose of this thesis is to produce a simple, easy-to-use quality manual that the company can use as a part of their daily operations. The quality manual is not part of  this thesis. Instead, this thesis introduces basic theories behind quality management as well as the process of creating the quality manual. The quality manual will give  guidelines for the company in their day-to-day operations whereas the theory part  introduces the contents of the manual and the process of creating the manual.
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivat projektien laadunhallinnalle = Quality management systems: guidelines for quality management in projects
Key element guide ITIL® service strategy
Success! in phlebotomy : a Q & A review
Quality management in the imaging sciences
The practical guide to defect prevention
Audit of the quality assurance system of Seinäjoki Polytechnic
Production part approval process : (PPAP)
The program evaluation standards : a guide for evaluators and evaluation users
Nordtest seminar on Calibration, traceability and uncertainty, November 1-2, 1995 VTT, Espoo, Finland
Near infrared spectroscopy, a quality control tool for the different steps in the manufacture of herbal medicinal products
Quantifying quality costs and the cost of poor quality in translation : quality efforts and the consequences of poor quality in the European Commission's Directorate-General for Translation
Clinical laboratory safety : approved guideline
Connecting research and client : Finnish experience of quality enhancement in university lifelong learning
Customer responsibilities
Abstract: Cross-evaluation Reports of the Degree Programmes in Automation  Technology, Software Engineering, and Information Technology.
Measurement systems analysis : (MSA) : reference manual
Quality assurance in higher education : proceedings of an International Conference Hong Kong, 1991
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
Radiotherapy : principles to practice :  a manual for quality in treatment delivery
Verification, validation and testing of engineered systems
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
Quality assurance for university teaching
Integrated quality management : the key to improving nursing care quality
Quality engineering handbook
Mastering software quality assurance : best practices, tools and techniques for software developers
Basics and benefits of UR Z17
Quality assurance for individuals with developmental disabilities : it's everybody's business
