http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27206 Internet of things
Internet of things
The silent intelligence ; the internet of things
Abstract.
The internet of things
sensor network, using Wi-Fi. The system consists of Wi-Fi based sensor modules to access bio-medical signals from patients and send the data to a remote server via Wi-Fi access point or router. The server updates the database in real-time. The webserver application accesses data from the database and updates the webpage in the form of live streaming graphs like ECG (Electrocardiography).
IoT get-u-going : in 35 projects with the Raspberry Pi and Arduino
The nest big thing : extending the UTAUT2 model to study the effect of privacy concerns on consumer adoption
Data management in IoT based food safety monitoring system
Managing the web of things : linking the real world to the Web
Pervasive healthcare monitoring based on Internet of things
Seminar on Internetworking, spring 2013 : recent developments in fixed and mobile Internet
Building the web of things : with examples in Node.js and Raspberry Pi
Internet of Things : legal perspectives
The internet of risky things : trusting the devices that surround us
An IP capable data link layer protocol for narrow band half-duplex packet data radio networks
A study of IoT platforms and ecosystems
"You might only have heard this expression recently (indeed you might never had heard of it) but, apparently this is a concept that has been around for some time.The term was coined around the turn of the millennium and refers to the potential interconnectivity of basically all electronic devices and capacity to record, monitor and transmit information between them to achieve all manner of wonderful (and maybe not-so-wonderful) outcomes. There is a fair degree of polarization of views on both the likelihood and the desirability of this development. Those in favour reckon it could save literally trillions of dollars in the future and provide all sorts of benefits in healthcare, law enforcement, civic amenities, local government, environmental areas etc.The skeptics say it is just too big an idea, there is no infrastructure or codified standards and anyway how good a plan is it to put that much faith in, and dependence on, machines and share that much personal data with who-knows who? For example, if machines end up running everything what happens if there is a cyber-attack? This all sounds very futuristic and, to be truthful, it probably is some way off. But a lot of the ideas and principles are already available and being used and there are products and systems on the market that precursor the concept and offer a glimpse of what might be possible and achievable in the future. Governments are getting interested and involved (the UK government recently earmarked Pds. 45m to help the development of related products) and savvy companies in the hi-tech area are gearing themselves to take advantage of the current technology and cover any advances and innovations as they occur.^The market will, doubtless, offer commercial opportunities and with them, the potential for considerable financial gain for those brave and astute enough to invest in the right companies. How to discover and identify which these might be will not be so easy but Google's recent acquisition of Nest might be a good place to start... "
Internet-of-things market, value networks, and business models : state of the art report
Collaborative internet of things (C-IoT) : for future smart connected life and business
Practical internet of things security : a practical, indispensable security guide that will navigate you through the complex realm of security building and deploying systems in our IoT-connected world
Architectural robotics : ecosystems of bits, bytes, and biology
RIoT control : understanding and managing risks and the internet of things
Securing the Internet of things
This book provides background as to how analytical solutions and enterprise architecture methodologies and concepts have evolved (including the roles of data warehouses, business intelligence tools, predictive analytics, data discovery, big data, and the impact of the internet of things). It combines practical advice with technical considerations to help you grasp the big picture of the trend toward enterprise analytic solutions; define and validate a vision for a future state within your organization; ensure that your vision is aligned with line-of-business needs; understand available skills and align your IT infrastructure to the new vision; address data governance, security, data quality, and other important attributes; implement the new vision while dealing successfully with changes in scope. --
Optimization of manufacturing systems using the internet of things
Data synchronization strategy for product lifecycle management
A mobile high sensitivity on-field organophosphorous compounds detecting system for IoT based food safety tracking
At the heart of the smart space vision is the idea that devices interoperate with each other autonomously to assist people in their everyday activities. In order to make this vision a reality, it is important to achieve semantic-level interoperability between devices.The goal of this dissertation is to enable Semantic Web technology-based interoperability in smart spaces. There are many challenges that need to be solved before this goal can be achieved. In this dissertation, the focus has been on the following four challenges: The first challenge is that the Semantic Web technologies have neither been designed for sharing real-time data nor large packets of data such as video and audio files. This makes it challenging to apply them in smart spaces, where it is typical that devices produce and consume this type of data.The second challenge is the verbose syntax and encoding formats of Semantic Web technologies that make it difficult to utilise them in resource-constrained devices and networks. The third challenge is the heterogeneity of smart space communication technologies that makes it difficult to achieve interoperability even at the connectivity level. The fourth challenge is to provide users with simple means to interact with and configure smart spaces where device interoperability is based on Semantic Web technologies.Even though autonomous operation of devices is a core idea in smart spaces, this is still important in order to achieve successful end-user adoption.The main result of this dissertation is a semantic interoperability framework, which consists of following individual contributions: 1) a semantic-level interoperability architecture for smart spaces, 2) a knowledge sharing protocol for resource-constrained devices and networks, and 3) an approach to configuring Semantic Web-based smart spaces. The architecture, protocol and smart space configuratio n approach are evaluated with several reference implementations of the framework components and proof-of-concept smart spaces that are also key contributions of this dissertation.
Wireless impact force measuring system based on acceleration
Building the internet of things : implement new business models, disrupt competitors, and transform your industry
Technology vs. humanity : the coming clash between man and machine
Cyber-assurance for the internet of things
Blockchains as a path to a network of systems : an emerging new trend of the digital platforms in industry and society
This book outlines the background and overall vision for the Internet of Things (IoT) and M2M communications and services, including major standards. Key technologies are described: Everything from physical instrumentation devices to the cloud infrastructures used to collect data, derive information and map it to current processes, as well as system architectures and regulatory requirements. Real world service use case studies provide the hands-on knowledge needed to successfully develop and implement M2M and IoT technologies sustainably and profitably. Finally, the future vision for M2M technologies is described, including prospective changes in relevant standards. Key technologies and standards are explained: The M2M and IoT services space includes technologies from the perspective of several technology sectors, namely IT, Telecom and Urban PlanningWritten by Experts in the technology and business aspects of Machine-to-Machine communication, who have experience of implementing M2M systemsEnd to end view of economies of scale, including a look at problems and solutions in an end- to -end fashion providing both technical and business insights.
Designing a retail intelligence platform for scale
Written from the perspective of a large industrial enterprise, this practical book provides an actionable methodology for IoT project managers, based on real-world IoT case studies.
Industry 4.0 : the industrial internet of things
Seminar on Internetworking, spring 2014 : recent developments in fixed and mobile Internet
easy decisions about the trustworthiness of IoT related systems. User will have a general view of the "things" in their environment, and they will be aware of their personal information which they are sending to different devices in the system. The system will provide trust feedback to the users while they are making actions with the system. This will help enable better user experience in future with new smart and intelligent systems. We aim to quantify the user's perception about security in IoT applications as it will give an idea about how people react to smart interactive system and what are their reservations about the IoT related system. These results will benefit the Internet of Things community in developing future applications and provide better experience to the user.
Designing connected products ; UX for the consumer internet of things
Semantic interoperability for IoT health systems using HL7 standard
The Internet of things : how smart TVs, smart cars, smart homes, and smart cities are changing the world
From machine-to-machine to the internet of things : introduction to a new age of intelligence
Wireless communications security: solutions for the Internet of things
As digitalisation is expanding, the markets are being forced to change due to digital disruption. More and more business is conducted through digital channels forcing businesses to change the way they work and do business. Digitalisation creates opportunities to enter into new fields of business and to find new ways to create income. The present master's thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Online Services. Wärtsilä produces life cycle solutions for both energy and marine markets. Wärtsilä Services generates the largest share of the net sales and, in addition, is responsible for a big part of the growth expectations. Online Services is part of Wärtsilä Services digitalisation activities that are becoming more and more important in many different aspects. Services launched a new Online Services concept during the autumn of 2014 to support the growth, however, the possibilities Online Services provide for Wärtsilä in terms of data, are not yet exploited to the extent they could be. The objective of this study was to find ways to increase Wärtsilä Services sales leads and opportunities by utilising data acquired from Wärtsilä Online Services and thus create growth. In order to achieve the targets, a sales innovation workshop was organised to collect the primary data for the research. This qualitative study will mainly follow the principles of case study research, with some adaption of action research. The theoretical framework is based on digitalisation, with main focus on the affect it has on business models. As changing business model is an extensive process, the study presents business process reengineering as another alternative that can support the adaptation of digitalisation.The case study was formulated by applying the business model of Osterwalder and Pigneur (2010). First, an AS-IS analysis of Wärtsilä Online Services was done and then the results of the sales innovation workshop were analysed and, finally, a TO-BE model was formed. The final number of ideas received through the sales innovation workshop and as a pre-task for the workshop was 120. One of the ideas was tested in practice and resulted in leads. Considering the overall aim for the study, it can be concluded that the study reached its targets.
Abusing the internet of things : blackouts, freakouts, and stakeouts
Designing connected products : UX for the consumer internet of things
Machine-to-machine Communications : Architectures, Technology, Standards, and Applications
Science fiction prototypes as design outcome of research : reflecting ecological research approach and experience design for the Internet of things
Arduino home automation projects : automate your home using powerful Arduino platform
Intelligent office over Internet of Things with trust
Development of Distributed Cache Strategy for Analytic Cluster in an Internet of Things System
Enhancing security of IoT through quantum cryptography
IoT automation : arrowhead Framework
In The Zero Marginal Cost Society, New York Times bestselling author Jeremy Rifkin argues that the capitalist era is passing--not quickly, but inevitably. The emerging Internet of Things is giving rise to a new economic system that will transform our way of life. In this provocative book, Rifkin argues that the coming together of the Communication Internet with the fledgling Energy Internet and Logistics Internet in a seamless twenty-first century intelligent infrastructure--the Internet of Things--is boosting productivity to the point where the marginal cost of producing many goods and services is nearly zero, making them essentially free. The result is that corporate profits are beginning to dry up, property rights are weakening, and the conventional mind-set of scarcity is slowly giving way to the possibility of abundance. The zero marginal cost phenomenon is spawning a hybrid economy--part capitalist market and part "collaborative commons"--with far-reaching implications for society.
Architecture of IoT Node and platform
Semantic interoperability framework for smart spaces
International distribution channel strategies for service products : case study research on Internet of Things enabled innovative B2B services
Energy efficiency is a powerful measure for promoting sustainability in technological evolution and ensuring feasible battery life of end-user devices in mobile computing. Peer-to-peer technology provides decentralized and self-organizing architecture for distributing content between devices in networks that scale up almost infinitely. However, peer-to-peer networking may require lots of resources from peer nodes, which in turn may lead to increased energy consumption on mobile devices. For this reason, peer-to-peer networking has so far been considered unfeasible for mobile environment. This thesis makes several contributions towards enabling energy-aware peer-to-peer networking in mobile environments. First, an empirical study is conducted to understand the energy consumption characteristics of radio interfaces and typical composition of traffic in structured peer-to-peer networks. This is done in order to identify the most essential obstacles for utilizing peer-to-peer technology in mobile environments. Second, the e-Aware model for estimating the energy consumption of a mobile device is developed and empirically verified to achieve 3-21% error in comparison to real-life measurements. Third, the e-Mon model for the energy-aware load monitoring of peer nodes is developed and demonstrated to improve the battery life of mobile peer nodes up to 470%. Fourth, the ADHT concept of mobile agent based virtual peers is proposed for sharing the peer responsibilities between peer nodes in a subnet so that they can participate in a peer-to-peer overlay without compromising their battery life.The results give valuable insight into implementing energy-efficient peer-to-peer systems in mobile environments. The e-Aware energy consumption model accelerates the development of energy-efficient networking solutions by reducing the need for time-consuming iterations between system development and evaluations with real-life networks and devices. The e-Mon load monitoring model facilitates the participation of battery-powered devices in peer-to-peer and other distributed networks by enabling energy-aware load balancing where energy-critical mobile nodes carry less load than other nodes. The ADHT facilitates the participation of constrained-capacity wireless devices, such as machine-to-machine nodes, in a peer-to-peer network by allowing them to sleep for most of their time.
individual's activity. IoT nodes include hardware components such as analog front ends, microcontrollers and radio modules as well as software modules for biosignal processing, Web connectivity, and data storage. In this master thesis, two of the main components of an IoT based healthcare system are designed and implemented, namely a wireless medical sensor and an energy efficient smart gateway. These devices form a system capable of acquiring and transmitting different types of biosignals to remote clients and servers via IP based networks. A complete design cycle from idea to prototype is described. This includes selection of technologies, design of system blocks and mapping to commercially available components. Hardware implementation is described, including interfacing microcontrollers to peripherals and wireless connectivity. On the software side, the implementation of network stacks, digital signal processing modules and servers are presented. The resulting architectures represents a low-cost, reliable and scalable system compatible with consumer friendly Web technologies.
Building the internet of things with IPv6 and MIPv6 : the evolving world of M2M communications
Internet of things : challenges and opportunities
IoT based pain management using physiological parameters
Smarter decisions, the intersection of internet of things and decision science : enter the world of Internet of Things with the power of data science with this highly practical, engaging book
Internet of things : principles and paradigms
Internet of things, smart spaces, and next generation networking : 12th international conference, NEW2AN 2012, and 5th Conference, ruSMART 2012, St. Petersburg, Russia, August 27-29, 2012 : proceedings
A survey on software implementations of binary elliptic curves on IoT devices
"Provides a simplified visionary approach about the future direction of IoT, addressing its wide-scale adoption in many markets, its interception with advanced technology, the explosive growth in data, and the emergence of data analytics"--
Smart machines and the Internet of things
Defining new directions for user experience design
Pax technica : how the Internet of things may set us free or lock us up
This book provides a comprehensive survey of the security and privacy research advancements in Internet of Things (IoT). The book lays the context for the discussion by introducing a system model for IoT. Since IoT is very varied and has been introduced in many different contexts, the system model introduced plays a crucial role in integrating the concepts into a coherent framework. After the system model, the book introduces the vulnerable features of the IoT. By providing a comprehensive discussion of the vulnerable features, the book highlights the problem areas of IoT that should be studied concerning security and privacy. Using the vulnerable features as a motivation, the book presents a vast survey of existing security and privacy approaches for IoT. The survey is a good way for the reader to pick up interesting directions of research that have already been explored and also hints at directions that could take additional investigation. Finally, the book presents four case studies that provide a detailed view of how some of the security and privacy concerns are addressed in specific problem areas.
Security and privacy in internet of things (IoTs) : models, algorithms, and implementations
Embedded system design of touch panel screen for IoT applications
Big data and the internet of things : enterprise information architecture for a new age
Wi-Fi supported networked computer-on-module for IoT
Internet of Things : a gateway centric solution for providing IoT connectivity
This book provides background as to how analytical solutions and enterprise architecture methodologies and concepts have evolved (including the roles of data warehouses, business intelligence tools, predictive analytics, data discovery, big data, and the impact of the internet of things). It combines practical advice with technical considerations to help you grasp the big picture of the trend toward enterprise analytic solutions; define and validate a vision for a future state within your organization; ensure that your vision is aligned with line-of-business needs; understand available skills and align your IT infrastructure to the new vision; address data governance, security, data quality, and other important attributes; implement the new vision while dealing successfully with changes in scope.
Data protection, privacy and European regulation in the digital age
Transforming healthcare with the internet of things : proceedings of the EFMI Special Topic Conference 2016
A communication network for machines (English Summary)
Future crimes : everything is connected, everyone is vulnerable and what we can do about it
MySQL for the internet of things: data management for sensors and connected devices
Explaining organizational adoption of technology : the case of cloud platforms
Internet of things with Python : interact with the world and rapidly prototype IoT applications using Python
Internet of things : data acquisition of rich-sensor smart phones
The Internet of Things : key applications and protocols
Productivity leap with IoT : visions of the Internet of Things with a special focus on global asset management and smart lighting
Internet of Things : Principles and Paradigms captures the state-of-the-art research in Internet of Things, its applications, architectures, and technologies. The book identifies potential future directions and technologies that facilitate insight into numerous scientific, business, and consumer applications. The Internet of Things (IoT) paradigm promises to make any electronic devices part of the Internet environment. This new paradigm opens the doors to new innovations and interactions between people and things that will enhance the quality of life and utilization of scarce resources.
Principles of cyber-physical systems
Ubiquitous healthcare system based on Internet of Things
Internet of things : Finland
Introduction to smart eHealth and eCare technologies
Security challenges and approaches in internet of things
Creating growth through digitalisation : case Wärtsilä Online Services
The Internet of things
"The Internet of Things (IoT) is an often-cited topic among researchers and practitioners. This essential book explains the concept and potential that the IoT presents, from mobile applications that allow home appliances to be programmed remotely, to solutions in manufacturing and energy conservation. Coverage features a tutorial for implementing the IoT using IPv6 and Mobile IPv6 and answers critical questions such as what is the IoT, how can it help my organization, what is the cost of deploying this system, and what are the security issues?"--
Internet of Things. User-Centric IoT : First International Summit, IoT360 2014, Rome, Italy, October 27-28, 2014, Revised Selected Papers, Part I
Connected vehicles : can V2V communication and internet connectivity improve safety?
Strategic insights for competitive advantage through connected products
The internet of things shapes industrial ecosystems (English Summary)
Authorized authentication evaluation framework for constrained environments
Building the Internet of Things (IoT) with IPv6 and MIPv6 : The Evolving World of M2M Communications
Big data and internet of things : a roadmap for smart environments
The zero marginal cost society : the internet of things, the collaborative commons, and the eclipse of capitalism
Energy-efficient peer-to-peer networking for constrained-capacity mobile environments
