http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27227 transport costs
transport costs transportation costs
Operationalisation of marginal cost pricing within urban transport
Opportunities for cost reductions by the use of intermodal transports : intermodal production as an alternative for pure road production
Methodology for choice of harvesting system for energy wood from early thinning
Abstract: This thesis was carried out to a case company that had difficulties in calculating freight costs to each customer separately and fast. Many smaller - potential or existing - customers requested for the freight costs to be included in their order, and at that moment the case company had to respond quickly by informing the customer of the total cost for freight. The case company needed to contact logistics service provider DHL each time and ask for their assistance in cost calculation. The case company trusted the writer to develop a software that would help the case company to calculate costs by themselves.  The purpose of the theoretical part of this thesis was to examine the topic of freight costs and how they are calculated when transporting goods abroad to different countries. Desk research method was used, and information was gathered from books, websites and documents received from the case company and DHL. With the help of this information the writer created a compact theory package, which worked as a basis for the empirical part of this thesis.  Qualitative research method was used in the empirical part. The writer analyzed information offered by the manager of the case company and the representative of DHL, and based on the information received, a software for cost calculation was developed. When developing the software, C++ programming language was used. The writer interviewed an IT-specialist who taught the writer to use C++ and helped the writer in coding the data to the software. Learning to use C++ was a large part of the research process.  The end result of the research was a very functional software that is easy to use. The development process required a lot of work and plenty hours used, but the finished software became exactly what was planned in the beginning of the process. The finished software was delivered to the case company.
External costs of transports imposed on neighbours and fellow road users
Abstract: Improving the efficiency of bakery transport.
Supply chain cost control using activity-based management
Finland State of Logistics 2012
Optimizing container payloads
The importance of transport costs in Swedish forest industry
Logistics and supply-chain management : text and cases
Cost Savings on Container Import Process
Energy savings in the transport sector
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 4, The "Cost of Non-Europe" : border-related controls and administrative formalities : an illustration in the road haulage sector
Analysis of wood transport costs in the Zanzibar forest development project
Economic and equity effects of marginal cost pricing in transport : case studies from three European cities
A set of guidelines : for socio-economic cost benefit analysis of transport infrastructure project appraisal
Transporting swimmers to temporary training places : how much money and time can be saved and emissions reduced by combining transportation
Financial and environmental impacts of a dry port to support two major Finnish transit seaports
Freight cost calculation in the case company
Comparison between manual, oxen and farm tractor skidding in Zambian plantation forestry
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
Transport tax policy simulations and satellite accounting within a CGE framework
Improving the distribution of the headbox vanes through transportation development
Developing short sea shipping transportation chains at Helsinki-Tallinn route
Transport costs and competitiveness in export
Materials Management and Development : Case: Famifarm Oy
Business logistics management : a value chain perspective
The geography of sea transport
Modern logistics management : case: Wal-Mart Beijing, China
Transportation collaboration and costs in an electronics manufacturing company
Summary: Aukusti - the cost calculation model for truck transport of timber.
Logistics and transportation study of Spanish suppliers for Talgo-Transtech Oy
Economics at the wheel : the costs of cars and drivers
Recursive transport flow dynamics with a priori information
Eurasian container transportation market : current status and future development trends with consideration of different transportation modes
The true costs of road transport
Models for designing the production-distribution system in supply chains of the Finnish nursery industry
Financing models for new transport infrastructure
Abstract: The economic importance of the transit traffic in Finland.
Finland State of Logistics 2009
The kilometer tax and Swedish industry : effects on regions and sectors
Tiivistelmä: Transporting swimmers to temporary training places : how much money and time can be saved and emissions reduced by combining transportation.
Tinbergen revisited : benefits from infrastructure investments in an open economy
Specific operational demands drive innovstive solutions
Transshipment costs of intermodal transport in Finnish context
Evaluation of a handling system for ley crop used in biogas production : capacities and costs for a centralised system = Utvärdering av ett hanteringssystem för vallgröda ämnad för biogasproduktion
Logistics and the extended enterprise : benchmarks and best practices for the manufacturing professional
Economics of maritime transport : theory and practice
Evaluation and selection of chinese inland transport supplier for Rolls-Royce Oy Ab
Identifying logistical problems and developing improvement suggestions for logistics at UPM-Kymmene Ltd, Tervasaari, label paper mill
Helsinki Workshop on Infrastructure Charging on Railways : 31 July - 1 August, 2000
Finland - state of logistics 2006
Essentials of supply chain management
Abatement costs for carbon dioxide reductions in the transport sector
Optimising the export transport of healthcare measuring devices of a small company
The effect of volume to the transportation and handling costs of Finland Post domestic parcel services
A comparison of timber haulage in Great Britain and Finland
World class supply management : the key to supply chain management
Logistics & supply chain management
Survey of the logistic factors in the TSR-railway operation : "what TSR-station masters think about the Trans-Siberian?"
Competing transportation chains in Helsinki-Tallinn route : multi-dimensional evaluation
INLATRANS : integrating inland waterway transport systems in the Baltic Sea region : final report. Pt 3, Appendices
Public warehousing of R-Group Finland Oy
Road freight transport between EEC member states : a feasibility study for a system of price indices
Logging and log transport in tropical high forest : a manual on production and costs
UPM-Kymmene Oyj is one of the world's leading paper industry companies. The purpose of this thesis was to create container optimizing tool for UPM customer service. Background of the thesis was to develop way of working in the order creation phase and accomplish cost-efficiency by optimizing container payloads. Cost-efficiency means finding correct order amounts and maximizing sea containers capacity.  Thesis focuses how orders are created in customer service and its needs to optimizing order amounts. In addition ground rules and initial data concerning optimization process were defined during this the thesis work. Source data were found from UPMs internal systems and from ISO-standards. Many development points were found in the middle of the tool creation and in test phase.  Thesis includes history of the containers and it shows how container markets have been increased to ease understanding how important fully usage of container capacities. Thesis describes all the way of container order process from order creation to customer delivery.
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
Logistics as a success factor of companies in the outer-circle of EU
Abstract (1 s.).
Total distribution costs study and inquiry tool specification
Legal and institutional framework for marginal cost pricing in urban transport in Europe
The importance of transport costs for spatial structures and competition in goods and service industries
"The fourth edition of Business Logistics Management covers concepts and theories relating to the movement of goods, the coordination of the supply chain, and the exchange of information."--Cover.
Glass Deliveries in Spare Parts : Case Kalmar Parts
Improving cost-efficiency and reducing environmental impacts of intermodal transportation with dry port concept : major rail transport corridor in Baltic Sea Region
Purchasing and supply management : text and cases
The variables affecting transport mode selection in cost and service context at Forchem Oy
Abstract: Alternative ways of the offal management in the future.
Logistics study 1996-1997
Principles of transport economics
Outbound logistics cost efficiency : using linear programming in the decision-making - a case study
Asian container ports : development, competition and co-operation
Solutions for temperature controlled distribution : case Thermo Electron corporation
The political economy of pipelines : a century of comparative institutional development
Estimation of supply and delivery cost of energy wood from Northwest Russia
The effect of terrain on the output in forest transportation of timber
This thesis is done for R-Group Finland Oy, a medium sized Finnish enterprise interested to rationalize its logistics network by using a public warehouse. This study is based on the applied thesis model. The purpose is to evaluate three potential public warehouses and make a recommendation for R-Group Finland of the most suitable public warehouse. The research method is to analyse the location, warehousing costs and product transportation costs by given information and theoretical background. The first part of this thesis illustrates the advantages of the public warehousing concept and importance of logistics network planning. The second part lists the requirements of R-Group Finland Oy as part of the  research process. Two scenarios to evaluate the costs of the three public warehouses are presented. The third part evaluates the public warehouses by location, incoming and outgoing costs, warehousing  costs, transportation costs and total costs of the two scenarios. The research process shows that the public warehousing has many advantages and the overall costs in logistics network planning have to  be catered carefully. The main conclusions were that the logistics network planning is very time-consuming and that the costs are higher than expected. R-Group Finland Oy evaluates the necessity of public warehousing for its operations based on the study.
Network benfits from transport investments under increasing returns to scale : a SCGE analysis
Creating guidelines for the return of automatic containers from Russia
Inventory routing : a strategic management accounting perspective
Efficiency of forest chip transportation from Russian Karelia to Finland
The prime objective for writing this thesis was to introduce the concept of modern logistics and to survey both the elements of modern logistics management and specific example that can be helpful in fully understanding such a management in practical application. The well-known management guru Peter Drucker once described logistics as the last profit frontier. As a result, in business, either manufacturing or merchandising, should be of comprehension to the essentials of logistics management to build and manage an efficient logistics system. Retailer giant Wal-Mart, as one of the world's top 500 enterprises, has been holding a position of prestige in the global procurement market. Moreover, Wal-Mart attributes its success to the application of logistics modernization. Clearly, Wal-Mart has been aware that managing the entire modern logistics procedure – from procurement, transportation, distribution, to supply chain and customer service is crucial to maximize profits and minimize costs.
Applying the activity-based costing to cut-to-length timber harvesting and trucking
Logistics as a profit making instrument in the Ekokem's obsolete pesticide project in Ethiopia
The cost of being landlocked : logistics costs and supply chain reliability
In a global economy, no nation is self-sufficient. Few nations would be able to maintain their current or even adequate standard of living without international trade. The growing world trade has had a drastic effect on road transportation.  Road transportation has been growing steadily every year and along with it production costs have increased. Therefore demand for alternative transportation methods has risen. This bachelor  ́s thesis researches intermodal transportation as a cost-effective alternative for road transportation. Intermodal transportation is seen as a growing field in the land transportation industry. Traditionally, intermodal transportation has been seen as a complex and slow alternative. To challenge this argument, the study also focuses on the production capabilities of intermodal transportation. In the industry lowered production costs have always been the key factor, however environmentally sound transportation methods are becoming a trend and intermodal transportation is seen as the solution. The focus of this thesis is on a specific intermodal trade lane of Schenker AG, one of the leading logistics companies in the world. Schenker already has road transportation business in the trade lane running from Central Europe to Northern Spain, thus the current road volumes in the trade lane are known. This research presents how much the gross profit margin would increase in the trade lane  and what kind of savings would be made with the use of intermodal transportation. Results show that intermodal transportation is a viable alternative for pure road transportation. It is not only a more cost-effective way of producing, but also allegations of slow production times are denied.
