http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2726 product safety
product safety
Furniture : children's cots and folding cots for domestic use. Part 2. Test methods
Market control in Finland : a report on market control at the regional and local level in 1995
Market control in Finland
Automatic pit safety device
The European seminar on the market control of the machinery in the EEA, 19-20 June 1996, Tampere, Finland : seminar report
European product liability directive and manufacturer's liability for defective products in the United States
Executive summary (s. 9).
Useful facts in relation to the personal protective equipment (PPE) : directive 89/686/EEC
Production flow analysis for planning group technology
National chemical profile of Finland
Market control : report for the year 1994
Older adultdata : the handbook of measurements and capabilities of the older adult, data for design and safety
Strict liability in tort for personal injuries caused by dangerously defective productsaspects of the American experience
Henkilönsuojainten varmentaminen CE-merkillä = Certification of personal protective equipment with the CE marking
European product safety, internal market policy and the new approach to technical harmonisation and standards. Volume 1, The juridification of product safety policy
Consumer Protection in Russia : proceedings of a conference held in Moscow (Russia) 20 and 21 December 1994
Scientific committees on consumer products, on emerging and newly identified health risks, on health and environmental risks : 2004-2006 opinions
Machinery : useful facts in relation to directive 98/37/EC
Defending your brand against imitation : consumer behavior, marketing strategies and legal issues
Furniture : children's cots and folding cots for domestic use. Part 1, Safety requirements
Food irradiation : a technique for preserving and improving the safety of food
Childata : the handbook of child measurements and capabilities : data for design safety
The implementation process of E.U. directives on product safety, product liability and unfair contract terms : proceedings of a conference held in Riga (Latvia) on 13 and 14 October 1994
Safety considerations for biotechnology : scale-up of micro-organisms as biofertilizers
Helmets for pedal cyclists : a safety survey
Machinery : useful facts in relation to directive 89/392/EEC
The rules governing cosmetic products in the European Union : cosmetics legislation. Volume 1, Cosmetic products
SME internationalization : mass casualty rescue un UK air safety
Consumer protection in Bulgaria, Czech republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania and Romania : national reports and comparative analysis
Adhesives in food contact materails and articles : proceedings from a Nordic seminar, June 2001
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
PDA/EMEA European Virus Safety Forum : Paul-Ehrlich-Institut, Langen, Germany, September 29 - October 1, 2003 : proceedings of a conference
Regulatory function of European private law
Environmental requirements and market access
Electrometric methods for product and process control in the explosives industry
Development and control of medicines and medical devices
Adultdata : the handbook of adult anthropometric and strength measurements : data for design safety
Survey of adhesives used with dental filling materials
Safety of consumer products : policy and legislation in OECD member countries : report
Dangerous consumer services
The composition and safety of skin creams, deodorants and hair dyes
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments : prepared in accordance with General Assembly resolutions 37/137, 38/149, 39/229 and 44/226
Child use and care articles : children's harnesses, reins and similar type articles : safety requirements and test methods
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 5. issue
The microbiological safety of sous-vide processing
Market Research of a Work-Safety Software in Germany
Household cleaning, care and maintenance products : chemistry, applications, ecology and consumer safety
Damage caused by the sale of a defective product by a trading corporation to a citizen as buyer under the Czechoslovak civil code
European product safety, internal market policy and the new approach to technical harmonisation and standards. Volume 5, Internal market and product safety policy
Lelujen turvallisuus = Safety of toys
Lelujen turvallisuus = Safety of toys / [Suomen standardisoimisliitto SFS ry]
Safer by design : the management of product design risks under strict liability
Lelujen turvallisuus : eräiden alkuaineiden siirtyminen = Safety of toys. Osa 3, Eräiden alkuaineiden siirtyminen = Migration of certain elements
Dangerous products
The rules governing cosmetic products in the European Union : cosmetics legislation. Volume 2, Cosmetic products, Methods of analysis
Safety assessment of cosmetics in Europe
Medicinal product liability and regulation
Personal protective equipment (PPE) : useful facts in relation to directive 89/686/EEC
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 2.     issue
Pirate spares pose safety threat
Ergonomics : foundational principles, applications, and technologies
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 6. issue, Pharmaceuticals
Textile toxicity : cytotoxicity and spermatozoa motility inhibition resulting from reactive dyes and dyed fabrics
Product safety in the EFTA countries, 1991
Consumer policy strategy 2002-2006 : communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions (COM (2002) 208 final)
What’s in your smart wallet? Challenges and roadblocks
Children's high chairs. Part 1, Safety requirements
Does licensing of drugs in industrialized countries guarantee drug quality and safety for third world countries? : the case of Norplant lisencing in Finland
ATEX guidelines : guidelines on the application of the European Parliament and Council Directive 94/9/EC of 23 March 1994 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States concerning equipment and protective systems intended for use in potentially explosive atmospheres
Scientific committees on consumer products, on emerging and newly identified health risks, on health and environmental risks : 2008 opinions
European product safety, internal market policy and the new approach to technical harmonisation and standards. Volume 2, Product safety legislation in France and in the United Kingdom
Systematic safety consideration in product design
Child safety : testing mechanical requirements on products used for and by children
Cosmetic and toiletry formulations
Fashion victims : the dangers of dress past and present
Product liability in Europe : a collection of reports prepared for the Conference on Product Liability in Europe to be held in Amsterdam on 25th and 26th September 1975.
Guide to applying human factors methods : human error and accident management in safety-critical systems
Regulating medicines in Europe : competition, expertise and public health
Lectures on products liability : report from a jubilee seminar
International product liability
Product safety : developing and implementing measures : report
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Regional and local market control pursuant to the product safety act : report for the year 1996
Nancy Drew: the perfect escape
Executive summary (s. 11-18).
Summary. - Yhteenveto.
The construction products directive : a practical guide to implementation and CE marking
Consumer protection in Czechoslovakia and Finland
European community law for the new economy
Federalism and responsibility : a study on product safety law and practice in the European Community
Eu guide to consumer affairs 2001.
101 toys in 1996 : a safety study
Tekstiilit : lasten yöasujen palo-ominaisuudet = Textiles : burning behaviour of children's nightwear : vaatimukset = specification
The ingredients, safety, efficacy and stability of sunscreens
Kuntolaitteet = Stationary training equipment
Products liability : problems and process
Conclusions (s. 41-43).
Recent Changes in Consumer Protection in the Russian Federation : proceedings of a conference held in St. Petersburg (Russia) on 26 and 27 October 1995
Improving the fire resistance properties of upholstered furnitute
Quality assurance : the route to efficiency and competitiveness
What's in this stuff? : the essential guide to what's really in the products you buy
Summary: Glycyrrhizic acid levels in liquorice confectionery.
Abstract.
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
The rules governing cosmetic products in the European Union : cosmetics legislation. 3, Guidelines - Cosmetic products, Notes of guidance for testing of cosmetic ingredients for their safety evaluation
Law on product quality control and product liability in China
Food & drink : good manufacturing practice : a guide to its responsible management
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Provisions concerning medical devices being harmonized in Europe
The implementation process of E.U. directives on product safety, product liability and unfair contract terms : proceedings of a Conference held in Riga (Latvia) on 13 and 14 October 1994
Consumer product safety standards and conformity assessment : issues in a global marketplace
Market control performed in accordance with the product safety act in 1997 : a report on regional and local market control in Finland and on collaboration between the National Consumer Administration and the Customs Laboratory in testing
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 9. issue, Chemicals
Product regulations and standards in WTO law
The constitution of private governance : product standards in the regulation of integrating markets
Children's high chairs. Part 2, Test methods
Nordisk marknadskontroll av personlig skyddsutrustning = Nordic market control of personal protective equipment
Market surveillance in Finland
Strategies for the European construction sector : a programme for change
The scope and objectives of consumer law : proceedings of a Conference held in Gdansk (Poland) on 16 and 17 September 1994
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 7. issue, Chemicals
Crop protection chemicals reference
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 8. issue, Pharmaceuticals
Product design of belt guard covers for flotation cells
World livestock 2013 : changing disease landscapes
Keeping European consumers safe : ... annual report on the operation of the Rapid Alert System for non-food consumer products : RAPEX
Defective and unsafe products : law and practice
