http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27260 intelligent systems
intelligent systems
The Finn family summer trip 2045 : a view to future business opportunities
Abstract.
In search for Avanto : a collection for the cold-water scuba divers with an infrared heating system
Software design for a Smart Lock System for Home Automation
Open source intelligence techniques : resources for searching and analyzing online information
Textile-based sensors and smart clothing system for respiratory monitoring
With a summary in Swedish.
User-adaptive environment : feasibility of sensors and applications for improving indoor energy efficiency, comfort and well-being
The nest big thing : extending the UTAUT2 model to study the effect of privacy concerns on consumer adoption
Embodied interaction choreographies : kinesthetic approach to intelligent environment design
Lightweight adaptation to situational changes in classifiers of multimodal human data
Utilization of neural network and agent technology combination for distributed intelligent applications and services
Digital materialities : design and anthropology
Smart sensors and systems : innovations for medical, environmental, and IoT applications
Cities for smart environmental and energy futures : impacts on architecture and technology
Architectural robotics : ecosystems of bits, bytes, and biology
Understanding computers and cognition : a new foundation for design
Smart technologies for safety engineering
Communication networks for smart grids : making smart grid real
Communication in smart grids using LTE
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Evolutionary cloud for cooperative UAV coordination
In to the Avanto : designing a wireless infrared heating system for cold water diving
Smart building systems for architects, owners, and builders
Handbook of Clean Energy Systems
What’s in your smart wallet? Challenges and roadblocks
Next nature
Teaching generation text : using cell phones to enhance learning
Vehicle monitoring system based on mobile platform
Materials that change color : smart materials, intelligent design
PHC production management system based on RFID
Viability of artificial neural networks in mobile healthcare
In addition to renewable energy systems,  the Handbook also covers processes for  the effi cient and clean conversion of  traditional fuels such as coal, oil and gas,  energy storage systems, mitigation technologies  for the reduction of environmental  pollutants, and the development  of intelligent energy systems. Environmental,  social and economic impacts of  energy systems are also addressed in  depth.
Semantic visualization for smart spaces : merging the material and digital worlds
Interfacing IEC 61850-9-2 process bus data to a simulation environment
Intelligent and adaptive lighting in retail environment
Making domestic technology meaningful : from purification to emotions
Cyber-physical systems as a platform for value co-creation : case: intelligent equipment in mining and construction industry
Connected TV as the technological puzzle. Call for a reform of audiovisual media services directive
Tools for building knowledge based systems
Professional Android wearables
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Benefits of carbon neutrality in a rapidly changing business environment
Flexible sensor for wearable vital sign monitoring system
Soft circuits : crafting E-fashion with DIY electronics
Usability and security in medication administration applications
Machine-to-machine Communications : Architectures, Technology, Standards, and Applications
21st century skills innovation library : E-textiles
The term "smart city" defines the new urban environment, one that is designed for performance through information and communication technologies. Given that the majority of people across the world will live in urban environments within the next few decades, it's not surprising that massive effort and investment is being placed into efforts to develop strategies and plans for achieving "smart" urban growth. Building Smart Cities: Analytics, ICT, and Design Thinking explains the technology and a methodology known as design thinking for building smart cities. Information and communications technologies form the backbone of smart cities. A comprehensive and robust data analytics program enables the right choices to be made in building these cities. Design thinking helps to create smart cities that are both livable and able to evolve. This book examines all of these components in the context of smart city development and shows how to use them in an integrated manner.
Crafting wearables : blending technology with fashion
Characterization and modeling of inkjet printed high frequency interconnections
The Routledge companion to labor and media
Ageing of population in many countries brings many challenges to researchers and opens new research fields. The number of systems and applications that affect to human living is enormously huge, and more are to come. Among the challenges that are subjects of research domains relevant to Ambient Assisted Living (AAL), interoperability between the systems is one of the most important. Regardless of a great number of implementations of Smart Homes – home platforms and solutions, developed in research circles and available on markets – and the fact that the interoperability aspects were addressed in a number of ways during the last decades, real-world solutions are still well fragmented. In addition, they may contain proprietary elements, and require relatively high development effort to achieve interoperability. Those are limiting factors that affect the appearance of new AAL services. The research objectives of this Master’s theses are the following: to research a state-of-the art service provisioning; to define relevant notions, to specify appropriate details and to identify best practices; and to propose a concept of service provisioning that is independent on existing AAL systems. The research boundaries of this work are determined by the AAL services domain, where stakeholders assist an independent living of domestic users by maintaining a high quality of their lives. An extensive theoretical research on all relevant aspects as well as practical experiments, including a user-driven research, an early inclusion, and field trials were performed. The proposed Decentralised Service Architecture and the refined Smart Living concepts are the major outcomes of the work. The idea of the architecture is to abstract whenever it is possible from the low-level technical interoperability to knowledge-based interoperability via such a high-level medium as the Web, using the Linked Data approach – in order to facilitate the minimum or no development effort for service provisioning. The HoviMestari system is utilising the Decentralised Service Architecture framework that is designed based on needs of elderly people. Some aspects of human living, such as education, work, cultural and social life, range beyond those living environments where Smart Homes operate. The concept of Smart Living is better suitable since it essentially assumes all the aspects of human living being affected with technologies. Technological challenges are similar regardless of a smart space and its domain. Understanding that may bring to a development of generic, unified solutions that could be reusable across smart spaces and domains.
individual's activity. IoT nodes include hardware components such as analog front ends, microcontrollers and radio modules as well as software modules for biosignal processing, Web connectivity, and data storage. In this master thesis, two of the main components of an IoT based healthcare system are designed and implemented, namely a wireless medical sensor and an energy efficient smart gateway. These devices form a system capable of acquiring and transmitting different types of biosignals to remote clients and servers via IP based networks. A complete design cycle from idea to prototype is described. This includes selection of technologies, design of system blocks and mapping to commercially available components. Hardware implementation is described, including interfacing microcontrollers to peripherals and wireless connectivity. On the software side, the implementation of network stacks, digital signal processing modules and servers are presented. The resulting architectures represents a low-cost, reliable and scalable system compatible with consumer friendly Web technologies.
Demand response benefits for major assets of high voltage distribution systems : capacity gain and life management
Hardware Design for a Smart Lock System for Home Automation
Motion interactive games for children with motor disorders : motivation, physical activity, and motor control
BlackBerry Pearl 3G for dummies
Smart futures meet northern realities : anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
The book addresses issues towards the design and development of Wireless Sensor Network based Smart Home and fusion of Real-Time Data for Wellness Determination of an elderly person living alone in a Smart Home. The fundamentals of selection of sensor, fusion of sensor data, system design, modelling, characterizations, experimental investigations and analyses have been covered. This book will be extremely useful for the engineers and researchers especially higher undergraduate, postgraduate students as well as practitioners working on the development of Wireless Sensor Networks, Internet of Things and Data Mining.
Teletext in Europe : from the analog to the digital era
The singularity is near : when humans transcend biology
Wearable robots : biomechatronic exoskeletons
This book introduces the exciting intersection of technology and fashion known as wearable computing. Learn about the future of electronics in clothing and testiles, and be a part of creating that future! Crafting Wearables begins with the history of the field, then covers current practices and future trends. You will gain deeper insight into the strategy behind the design of wearable devices while learning about the tools and materials needed to start your own wearables toolbox. In a time when consumer electronics are becoming smaller and seamlessly integrated into our lives, it is important to understand how technology can improve and augment your lifestyle. Wearables are in a sense the most organic and natural interface we can design, yet there is still doubt about how quickly wearable technologies will become the cultural norm. Furthermore, skills that have become less valuable over the years, such as sewing, are making a return with the wearables movement. Gives a better understanding of wearable technology and how it has evolved Teaches basic skills and techniques to familiarize you with the tools and materials Showcases breakthrough designs and discoveries that impact our everyday interactions.
The Audiovisual Media Services Directive replaced the basic EU law act applicable to broadcasting the Television Without Frontiers Directive. The AVMSD was to be the technology neutral act, but the advent of smart TV has underpinned the existing regulation. In the article the basic functions of smart TV and the current discussion concerning the potential reform of the AVMSD is discussed. The starting point is the possibility of accessing different services offering audiovisual material, via connected devices. The article highlights the issue of the scope of the "audiovisual media service" focusing on the non-linear audiovisual media service to exemplify which services fall outside of the AVMSD. Furthermore, the example of the protection of minors is chosen to demonstrate what are the legal consequences if the service is not an audiovisual media service. As the smart TV is the puzzle for the legislator the main elements of this puzzle are referred to in this article.
This book describes the technology used for effective sensing of our physical world and intelligent processing techniques for sensed information, which are essential to the success of Internet of Things (IoT). The authors provide a multidisciplinary view of sensor technology from materials, process, circuits, and big data domains and showcase smart sensor systems in real applications including smart home, transportation, medical, environmental, agricultural, etc. Unlike earlier books on sensors, this book provides a “global” view on smart sensors covering abstraction levels from device, circuit, systems, and algorithms. Profiles active research on smart sensors based on CMOS microelectronics; Describes applications of sensors and sensor systems in cyber physical systems, the social information infrastructure in our modern world; Includes coverage of a variety of related information technologies supporting the application of sensors; Discusses the integration of computation, networking, actuation, databases, and various sensors, in order to embed smart sensor systems into actual social systems.
Towards computer-assisted regulation of emotions
Mindful tech : how to bring balance to our digital lives
Smart futures meet northern realities: anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
BlackBerry for work : productivity for professionals
Smart city : research highlights
Wearable technology : smart watches to Google Glass for libraries
Healing jewellery, thought transmitter jewellery & personal space jewellery : imaginary jewellery futures concepts combining technology and bioarts
7th GIM Scientific Workshop at Aalto University School of Electrical Engineering 19.-20.9.2013
Computational intelligence applications in smart grids : enabling methodologies for proactive and self-organizing power systems
On the road to digital paradise : the naked approach
The impact of pen and touch technology on education
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Web technology based smart home interoperability
Digital collaborations and entrepreneurship : the role of shareconomy and crowdsourcing in the era of smart city
Smart growth codes and zoning, assessment and evaluation : case study: Vancouver 2020 development plan
Large-scale high-performance video surveillance
Programming Google glass : the mirror API
The intelligent web : search, smart algorithms and big data
Adaptive power and frequency allocation strategies in cognitive radio systems
Future crimes : everything is connected, everyone is vulnerable and what we can do about it
Sew electric : a collection of DIY projects that combine fabric, electronics, and programming
Proceedings of the International Conferences on ICT, Society and Human Beings 2015, Web Based Communities and Social Media 2015 and Connected Smart Cities 2015 : Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain : July 21-23, 2015
What to think about machines that think : today's leading thinkers on the age of machine intelligence
The CARELIA simulator : a development and specification environment for neural networks
Smart technologies
Beginning Android wearables
Smart homes : design, implementation and issues
Building smart cities : analytics, ICT, and design thinking
A proof of concept for people tracking application using smart-spaces, online services and computer vision
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
The Internet of Things : key applications and protocols
Productivity leap with IoT : visions of the Internet of Things with a special focus on global asset management and smart lighting
South Ostrobothnia - smart outstanding : strategy for smart specialisation
Characterization and design methodologies for wearable passive UHF RFID tag antennas for wireless body-centric systems
usability and security in medication administration applications
Ubiquitous healthcare system based on Internet of Things
This book will serve as a reference guide for anyone that is responsible for the collection of online content. It is written in a hands-on style that encourages the reader to execute the tutorials as they go. The search techniques offered will inspire analysts to "think outside the box" when scouring the internet for personal information.   Much of the content of this book has never been discussed in any publication. Always thinking like a hacker, the author has identified new ways to use various technologies for an unintended purpose. This book will improve anyone's online investigative skills. Among other techniques, you will learn how to locate:  Hidden Social Network Content, Cell Phone Owner Information, Twitter GPS & Account Data, Hidden Photo GPS & Metadata, Deleted Websites & Posts, Website Owner Information, Alias Social Network Profiles, Additional User Accounts, Sensitive Documents & Photos, Live Streaming Social Content, IP Addresses of Users, Newspaper Archives & Scans, Social Content by Location, Private Email Addresses, Historical Satellite Imagery, Duplicate Copies of Photos, Local Personal Radio Frequencies, Compromised Email Information, Wireless Routers by Location, Hidden Mapping Applications, Complete Facebook Data, Free Investigative Software, Alternative Search Engines, Stolen Items for Sale, Unlisted Addresses, Unlisted Phone Numbers.
Introduction to smart eHealth and eCare technologies
Fundamentals of wearable computers and augmented reality
Active smart interior textiles : interactive soft displays
Memory-saving optimization algorithms for systems with limited hardware
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
A concept of services delivery to modern households : linked data approach
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Driverless : intelligent cars and the road ahead
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Focus on overall efficiency (English summary)
Smartphones in vocational tourism education : truly useful or just another reason to find new excuses
Multitasking-Impact of ICT on learning
"Few inventions have changed life as much as the car. These large hunks of steel and horsepower are everywhere, so ubiquitous and deeply intertwined with our lives, jobs and families that we barely pay them any attention. The mundane car, however, is about to become the ultimate mobility device. Thanks to rapid advances in robotics and artificial intelligence, cars are poised to morph into the first mainstream autonomous robots that we will entrust with our lives, creating a cascade of social and economic change. - How do driverless cars work? - Why has it taken nearly 100 years to create a working driverless car? - What are the technological and social barriers? - How do roboticists create artificial perception and what is "Deep Learning"? - How will this technology change our lives, our businesses, and our cities? - What new opportunities lie ahead?"--Provided by publisher.
