http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27209 crude oil
crude oil
Determinants of transit transports between the European  Union and Russia
Abstract: Syke proficiency test 4/2004.
Oilseed sector profile
World energy outlook 2008
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
The prize : the epic quest for oil, money and power
Plant-available boron in soils and the boron requirement of spring oilseed rapes
The basics of oil spill cleanup
Oil, Islam and conflict : Central Asia since 1945
The geopolitics of energy import dependence : the evolution of India's energy foreign policy
Abstract in Finnish.
The study makes an effort to elaborate the question, how Russian political, geopolitical and economic dependencies and aspirations may influence transit transport flows related to the trade between the European Union and Russia, and on Russian decisions to invest in transport infrastructures.The factors influencing on the choice of export transit transport corridors range from a number of long-term economic and geo-political security considerations of the Russian energy sector to a short-term needs to exert pressures to gain political benefits.Thus, three factors seem to have a major impact on the direction and volume the transit transport: 1) Russian national geo-strategic security considerations aiming at the maintenance of economic autarchy and spheres of interest, 2) the structure of trade between the European Union and Russia, and 3) the unwillingness of Russia to purchase from the new border republics transit transport services, available for free during the FSU era.Finally, the study contains statistics on the volumes and values of the transit transport flows between the European Union and Russia by commodity groups and by corridors (Ukraine-Slovakia, Poland-Belarus, Lithuania-Belarus, Latvia, Estonia, and Finland). .
With a summary in English.
Characterization of petroleum and bio-oil samples by ultrahigh-resolution Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance mass spectrometry
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
The yield and essential oil content of mint (Mentha ssp.) in Northern Ostrobothnia
Hydrocarbon contaminated soils. Vol. 4, Perspectives, analysis, human health and risk assessment, remediation
Oil : politics, poverty and the planet
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
The dry-line method in bast fibre production
Olje og fiske : rettslige problemer og rettslige muligheter = Studies in oil law: Oil and fishing - legal problems and legal possibilities
We fight for oil
Oil and politics : new relationships among the oil-producing states : Azerbaijan, Russia, Kazakhstan, and the West
Syke proficiency test 2/2006 : volatile organic compounds and mineral oils from water and polluted soil
Vegetable oils in food technology : composition, properties and uses
Are OPEC̕ s Production Quotas Challengeable under GATT Article XI?
Molecular biomonitoring during rhizoremediation of oil-contaminated soil
Cases and materials on the law of oil and gas
Risks, strengths and weaknesses of Russian oil and gas
The differences between co-integration of oil and gas in European and US markets after and before the shale booms
Bioremediation of Contaminated Soil Containing Crude Oil
The social and environmental effects of the palm-oil industry in the Oriente of Ecuador
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Perspectives on Russia's energy sector
The environmental impacts of oil shipping and offshore wind power at the eastern Gulf of Finland : a Bayesian approach to marine spatial planning
The use of plants for soil remediation at Milford Haven Refinery in South Wales
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
Indigenous peoples and oil : report of a seminar in Finland [editing: Pirjo Brusin-Niemi ... et al.]
Bioremediation : applied microbial solutions for real-world environmental cleanup
New conditions for growth in Russia
Oil, debt and development : OPEC in the Third World
China - Africa relations : review and analysis. Volume 1
Oilopoly  : Putin, power and the rise of new Russia
Natural resource conflicts : incentives for war and peace in Aceh
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
EIA in the Baltic countries : the case of three oil terminals
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Joint operating agreements : mitigating operational and contractual risks in exclusive operations
Towards minimizing measurement uncertainty in total petroleum hydrocarbon determination by GC-FID
Review of the Nigerian Institute for Oil Palm Research (NIFOR)
Techno-economic study on the reduction measures, based on best available technology, of water discharges and waste generation from refineries
Engineering geological experience from unlined excavated oil storage caverns in a precambrian rock mass in the Porvoo area, Southern Finland
High resilience in the Yamal-Nenets social-ecological system, West Siberian Arctic, Russia
The forge of Vulcan
Olive oil processing in Cyprus from the Bronze Age to the Byzantine period
Russia, Finland and Norway : Economic essays
Ketteli people and the oil refinery : an empirical study of attitude formation and change
Arctic rising
Absolute advantages of Finnish agriculture : why not commercialised?
The European Union's dependency on Russian natural gas and oil supplies from a supplier obstructionism perspective
Oil and world power
Petroleum investment policies in developing countries
A century of war : Anglo-American oil politics and the new world order
No analysis of the Russian economy today can ignore the role of energy production. Russia is the world's largest producer of crude oil and natural gas, the world's third largest consumer of energy and a global giant in hydrocarbon exports. But just how big is the actual contribution of oil and gas production to national economic output? Who is discovering, pumping and shipping Russia's oil? What is the energy sector's role in government revenue and Russia's external balance? This issue of BOFIT Online comprises nine short articles with timely insights into the challenges facing Russia's energy sector.  Key words: Russia, energy, natural gas, oil, state economy, electricity production .
Assessment 2007 : oil and gas activities in the Arctic - effects and potential effects. Volume 2
African upstream oil and gas : a practical guide to the law and regulation
Joint operating agreements : risk control for the non-operator
The Middle East oil decade and beyond : essays in political economy
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 6 : The energy dilemma : the dominanse of fossil fuels
Why we hate the oil companies : straight talk from an energy insider
Bioremediation of petroleum and petroleum products
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
The encyclopaedia of oil and gas law. Vol. 2, Midstream and downstream
Bacterial community dynamics and perennial crop growth in motor oil-contaminated soil in a boreal climate
Afterlight
Le pétrole et le gaz arctiques : problèmes et perspectives : le 5e Congrès international de la Fondation française d'études nordiques, Le Havre, 2-5 mai 1973 : rapports scientifiques = Arctic oil and gas : problems and possibilities. [1]
The potential of microbial ecological indicators to guide ecosophisticated management of hydrocarbon-contaminated soils
Saudi Arabia today : an introduction to the richest oil power
Bacterial community structure and petroleum hydrocarbon degradation in the Baltic Sea
Russia is a globally important oil and gas producer.Russian hydrocarbons are not only crucial to the domestic economy but also to European countries depending on energy imports.This paper reviews the current stand and future prospects of Russian oil and gas production and exports.Russia has clearly stated that it wants to diversify its oil trade by increasing its exports to other areas than Europe.At the same time, many countries have seen their gas import prices rising significantly.As energy prices and exports have also been the main driver behind the current economic boom in Russia, there is no doubt that Russian energy will stay high on both the economic and political agenda of the EU and its member countries at least in any foreseeable future.The question remains whether there is enough Russian oil and gas for all new pipelines planned, as well as whether the huge investment needs of the energy sector can possibly be fulfilled, given the current investment climate and increasing government influence in the major energy firms.  Keywords: energy, oil, natural gas, Russia, EU .
Oil and politics in the Gulf : rulers and merchants in Kuwait and Qatar
Russian oil and gas : a multidimensional analysis from a European perspective
The impact of oil revenues on Arab Gulf development
Bioremediation of oil contamined soil from service stations : evaluation of biological treatment
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
Foreword  3 Eirik Wærness, Pöyry AS  Energy and the Russian Economy  4 Laura Solanko, BOFIT  Russian Gas - Has the 2009 economic crisis changed Russian gas fundamentals?  9 Daniel Buikema Fjærtoft, Pöyry AS  Economic relations between Finland and Russia  22 Heli Simola, BOFIT  The High North and Russo-Norwegian bilateral economic relations  32 Morten Anker, Pöyry AS  A forecasting model for Russia's economy  42 Jouko Rautava, BOFIT  Reflections on Modeling the Russian Economy  49 Daniel Buikema Fjærtoft, Pöyry AS .
Peri-Tethys memoir. 2, Structure and prospects of Alpine basins and forelands
Syke proficiency test 4/2004 : mineral oil from polluted soil
Blood and oil : the dangers and consequences of America's growing petroleum dependency
Natural attenuation of anthropogenic organic compounds in boreal soil and groundwater
Brazilian upstream oil and gas : a practical guide to the law and regulation
Petroleum and gas field processing
Growing Food  : A Guide to Food Production
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
The end of oil : the decline of the petroleum economy and the rise of the new energy order
The Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) in Cameroon : realities and prospects
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Fragmentation of the Middle East : the last thirty years
Le pétrole et le gaz arctiques : problèmes et perspectives : le 5e Congrès international de la Fondation française d'études nordiques, Le Havre, 2-5 mai 1973 : rapports scientifiques = Arctic oil and gas : problems and possibilities. [2]
Russian energy sector / prospects and implications for  Russian growth, economic policy and energy supply
Russian oil and gas : a source of integration
