http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27254 B-Cell lymphoma
B-Cell lymphoma
Mechanisms and regulation of apoptotic pathways in human follicular lymphoma cells : aiming for curative treatment
Aberrant kinase activation as a therapy target : chronic myeloid leukemia as a model disease
Genetic basis of fomilia lymphoma predisposotion
Role and regulation of Pim kinases in lymphocytes
Cell plasticity in cancer : cues from virus-host interactions
MicroRNAs as predictive and prognostic biomarkers in human neoplasia : with specific focus on colorectal cancer, giant cell tumor of bone, and leukemias
Generation and characterization of follicular lymphoma cell lines as models for B cell differentiation and maturation
Tumor dormancy in breast cancer
Selective targeting of Bcl-2 family proteins through glucocorticoid and cell surface receptors : new insights for lymphoma therapy
A translational study on the roles of redox molecules, cell cycle regulators and chemokine receptors as prognostic factors in diffuse large b-cell lymphoma
Nucleolar RNAs and proteins in leukemia and zebrafish development
Receptor-mediated apoptosis in B cells : from the regulation of B Cell survival to potential novel approaches for lymphoma therapy
Summary.
In the present study, some of the difficulties in the treatment of the most common malignant lymphoma, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), were evaluated. Some patients develop local or central nervous system (CNS) relapse after first-line treatment. The treatment of relapsed disease is challenging and despite all efforts, some patients die of the disease. Chemoresistant disease also remains challenging because some patients suffer from refractory disease of a progressive nature.The antioxidant enzymes peroxiredoxins (Prxs) and thioredoxin-1 (Trx) were evaluated as prognostic and predictive markers of DLBCL. High cytoplasmic expression of Prx VI was found to correlate with poor prognosis in patients with DLBCL. Trx knockdown in lymphoma cell culture revealed a possible predictive role of Trx. Trx knockdown sensitized cells to doxorubicin, a widely used chemotherapeutic agent in treatment schemas of DLBCL. Etoposide, another widely used chemotherapeutic agent, on the other hand, killed more native DLBCL cells than did doxorubicin. Patients with high Trx expression at the diagnostic stage of the disease benefitted from etoposide-containing high-dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell transplantation and did not develop post-transplantation relapses which Trx-negative patients did.Antithrombin III (AT III) in cerebrospinal fluid has been suggested to be a biomarker in previous studies of CNS lymphoma. In the present study, AT III was evaluated in patients with CNS lymphoma and with neurological diseases. High concentrations of AT III in cerebrospinal fluid reflected the magnitude of blood-brain barrier leakage and because of this, AT III should not be used as a biomarker in clinical practice.
Epstein-Barr Virus. Volume 1, One herpes virus: many diseases
A translational study on the roles of redox molecules, cell cycle regulators and chemokine receptors as prognostic factors in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
Translational research on challenges in the treatment of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
