http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27274 flag processions
flag processions
Heritage attractions are one the oldest and most common places visited by tourists. These historical places are important for both the community in which they operate and for tourists who visit them. However, concerns arise when the benefits received by one of these two groups are either threatened or minimized. One of the common problems faced by heritage attractions is insufficient funding for conservation works. The Fortress of Suomenlinna is a UNESCO World Heritage Site that lately has experienced a rise in number of visitors during summer periods of the year and the site is currently free of charge.  Speculating about an entrance fee policy as a way to manage the increasing number of visitors, this thesis addresses the willingness to pay of tourists for one-day visit fee to Suomenlinna by employing the Contingent Valuation survey method in an open-ended format.    Visitors were identified into three main typologies; by their motivation to visit, by their visitation patterns, and by their geographic characteristics. A sample 268 visitors responded to questionnaires in the beginning of March 2008. 59% of participants answered positively to the willingness to pay questions. The value of the mode was 0 Euros, the median was 2 Euros, and the mean was 3.7 Euros. Cultural visitors, first-time visitors, and foreign visitors were more positive toward paying for one-day visit fee to Suomenlinna than leisure, repeat, or domestic visitors. One key finding is that regardless of the reason for visiting or the frequency of visits to Suomenlinna, foreign respondents gave higher amounts than domestic ones. And contrary to expectations, a good number of leisure and domestic participants were also willing to pay a visit fee to Suomenlinna to contribute to its maintenance. These results suggest that there is at hand a source of additional funding to continue maintaining the site and to manage tourism-related activities.
Visitors' willingness to pay for an entrance fee to cultural heritage sites : the case of Suomenlinna
