http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27271 employment security
employment security
Summary: The development of social expenditure in the long term.
Targets, models and policies : a quantitative approach to raising the EU employment rate
Economic impacts of immigration : a survey
The social dimension : employment policy in the European Community
Welfare to work in practice : social security and participation in economic and social life
Sustainable social and health development in the Nordic Countries : seminar, 6th April 2006, Oslo
Social security incentives and human capital investment
The OECD jobs study : taxation, employment and unemployment
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 4, Activation policies in the context of social assistance
Regulating the poor : the functions of public welfare
Labor markets and social security : wage costs, social security financing and labor market reforms in Europe
Combatting unemployment
Joint report on social inclusion
Joint report on social protection and social inclusion 2008 : social inclusion, pensions, healthcare and long-term care
Social position of artists in Finland
The International guide to social security : a country by country overview
Job security and labour market performance
Abstract (1 s.).
World social situation in the 1990s
Rescaling social policies : towards multilevel governance in Europe
Work, family policies and transitions to adulthood in Europe
Labour market studies. Spain
Social precarity and social integration
Gender and the European labour market
Labour, social policy, and the welfare state
Employment and wage effects of a payroll-tax cut-evidence from a regional experiment
Restructuring in Europe 2008 : a review of EU action to anticipate and manage employment change
Summary (kuvailulehti): Employment effects of an experiment with social security contributions : report of evaluation project. Abstract (s. 25).
National organizations coordinating operations supported by the European Social Fund in Ireland, the Netherlands, Denmark and Finland
Trends in social protection in Finland 2005-2006
Labour market institutions and the effectiveness of tax and benefit policies in enhancing employment : a general equilibrium analysis
Pensions are no solution to the unemployment problem : analysis of the suggested introduction of lower retirement ages as a measure against unemployment
The social dimension of the changing European Union
Pension system, unemployment insurance and employment at older ages in Finland
Towards higher employment : the role of labour market institutions
The Finnish employment and income security models in a Nordic comparison
Labour market studies. Germany
Live & work in USA and Canada
The Nordic model and the modernisation of social protection in Europe
Labour market studies. Italy
Tax progression and structure of labour taxation in an open economy general equilibrium model with monopoly unions
Transforming disability into ability : policies to promote work and income security for disabled people
Transitional labour markets and flexicurity from the Finnish labour market point of view
Structural unemployment and negative income tax : the case of Finland
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
Decent work and the informal economy
Labour taxation and employment in trade union models : a partial survey
Essays on labour taxation and unemployment insurance
Joint report on social protection and social inclusion 2007
Labour market studies. Ireland
Manual for gender mainstreaming : employment, social inclusion and social protection policies
Economic portrait of the European Union 1999
The Routledge handbook of the welfare state
Labour market studies. Finland
Women, the elderly and social policy in Finland and Japan : the muse or the worker bee?
Labour market studies. Austria
Flexicurity : implications for lifelong career guidance
OECD factbook 2005 : economic, environmental and social statistics
European governance : policy making between politicization and control
Labour market studies. Greece
Work and welfare in Britain and the USA
Social policy : an introduction
Employment and progressive employer's social security contributions
Benefit systems and work incentives
Summary (s. 9-13).
Has globalization gone too far?
Joint report on social protection and social inclusion
Towards common principles of flexicurity : more and better jobs through flexibility and security
The Finnish payroll tax cut experiment revisited
Trends in social protection in Finland 2004.
European labour law and social policy
Global finance and social Europe
Shifting the tax burden from labour to capital in general equilibrium
Regulation and institutionalization in the Baltic states
Regulating the risk of unemployment : national adaptations to post-industrial labour markets in Europe
Applications of treatment effects models and semiparametric estimation
Wage bargaining and employment under different unemployment insurance contribution policies
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (2 s.).
Labour market studies. Netherlands
Directions of telework in Finland : report by the Finnish experience with telework project
Finland's national pension strategy report 2005
EU social and employment law : policy and practice in an enlarged Europe
The Other Hong Kong report, : 1990
Summary (s. 7-15).
Trends in social protection in Finland 2003.
Poverty and social security
These papers study the position of women in two ageing societies - Japan and Finland. The focus on women is seen as an essential indicator which helps analyze the nature of social change in Finnish and Japanese societies. Topics covered include housing policy, retirement, and social security.
Labour market studies. United Kingdom
Is unemployment compensation responsible for high unemployment rates? : a study of the Canadian economy
Employment and accrued pension rights among the elderly : a peek into the pension registers
Essays on the financing of unemployment benefits
