http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27233 Beta (Chenopodiaceae)
Beta (Chenopodiaceae)
Pests, diseases and disorders of the sugar beet
Effect of harvest time on sugar beet fertilised with increased nitrogen
Referat.
Yield formation in the main field crops
Bleaching of sugar beet pulp and its environmental load
Abstract.
Alternative agriculture and rural development : a case study of sugar beet cultivation in Kenya
Sugar-beet nutrition
Pests of cultivated plants in Finland in 1975
Row-column designs applied to experiments with sugar beet seeds
Sugar beet cultivation : technical conclusions based on experience gained in the Krasnodar region
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Atlas of diseases and pests in beet = Atlas des maladies et des parasites de la betterave = Atlas der Krankenheiten der Rübe
Postharvest biotechnology of sugar crops
The physiology of vegetable crops
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) : the significance of gene flow through pollen transfer
Micron Varidome and its Use at Thomas Banks & Partners
Environmental impacts of sugar production : the cultivation and processing of sugarcane and sugar beet
The sugar markets and the Everything But Arms (EBA) of the European Union
Aroma and flavor in liquid beet sugar processing
Report of a Working Group on Beta : first meeting, 9-10 September 1999, Broom's Barn, Higham, Bury St. Edmunds, United Kingdom
Impact of spring warming on sowing times of cereal, potato and sugar beet in Finland
Sugar-beet glossary : including lists of diseases, pests and weeds in English, French, German and Latin
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Microflora in beet sugar extraction
Effect of clay soil strength and structure on root penetration and crop yield
Damping-off of sugar beet with special reference to the fungus Pythium Pringsheim
Potential and competitiveness of biomass as energy source in central Baltic Sea region : results and findings of the pure biomass project 2012-2013
The sugar markets and the everything but arms (EBA) of the European Union
Compendium of beet diseases and insects
Abstract (1 s.).
Estimation of genetic components of variation in sugar beets (Beta vulgaris L.) : with special emphasis on epistatic interactions
Comparative advantages in sugar beet production in comparison to coffee processing : the Swedish case
Effects of soil moisture on the germination and emergence of sugar beet (beta vulgaris l.)
The protection of sugarcane and sugar beets, January 1979 - February 1988 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
"Efficient use and production of energy is a relevant factor for a green economy. Sustainable use of energy resources has significant effects on the development and preservation of the Central Baltic Sea Region environment in the next decades and centuries. Diverse use of biomass in energy production is important for increasing the energy supply to meet our growing demands and solving our local, regional and global environmental challenges. The objective of the Pure Biomass project was to build public understanding about the benefits of using biomass for energy production. Project activities were based on studies of biomass availability, technical-economic aspects and environmental protection. The results can be used to promote the technical and economic benefits of the use of different types of biomass feedstock in energy production in the project focus areas. This publication offers the main results of the multinational Pure Biomass project in the form of articles written by experts in their own fields. The publication consists of studies conducted during the project and will reveal the experiences gained within and also outside the project network." --
Agronomic handbook : management of crops, soils, and their fertility
Incompatibility classes and fruit set in natural populations of arctic bramble (Rubus arcticus L.) in Finland
