http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27224 mate
mate
All her life, Cassia has never had a choice. The Society dictates everything: when and how to play, where to work, where to live, what to eat and wear, when to die, and most importantly to Cassia as she turns 17, whom to marry. When she is Matched with her best friend Xander, things couldn't be more perfect. But why did her neighbor Ky's face show up on her match disk as well?.
More like wrestling than dancing
To love, honor, and obey in colonial Mexico : conflicts over marriage choice, 1574-1821
Dating and mate-selection in modern Taiwan
Mate selection across cultures
House of women : a novel
Timing of reproductive effort as an alternative mating strategy in young black grouse (Tetrao tetrix) males
The return of the native
Sense and sensibility
Finding love online : a study on British young adults' self-presentation and mate-preferences in online dating
Unmarriages : women, men, and sexual unions in the Middle Ages
The mating mind : how sexual choice shaped the evolution of human nature
We trust our sciences to operate on a plane of objectivity and fact in a world of subjectivity and cultural ideologies, but should we? In The Age of Scientific Sexism, philosopher Mari Ruti offers a sharp critique of the gender profiling tendencies of evolutionary psychology, untangling the insidious threads of various gender mythologies that have infiltrated-or perhaps even define-this faux-science. Selling stereotypes as scientific facts, evolutionary psychology continually brings retrograde models of sexuality into mainstream culture: it insists that men and women live in two completely different psychological, emotional, and sexual universes, and that they will consequently always be locked in a vicious battle of the sexes. Among these regressive arguments is the assumption that men's sexuality is urgent and indiscriminate, whereas women are "naturally" reluctant, reticent, and choosy-a concept constructed to justify masculine behavior, such as cheating, that women have historically found painful. On its most basic level, The Age of Scientific Sexism explores our impulse to "explain" romantic behavior through science: in the increasingly egalitarian gender landscape of our society, why are we so eager to embrace the rampant gender profiling that evolutionary psychology promotes? Perhaps these simplistic gender caricatures owe their popularity, at least in part, to our overly pragmatic society pragmatic society, which encourages us to search for easy answers to complex questions.
Show boat
Physical attractiveness and the theory of sexual selection : results from five populations
Matched
female spiritual masters, largely unknown to westerners.
'Mate Selection Across Cultures' provides a compilation of the diversity of couple formation experiences, with particular attention to those relationships that lead to marriage. It covers the processes, traditions and practices associated with couple formation in 14 countries around the world.
Pride and prejudice : an annotated edition
The psychology of physical attraction
Jane Austen, or, The secret of style
Two brothers : the fourth song
The amateur marriage : a novel
Love online : emotions on the Internet
Sense and sensibility : an annotated edition
In this eagerly awaited new novel, Lionel Shriver, the Orange Prize-winning author of the international bestseller We Need to Talk About Kevin, delivers an imaginative and entertaining look at the implications, large and small, of whom we choose to love. Using a playful parallel-universe structure, The Post-Birthday World follows one woman's future as it unfolds under the influence of two drastically different men. Children's book illustrator Irina McGovern enjoys a quiet and settled life in London with her partner, fellow American expatriate Lawrence Trainer, a smart, loyal, disciplined intellectual at a prestigious think tank. To their small circle of friends, their relationship is rock solid. Until the night Irina unaccountably finds herself dying to kiss another man: their old friend from South London, the stylish, extravagant, passionate top-ranking snooker player Ramsey Acton. The decision to give in to temptation will have consequences for her career, her relationships with family and friends, and perhaps most importantly the texture of her daily life. Hinging on a single kiss, this enchanting work of fiction depicts Irina's alternating futures with two men temperamentally worlds apart yet equally honorable. With which true love Irina is better off is neither obvious nor easy to determine, but Shriver's exploration of the two destinies is memorable and gripping. Poignant and deeply honest, written with the subtlety and wit that are the hallmarks of Shriver's work, The Post-Birthday World appeals to the what-if in us all.
Human mate choice and prehistoric marital networks
Maintenance of genetic variation in sexual ornamentation : role of precopulatory and postcopulatory sexual selection
Evolution and "the sex problem" : American narratives during the eclipse of Darwinism
The flirt's tragedy : desire without end in Victorian and Edwardian fiction
Māte Mahādēvi: a progressive female mystic in today's India
Two sisters, one practical and conventional and the other emotional and sentimental, find that only through compromise of their mutual differences can they get along.
The age of scientific sexism : how evolutionary psychology promotes gender profiling and fans the battle of the sexes
Transmission and host and mate location in the fish louse Argulus coregoni and its link with bacterial disease in fish
50 ways to find a lover
The C words
The other woman's shoes
Four play
Mating intelligence : sex, relationships, and the mind's reproductive system
Soul mates : honoring the mysteries of love and relationship
Coevolution of male signals and female preferences in <em>Drosophila montana</em> and <em>D. virilis</em>
The post-birthday world
A room with a view
The modern lover : a playbook for suitors, spouses & ringless carousers
Playing the love market : dating, romance, and the real world
The Cambridge edition of the works of Jane Austen. Emma
Women men love, women men leave : what makes men want to commit
1001 questions to ask before you get married
