http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27288 theory of justice
theory of justice
Challenges the entrenched understandings of Machiavelli, arguing that he was a moral and political philosopher who consistently favored the rule of law over that of men, that he had a coherent theory of justice, and that he did not defend the 'Machiavellian' maxim that the ends justify the means.
Machiavelli's ethics
The legacy of John Rawls
The economics of justice
Voice & matter : communication, development and the cultural return
Modern theories of justice
The Greek tradition in republican thought
A treatise on social justice. 2, Justice as impartiality
Practical reasoning in human affairs : studies in honor of Chaim Perelman
Scales of justice : reimagining political space in a globalizing world
Equity : in theory and practice
Law after modernity
Capabilities equality : basic issues and problems
Plato and the Republic
Democratic procedures and liberal consensus
Envisioning real utopias
Sword and scales : an examination of the relationship between law and politics
"This book brings together a team of leading theorists to address the question 'What is the right measure of justice?' Some contributors, following Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum, argue that we should focus on capabilities, or what people are able to do and to be. Others, following John Rawls, argue for focussing on social primary goods, the goods which society produces and which people can use. Still others see both views as incomplete and complementary to one another. Their essays evaluate the two approaches in the light of particular issues of social justice - education, health policy, disability, children, gender justice - and the volume concludes with an essay by Amartya Sen, who originated the capabilities approach"--Provided by publisher.
Reclaiming the history of ethics : essays for John Rawls
Rescuing justice and equality
Local justice : how institutions allocate scarce goods and necessary burdens
Justice in the risk society : challenging and re-affirming justice in late modernity
Feminist interpretations of John Rawls
The principles of social policy
The community of justice
Global justice and transnational politics : essays on the moral and political challenges of globalization
Pedagogies of difference : rethinking education for social change
What is justice? : classic and contemporary readings
The future of gender
"Cosmopolitan theory suggests that we should shift our moral attention from the local to the global. Richard Vernon argues, however, that if we adopt cosmopolitan beliefs about justice we must re-examine our beliefs about political obligation. Far from undermining the demands of citizenship, cosmopolitanism implies more demanding political obligations than theories of the state have traditionally recognized. Using examples including humanitarian intervention, international criminal law, and international political economy, Vernon suggests we have a responsibility not to enhance risks facing other societies and to assist them when their own risk-taking has failed. The central arguments in Cosmopolitan Regard are that what we owe to other societies rests on the same basis as what we owe to our own, and that a theory of cosmopolitanism must connect the responsibilities of citizens beyond their own borders with their obligations to one another"--Provided by publisher.
Philosophy and real politics
Egalitarianism : new essays on the nature and value of equality
Justice, desert and rights
Justice
Habermas, Lyotard and the concept of justice
Political liberalism
Amartya Sen's capability approach and social justice in education
Until recently, struggles for justice proceeded against the background of a taken-for-granted frame: the bounded territorial state. With that 'Westphalian' picture of political space assumed by default, the scope of justice was rarely subject to explicit dispute. Today, the scope of justice is hotly contested, as human-rights activists and international feminists join critics of structural adjustment and the WTO in targeting injustices that cut across borders. Seeking to re-map the bounds of justice on a broader scale, these movements are challenging the view that justice can only be a domestic relation among fellow citizens. As their claims collide with those of nationalists and Westphalian democrats, we witness new forms of 'meta-political' contestation in which the scale of justice is an object of explicit dispute.Under these conditions, there is no avoiding an issue that had once seemed to go without saying: What is the proper frame for theorizing justice? Faced with a plurality of competing scales, how do we know which scale of justice is truly just? "Scales of Justice" tackles this issue. Interrogating struggles over globalization, Nancy Fraser reconstructs the theory of justice for a post-Westphalian world. Revising her widely discussed theory of redistribution and recognition, she introduces representation as a third, 'political', dimension of justice, which permits us to re-conceive scale and scope as questions of justice. Seeking to re-imagine political space for a globalizing world, she revisits the concepts of democracy, solidarity, and the public sphere; the projects of critical theory, the World Social Forum, and second-wave feminism; and the thought of Habermas, Rawls, Foucault, and Arendt.
Epistemic injustice : power and the ethics of knowing
Justice and stability
Sovereign virtue : the theory and practice of equality
John Rawls : an introduction
Migration in political theory : the ethics of movement and membership
Political liberalism : [with a new introduction and the "Reply to Habermas"]
The ethics of liberty
Inequality reexamined
Refuting the argument to choose between "the politics of recognition" and the "politics of redistribution," Justice Interruptus integrates the best aspects of both. What does it mean to think critically about politics at a time when inequality is increasing worldwide, when struggles for the recognition of difference are eclipsing struggles for social equality, and when we lack any credible vision of an alternative to the present order? Philosopher Nancy Fraser claims that the key is to overcome the false oppositions of "postsocialist" commonsense. Refuting the view that we must choose between "the politics of recognition" and the "politics of redistribution," Fraser argues for an integrative approach that encompasses the best aspects of both.
Just democracy : the Rawls-Machiavelli programme
Political theory of global justice : a cosmopolitan case for the world state
The politics of Jean-François Lyotard : justice and political theory
A political theory of dissent : dissent at the core of radical democracy
The normative grounds of social criticism : Kant, Rawls, and Habermas
The poetics of political thinking
Recht, Gerechtigkeit und der Staat : Studien zu Gerechtigkeit, Demokratie, Nationalität, nationalen Staaten und supranationalen Staaten aus der Perspektive der Rechtstheorie, der Sozialphilosophie und der Sozialwissenschaften = Law, justice, and the state : studies in justice, democracy, nationality, national states, and supra-national states from the standpoints of legal theory, social philosophy, and social science
Game theory and the social contract. 1, Playing fair
Democracies always in the making : historical and current philosophical issues for education
The pastoral circle revisited : a critical quest for truth and transformation
The Cambridge companion to Rawls
Critical psychology : an introduction
International relations theory : new normative approaches
Democracy beyond borders : justice and representation in global institutions
The rise and fall of economic justice and other papers
Theories of distributive justice
Rawls : a theory of justice and its critics
The law of peoples : with, The idea of public reason revisited
Contemporary political philosophy : an introduction
Justice as fairness : a restatement
Essays on the foundations of Aristotelian political science
Interpersonal comparisons of well-being
A theory of justice
The science of a legislator : the natural jurisprudence of David Hume and Adam Smith
(Mis)recognition, social inequality and social justice : Nancy Fraser and Pierre Bourdieu
Theories of justice
Politics and passion : toward a more egalitarian liberalism
Reading Rawls : critical studies on Rawls' A theory of justice
Public reason
Abstract.
The state of democratic theory
Justice interruptus : critical reflections on the "postsocialist" condition
Justification and application : remarks on discourse ethics
Cosmopolitan regard : political membership and global justice
"In this work of political philosophy, acclaimed philosopher G. A. Cohen sets out to rescue the egalitarian thesis that, in a society in which distributive justice prevails, people's material prospects are roughly equal. Arguing against the Rawlsian version of a just society, Cohen demonstrates that distributive justice does not tolerate the "deep inequality" that Rawls is prepared to countenance." "In the course of providing a sophisticated and far-reaching critique of Rawls's theory of justice, Cohen argues that questions of distributive justice arise not only for the state but also for people in their daily lives. The right rules for the macro scale of public institutions and policies also apply, with suitable adjustments, to the micro level of individual decision-making."--BOOK JACKET.
Equality and partiality
Measuring justice : primary goods and capabilities
Liberalism and pluralism : towards a politics of compromise
Economic theory and social justice
The idea of justice
Enquiries : concerning human understanding and concerning the principles of morals
Plato's craft of justice
Frontiers of justice : disability, nationality, species membership
The Routledge handbook of global ethics
Giving desert its due : social justice and legal theory
Social work : a critical approach to practice
A short history of distributive justice
Liberals and communitarians
The rise and fall of economic justice and other essays
Modern political philosophy : theories of the just society
