http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27294 data break-in
data break-in
Using simulated social engineering attacks as a method to reduce the risk of human hacking
What followed was the most spectacular intelligence breach ever, brought about by one extraordinary man. Edward Snowden was a 29-year-old computer genius working for the National Security Agency when he shocked the world by exposing the near-universal mass surveillance programs of the United States government. His whistleblowing has shaken the leaders of nations worldwide, and generated a passionate public debate on the dangers of global monitoring and the threat to individual privacy. In a tour de force of investigative journalism that reads like a spy novel, award-winning Guardian reporter Luke Harding tells Snowden’s astonishing story—from the day he left his glamorous girlfriend in Honolulu carrying a hard drive full of secrets, to the weeks of his secret-spilling in Hong Kong, to his battle for asylum and his exile in Moscow. For the first time, Harding brings together the many sources and strands of the story—touching on everything from concerns about domestic spying to the complicity of the tech sector—while also placing us in the room with Edward Snowden himself. The result is a gripping insider narrative—and a necessary and timely account of what is at stake for all of us in the new digital age.
"Cyber Threat! is an in-depth examination of the very real risks facing all facets of government and industry, and the various factors that must align to maintain information integrity. The book describes how businesses and government agencies must protect their most valuable assets to avoid potentially catastrophic consequences"--
security testing methodologies is the very thing for testing small and medium enterprises production environment. The objective of the new framework is to be comprehensive enough but at the same time easily deployable and effective.
A penetration testing framework for small and medium sized enterprises
Cyber threat! : how to manage the growing risk of cyber attacks
Anomaly-based network intrusion detection systems : problems and challanges
Abstract.
Consequences are far-reaching, and can have enormous effects on national economies and international relations. Aggressive cyber forces in China, Russia, Eastern Europe and elsewhere, the rise of global organized criminal networks, and inattention to vulnerabilities throughout critical infrastructures converge to represent an abundantly clear threat. Managing the threat and keeping information safe is now a top priority for global businesses and government agencies. Cyber Threat! breaks the issue down into real terms, and proposes an approach to effective defense. Topics include: The information at risk The true extent of the threat The potential consequences across sectors The multifaceted approach to defense The growing cyber threat is fundamentally changing the nation's economic, diplomatic, military, and intelligence operations, and will extend into future technological, scientific, and geopolitical influence."
Biomechanical assessment of hip fracture : development of finite element models to predict fractures
Practical internet of things security : a practical, indispensable security guide that will navigate you through the complex realm of security building and deploying systems in our IoT-connected world
The definitive guide to incident response--updated for the first time in a decade! Thoroughly revised to cover the latest and most effective tools and techniques, Incident Response & Computer Forensics, Third Edition arms you with the information you need to get your organization out of trouble when data breaches occur. This practical resource covers the entire lifecycle of incident response, including preparation, data collection, data analysis, and remediation. Real-world case studies reveal the methods behind--and remediation strategies for--today's most insidious attacks. Architect an infrastructure that allows for methodical investigation and remediation Develop leads, identify indicators of compromise, and determine incident scope Collect and preserve live data Perform forensic duplication Analyze data from networks, enterprise services, and applications Investigate Windows and Mac OS X systems Perform malware triage Write detailed incident response reports Create and implement comprehensive remediation plans.
Disconnect
Biomechanical assessment of hip fracture:development of finite element models to predict fractures
The Snowden files : the inside story of the world's most wanted man
"The only effective solution will be expansive and complex, encompassing every facet of government and industry. Cyber Threat! details the situation at hand, and provides the information that can help keep the nation safe"--
Black code : surveillance, privacy, and the dark side of the Internet
Biomechanical modeling of proximal femur : development of finite element models to simulate fractures
Social engineering : the art of human hacking
Invasive aquatic species of Europe : distribution, impacts and management
"Conquering cyber attacks requires a multi-sector, multi-modal approachCyber Threat! How to Manage the Growing Risk of Cyber Attacks is an in-depth examination of the very real cyber security risks facing all facets of government and industry, and the various factors that must align to maintain information integrity. Written by one of the nation's most highly respected cyber risk analysts, the book describes how businesses and government agencies must protect their most valuable assets to avoid potentially catastrophic consequences. Much more than just cyber security, the necessary solutions require government and industry to work cooperatively and intelligently. This resource reveals the extent of the problem, and provides a plan to change course and better manage and protect critical information.Recent news surrounding cyber hacking operations show how intellectual property theft is now a matter of national security, as well as economic and commercial security.
The use of usable security and security education to fight phishing attacks
Biomechanical modeling of proximal femur:development of finite element models to simulate fractures
