http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27283 chick lit
chick lit
Revenge wears Prada : the devil returns
It's got to be perfect
Avery Bardot steps off the plane in Rome, looking for a fresh start. She's left behind a soon-to-be ex-husband in Boston and plans to spend the summer with her best friend Daisy, licking her wounds and perhaps a gelato or two. When her American-expat friend throws her a welcome party on her first night, Avery's thrown for a loop when she sees Italian architect Marcello Bianchi - the man who got away. And now her past is colliding with her present, a present where she should be mourning the loss of her marriage and - hey, that fettuccine is delicious! And so is Marcello.
Charlie Silver is working to reach the top of the tennis tour. Originally trained by her father following her mother's death she is renowned for her friendly attitude in a world of glamour, bitchy divas and egos. Then she crashes, injured, out of her first Wimbledon and everything changes. The only way back is to be trained by the ruthless Todd, who transforms her into a warrior princess with attitude. His new Charlie goes to the top restaurants, has dinner with film stars, and is invited on to private yachts. As the year unfolds, complete with sexy fling with a fellow star, the warrior princess just keeps on winning. Her father and her oldest friend seem to be drifting out of reach. Is she going to start believing her own hype? Or is the real Charlie still inside?
A proper family Christmas
What a girl wants
Dream a little dream
An Englishwoman in New York
One hundred names
The singles game
The A-list family
It's not me, it's you
Rachel's holiday
How to get a (love) life
Bridget Jones : : mad about the boy : ENGLANNINKIELINEN
I've Got Your Number
About a girl
The little flower shop by the sea
Chasing Harry Winston
Shopaholic and sister
One night in Italy
A night in with Audrey Hepburn
Sushi for beginners
Roman crazy : a novel
Searching for Grace Kelly
In office hours
The Jane Austen marriage manual
Take a chance on me
A third installment of a new series that began with Size 12 Is Not Fat and Size 14 Is Not Fat Either finds pop-star-turned amateur sleuth Heather Wells engaging in a secret relationship with attractive student Tad before her new boss is found dead at the height of a student strike.Life is reasonably rosy for plus-size ex-pop star turned Assistant Dormitory Director and sometime sleuth Heather Wells. Her freeloading ex-con dad is finally moving out. She still yearns for her hot landlord, Cooper Cartwright, but her relationship with "rebound beau," vigorous vegan math professor Tad Tocco, is more than satisfactory. Best of all, nobody has died lately in "Death Dorm," the aptly nicknamed student residence that Heather assistant-directs. Of course every silver lining ultimately has some black cloud attached. And when the latest murdered corpse to clutter up her jurisdiction turns out to be her exceedingly unlovable boss, Heather finds herself on the shortlist of prime suspects—along with the rabble-rousing boyfriend of her high-strung student assistant and an indecently handsome young campus minister who's been accused of taking liberties with certain girls' choir members. With fame beckoning her back into show business (as the star of a new kids' show!) it's a really bad time to get wrapped up in another homicide. Plus Tad's been working himself up to ask her a Big Question, which Heather's not sure she has an answer for . . .
One Fifth Avenue
Two weddings and a baby
My not so perfect life
A baby at the beach cafe
The girl in the yellow vest
The good, the bad and the dumped
Nicola Brown doesn't like to lose control. Her flat is always meticulously tidy and her weekly meals carefully planned; Nicola keeps her life in order. When her carefree colleague Caroline challenges Nicola to find a date for Valentine's Day, it's a surprise to them both when Nicola agrees. As Nicola's search for a man begins, she is thrown in at the deep end - sometimes quite literally - of the dating scene. From men more likely to sell their mother than open their wallet, to those who are determined to find a girlfriend who shares their passion for extreme sports, Nicola has to run the full gamut of dodgy dates. But as the deadline looms closer, Nicola realises it isn't so bad to lose control. It turns out that trying to get a love life can be rather a lot of fun...
Bridget Jones : mad about the boy
Bridget Jones finds herself unexpectedly pregnant at the eleventh hour. However, her joyful pregnancy is dominated by one crucial but awkward question --who is the father? Could it be honorable, decent, notable human rights lawyer, Mark Darcy? Or, is it charming, witty, and totally despicable, Daniel Cleaver?
Sex, lies and fairytales
Diamonds are a girl's best friend
The stylist
Catching the tide
Resistance is futile
Shopaholic to the rescue
Bridget Jones's Diary : a novel
After you
Femininities in Marian Keyes's This Charming Man : a discourse analytical approach
Mini shopaholic
Too many cooks
I've got your number
Shopaholic & baby
Wild and free
Shopaholic Abroad
Cosmopolitan culture and consumerism in chick lit
Chick lit : the new woman's fiction
Bridget Jones's diary : a novel
Katie Brenner has the perfect life: a flat in London, a glamorous job, and a super-cool Instagram feed. OK, so the truth is that she rents a tiny room with no space for a wardrobe, has a hideous commute to a lowly admin job, and the life she shares on Instagram isn't really hers. But one day her dreams are bound to come true, aren't they? Until her not-so-perfect life comes crashing down when her mega-successful boss Demeter gives her the sack. All Katie's hopes are shattered. She has to move home to Somerset, where she helps her dad with his new glamping business. Then Demeter and her family book in for a holiday, and Katie sees her chance. But should she get revenge on the woman who ruined her dreams - or try to get her job back? Does Demeter - the woman who has everything - actually have such an idyllic life herself? Maybe they have more in common than it seems. And what's wrong with not-so-perfect, anyway?
The woman who fell in love for a week
Life swap
Straight talking
Shopaholic to the stars
Sugar and spice
Killing Monica
What would Ginger Rogers do?
Nothing but trouble
From Notting Hill with four weddings... actually
Big boned : a Heather Wells mystery
It started with Paris
Asian American women's popular literature : feminizing genres and neoliberal belonging
The undomestic goddess
Bridget Jones's baby : the diaries
The Bridget Jones Omnibus: The Singleton Years
The unfinished symphony of you and me
Can you keep a secret?
One summer in Venice
Girls on tour
Isla's got the designer clothes and dream job as head stylist at the most exclusive salon in Edinburgh. The fact that she's been so single-minded in this quest that she's forgotten to have a life, a relationship, or any proper friendships, has passed her by. When it all goes horribly wrong, there's nobody willing to support her in her hour of need. Finn is thirty-five and reality has just hit him hard. Now his best friends are about to have a baby and everything is changing. When into his life walks Isla.
The make-up girl
Wildflower Bay
Love is..
China dolls
Chick lit and postfeminism
Boyfriend by Christmas
I ́ve got your number
Women's fiction : a guide to popular reading interests
Step back in time
