http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27238 genetic polymorphism
genetic polymorphism
What is biodiversity?
The role of agroecosystems for invasion of a generalist herbivore
Conservation genetics of endemic Indirana frogs of the Western Ghats biodiversity hotspot
Spatial and temporal variation is a universal feature in most organisms in nature, commonly reflecting the past evolutionary history of the species as well as the prevailing environmental conditions. The purpose of this doctoral thesis study was to investigate the genetic and phenotypic variation, and to assess the roles of the different processes affecting them in the moose (Alces alces). Altogether 809 DNA samples of moose, gathered throughout Finland and the Republic of Karelia in Russia, were analysed with a variety of population genetic methods. Furthermore, the shape of the moose mandible was investigated with the help of geometric morphometrics using a subset of samples gathered from 179 moose in Finland. This study showed that the Finnish and especially the Karelian moose population harboured relatively high genetic diversity, albeit with clear regional differences in its spatial distribution. In the northern half of Finland, a secondary contact of two diverged mitochondrial lineages was revealed. The presence of the two lineages was interpreted to reflect the existence of allopatric refugia of moose during the Last Glacial Maximum and the subsequent bi-directional recolonisation of Fennoscandia. Furthermore, a spatially explicit Bayesian clustering analysis suggested existence of three genetic clusters, which were estimated to have split after the post-glacial recolonisation. The results also showed that past declines in the moose numbers during the 18th and 19th centuries led to population bottlenecks, leaving a genetic imprint. Thus, the present moose population in eastern Fennoscandia carries the signs of both ancient and more recent events in its genetic composition. Finally, a significant latitudinal shift was revealed in the shape of the moose mandible. The pattern was considered independent of the genetic clustering of the population. The main changes included an enlargement of the attachment surfaces of the muscles controlling biting and mastication, implying more effective mastication in the north compared with the south, possibly an adaptive response to a longer period of hard wintertime diet. The results of this thesis encourage continuation of studies on the moose in order to fully reveal the impact of particular historical events and especially anthropogenic factors on the genetic and phenotypic variation of this species. They also provide the starting point for ‘genetically enlightened’ moose management and conservation in Finland.
Conservation genetics of exploited Finnish salmonid fishes
Genetic diversity of a clonal earthworm : gene expression variation and impacts on decomposition in metal contaminated soil
Genetic diversity and evolution of Eurasian Pinus species
A taxonomic revision of the Taeniidae Ludwig, 1886 : based on molecular phylogenies
The life cycle and genetic structure of the red alga Furcellaria lumbricalis on a salinity gradient
Selection and genetic diversity in the major histocompatibility complex genes of wolves and dogs
Evolution's rainbow : diversity, gender, and sexuality in nature and people : with a new preface
Genetic diversity and its extended effects : fragmented pedunculate oak (Quercus robur) populations in south-western Finland
Genetic improvement of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) using local germplasm assisted by molecular markers
Genetic diversity and adaptation of date palm (Phoenix dactylifera L.)
Ecological principles of nature conservation : applications in temperate and boreal environments
Variance component estimation exploiting Monte Carlo methods and linearization with complex models and large data in animal breeding
Biodiversity and genetic patterns in marine invertebrates
The ethics of animal re-creation and modification : reviving, rewilding, restoring
A taxonomic revision of the Taeniidae Ludwig, 1886 based on molecular phylogenies
Abstract.
Interactions and patterns between species diversity and genetic diversity
The effects of long-term habitat fragmentations on genetic and population differentiation of Betula pendula Roth were investigated using chloroplast DNA (cpDNA) variations. Leaf samples were collected from four small remnant populations across the north of Iran. Three pairs of universal primers were used to amplify cpDNA, large single copy regions of trnC-trnD, trnK1-trnK2 and trnD-trnT. A total of 18 of the cpDNA haplotypes in the four populations were identified, however, no clear phylogeographic structuring of haplotypes could be detected. The total genetic diversity (HT) for all populations was high (0.932). Average intra-population genetic diversity was estimated as HS = 0.729 and average differentiation of populations GST = 0.218. Mantel tests of isolation by distance revealed a significant relationship between Wright's inbreeding coefficient (Fst) and geographical distances for the four populations in Iran (r = 0.77, p < 0.05). The results of the hierarchical analysis of molecular variance (AMOVA) indicated that a 66% variation was partitioned within populations, whilst the variance amongst the four populations was only 34%. We suggest that significant genetic differentiation amongst populations can likely be attributed to reduced gene flow as a result of habitat fragmentation..
Genetic structure of Finnish and Russian sea trout populations in the Gulf of Finland area
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose <i>(Alces alces)</i>
Homogenous genetic structure in populations of Taxus baccata with varied proportions of male and female individuals
Populations at species' range margins are expected to show lower genetic diversity than populations at the core of the range. Yet, long-lived, widespread tree species are expected to be resistant to genetic impoverishment, thus showing comparatively high genetic diversity within populations and low differentiation among populations. Here, we study the distribution of genetic variation in the pedunculate oak (Quercus robur L.) at its range margin in Finland at two hierarchical scales using 15 microsatellite loci. At a regional scale, we compared variation within versus among three oak populations. At a landscape scale, we examined genetic structuring within one of these populations, growing on an island of ca 5 km2. As expected, we found the majority of genetic variation in Q. robur to occur within populations. Nonetheless, differentiation among populations was markedly high (FST = 0.12) compared with values reported for populations of Q. robur closer to the core of its range. At the landscape level, some spatial and temporal sub-structuring was observed, likely explained by the history of land-use on the island. Overall, Q. robur fulfils the expectation of the central-marginal hypothesis of high differentiation among marginal populations, but the notable population differentiation has most likely been influenced also by the long, ongoing fragmentation of populations. Finnish oak populations may still be adjusting to the drastic habitat changes of the past centuries. Preservation of genetic variation within the remaining stands is thus an important factor in the conservation of Q. robur at its range margin..
Selection on two behavioral genes : fitness effects of receptor genes for arginine vasopressin 1a and oxytocin in the bank vole Myodes glareolus
Establishing conservation management for avian threatened species
Population genetic structure and phylogeography of invasive aquatic weed, Elodea canadensis (Hydrocharitaceae) and comparative analyses with E. nuttallii
Phenotypic selection compared to restricted combined index selection for many generations
Fragmentation-related patterns of genetic differentiation in pedunculate oak (Quercus robur) at two hierarchical scales
Evolution of hermaphroditic mating systems in animals
Genetic structure of the brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Northern Europe
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose (Alces alces)
Human genetic variation in the Baltic Sea region : features of population history and natural selection
Genebank standards for plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
Pertussis : infection, vaccination and gene polymorphisms
Genetic structure in Finland and Sweden: aspects of population history and gene mapping
Evolution : a view from the 21st century
Evolutionary conservation genetics
Maintenance of genetic diversity in cyclic populations - a longitudinal analysis in Myodes glareolus
Genetic diversity of geographically isolated Iranian populations of Betula pendula Roth: implications for conservation
Population genetic structure of Melampsora larici-epitea, a willow leaf rust fungus
Genetic diversity in the wild : cyclic population dynamics and population isolation
Optimization of the current breeding scheme for blue fox
Genetic diversity and phenotypic variability of phytoplankton populations in the Baltic Sea
English yew (Taxus baccata L.) is a strictly outcrossing and dioecious species whose populations are small and isolated. It is known that sex ratios may vary in natural populations due to local environmental conditions or stochastic events. However, unbalanced sex ratios may have negative impacts on genetic diversity through enhanced genetic drift and inbreeding. The present study represents one of the first attempts to compare the genetic variation at microsatellite loci within and between populations with different gender proportions. Our results indicated that there were no significant correlations between sex ratio and the extent of genetic variation in different populations. All populations exhibited high levels of genetic diversity. Additionally, the genetic structure was characterized separately in male and female individuals. Statistical analyses of the set estimators describing the genetic structure of male and female individuals of T. baccata revealed no significant differences between the two groups. Molecular analysis verified that microsatellite nuclear loci neutrality developed for T. baccata, as there were no significant differences in the genetic variation between males and females and no evidence for any outlier loci using coalescent and hierarchical Bayesian simulations. The results demonstrate that ignoring biased sex ratios in T. baccata populations had no effect on the assessment of genetic differentiation and genetic diversity within and between populations of this species. These results are discussed with regards to the practical application of molecular markers in conservation programs..
Genetic structure of the brown bears (<em>Ursus arctos</em>) in Northern Europe
Applications of genetics
Genetic diversity of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) and European whitefish (Coregonus lavaretus) in the Baltic Sea
Many forms of the wood tiger moth (Parasemia plantaginis) : selective heterogeneity favours polymorphic warning signals
Molecular effects of missense mutations : bioinformatics analysis of genetic defects
The relationship between genetic diversity of an annelid worm, Pygospio elegans, and local invertebrate species diversity
Conservation genetics of the Saimaa ringed seal : insights into the history of a critically endangered population
Phylogeography and adaptive divergence of three-spined stickleback populations
Circulating fatty acids : associations with diet, genetic variations, low-grade inflammation and type 2 diabetes
