http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27250 data
data
Encyclopedia of data warehousing and mining
Winning with software : an executive strategy
Big Data Fundamentals provides a pragmatic, no-nonsense introduction to Big Data. Best-selling IT author Thomas Erl and his team clearly explain key Big Data concepts, theory and terminology, as well as fundamental technologies and techniques. All coverage is supported with case study examples and numerous simple diagrams.
Information Technology Convergence, Secure and Trust Computing, and Data Management : ITCS 2012 & STA 2012
Big high-dimensional data analysis with diffusion maps
Progress in Cryptology – LATINCRYPT 2010 : First International Conference on Cryptology and Information Security in Latin America, Puebla, Mexico, August 8-11, 2010, proceedings
Distributed database management systems : a practical approach
Computing for engineers
Uncertainty modelling and quality control for spatial data
Abstract.
Marketing strategy for a cellular data product
Petroleum production engineering : a computer-assisted approach
Advances in Cryptology — CRYPTO’ 89 Proceedings
For cloud users and providers alike, security is an everyday concern, yet there are very few books covering cloud security as a main subject. This book will help address this information gap from an Information Technology solution and usage-centric view of cloud infrastructure security. The book highlights the fundamental technology components necessary to build and enable trusted clouds. Here also is an explanation of the security and compliance challenges organizations face as they migrate mission-critical applications to the cloud, and how trusted clouds, that have their integrity rooted in hardware, can address these challenges. This book provides: Use cases and solution reference architectures to enable infrastructure integrity and the creation of trusted pools leveraging Intel Trusted Execution Technology (TXT). Trusted geo-location management in the cloud, enabling workload and data location compliance and boundary control usages in the cloud. OpenStack-based reference architecture of tenant-controlled virtual machine and workload protection in the cloud. A reference design to enable secure hybrid clouds for a cloud bursting use case, providing infrastructure visibility and control to organizations. "A valuable guide to the next generation of cloud security and hardware based root of trust. More than an explanation of the what and how, is the explanation of why. And why you can’t afford to ignore it!" —Vince Lubsey, Vice President, Product Development, Virtustream Inc. " Raghu provides a valuable reference for the new 'inside out' approach, where trust in hardware, software, and privileged users is never assumed—but instead measured, attested, and limited according to least privilege principles." —John Skinner, Vice President, HyTrust Inc. "Traditional parameter based defenses are in sufficient in the cloud. Raghu's book addresses this problem head-on by highlighting unique usage models to enable trusted infrastructure in this open environment. A must read if you are exposed in cloud." —Nikhil Sharma, Sr. Director of Cloud Solutions, Office of CTO, EMC Corporation.
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed proceedings of the 14th International Workshop on Information Security Applications, WISA 2013, held on Jeju Island, Korea, in August 2013. The 15 revised full papers and 2 short papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 39 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections such as cryptography, social network security, mobile security, network security, future applications and privacy.
Core questions on drinking water and sanitation for household surveys
MARC 21 format for holdings data : including guidelines for content designation
Global status report on road safety : time for action
Progress in Cryptology – INDOCRYPT 2013 : 14th International Conference on Cryptology in India, Mumbai, India, December 7-10, 2013. Proceedings
Accounting information systems
Practical text analytics : interpreting text and unstructured data for business intelligence
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Applied Cryptography and Network Security, ACNS 2014, held in Lausanne, Switzerland, in June 2014. The 33 revised full papers included in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 147 submissions. They are organized in topical sections on key exchange; primitive construction; attacks (public-key cryptography); hashing; cryptanalysis and attacks (symmetric cryptography); network security; signatures; system security; and secure computation.
Building foundations for eHealth : progress of member states : report of the WHO Global Observatory for eHealth
Business intelligence guidebook : from data integration to analytics
National forest inventories : assessment of wood availability and use
The techniques of analytic mapping and of geographic information systems (GIS) have become increasingly important tools for analysing census, crime, environmental and consumer data. The authors discuss data access, transformation and preparation issues, and how to select the appropriate analytic graphics techniques.
Automated planning technology now plays a significant role in a variety of demanding applications, ranging from controlling space vehicles and robots to playing the game of bridge. These real-world applications create new opportunities for synergy between theory and practice: observing what works well in practice leads to better theories of planning, and better theories lead to better performance of practical applications. "Automated Planning" mirrors this dialogue by offering a comprehensive, up-to-date resource on both the theory and practice of automated planning. The book goes well beyond classical planning, to include temporal planning, resource scheduling, planning under uncertainty, and modern techniques for plan generation, such as task decomposition, propositional satisfiability, constraint satisfaction, and model checking. The authors combine over 30 years experience in planning research and development to offer an invaluable text to researchers, professionals, and graduate students. It comprehensively explains paradigms for automated planning. It provides a thorough understanding of theory and planning practice, and how they relate to each other. It presents case studies of applications in space, robotics, CAD/CAM, process control, emergency operations, and games. It provides a thorough understanding of AI planning theory and practice, and how they relate to each other. It covers all the contemporary topics of planning, as well as important practical applications of planning, such as model checking and game playing. It provides lecture notes, examples of programming assignments, pointers to downloadable planning systems and related information online.
Trusted Systems : 5th International Conference, INTRUST 2013, Graz, Austria, December 4-5, 2013, Proceedings
Thinking with data
Computers and telecommunications : economic, technical and organisational issues
DataClean 2002 - Abstracts : A conference for dealing with erroneous and missing data, 29th-31st May 2002, Jyväskylä, Finland
Big data analytics : from strategic planning to enterprise integration with tools, techniques, NoSQL, and graph
'Computer-Assisted Text Analysis' provides an up-to-date guide to the methods for the computer-based quantitative analysis of texts. It concentrates on the methodological and practical issues of coding and handling data.
Cross System Data flow in b2b System Integration: A case study: customer to Nokia Siemens Networks Purchase Order Data Flow
The definitive guide to the state of the art of multimedia information extractionGovernment analysts, think tank researchers, managers at top websites-basically everyone-is searching for the best ways to access and exploit the vast amounts of multimedia data made available over large networks every day. Written by an international team of experts, Multimedia Information Extraction provides a detailed road map to how that's done.The first book to address not only multimedia retrieval but also information extraction from and across media, it offers diverse perspectives on how this emerging technology can help meet the growing demand in industry and government for stock media access, media preservation, broadcast news retrieval, identity management, video surveillance, and more.Including a Foreword by Professor Alan Smeaton, founding coordinator of the international TRECVid, Multimedia Information Extraction covers:. The fundamental issues in processing and multimedia source extraction. The history and state of the art of multimedia information extraction. Image and video extraction, with tools ranging from visual feature localization to social redundancy. Affect extraction in audio and imagery, from paralinguistic information retrieval to affect-based indexing. Multimedia annotation and authoringAn inspiring, much-needed resource for researchers and developers in government, industry, and academia, this book also offers guidance on using the material in the core curriculum of ACM SIGCHI, ACM/IEEE Computer Science, and ACM/IEEE Information Technology.
Data Refinement : Model-Oriented Proof Methods and their Comparison
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the Third International Workshop on Mining Complex Data, MCD 2007, held in Warsaw, Poland, in September 2007, co-located with ECML and PKDD 2007. The 20 revised full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected; they present original results on knowledge discovery from complex data. In contrast to the typical tabular data, complex data can consist of heterogenous data types, can come from different sources, or live in high dimensional spaces. All these specificities call for new data mining strategies.
Numerical mathematics and computing
White-light optical signal processing
Multimedia products have experienced tremendous market success. Yet too often they are given inadequate protection under existing national and international copyright schemes. Irini Stamatoudi provides a comprehensive, comparative treatment of multimedia works and copyright protection in this clear and concise volume. A detailed introduction outlines the nature of the multimedia work, as well as the scope of existing legislation;  separate chapters consider collections and compilations, databases, audiovisual works and computer programs (video games are here treated as a 'test case'). Stamatoudi then analyses issues of qualification, regime of protection, and offers a model for a European legislative solution. Copyright and Multimedia Products will interest academics and students, as well as practitioners and copyright policy makers.
This book constitutes revised selected papers from the First International Conference on Cryptography and Information Security in the Balkans, Balkan Crypt Sec 2014, held in Istanbul, Turkey, in October 2014. The 15 papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 36 submissions. They were organized in topical sections named: symmetric cryptography, cryptographic hardware, cryptographic protocols and public key cryptography. The book also contains one invited talk in full paper length.
Digital tools for qualitative research
Super charge your data warehouse : invaluable data modeling rules to implement your data vault
"Research using genetic data raises various concerns relating to privacy protection. Many of these concerns can also apply to research that uses other personal data, but not with the same implications for failure. The norms of exclusivity associated with a private life go beyond the current legal concept of personal data to include genetic data that relates to multiple identifiable individuals simultaneously and anonymous data that could be associated with any number of individuals in different, but reasonably foreseeable, contexts. It is the possibilities and implications of association that are significant, and these possibilities can only be assessed if one considers the interpretive potential of data. They are missed if one fixates upon its interpretive pedigree or misunderstands the meaning and significance of identification. This book demonstrates how the public interest in research using genetic data might be reconciled with the public interest in proper privacy protection"--
The Logic of Typed Feature Structures : With Applications to Unification Grammars, Logic Programs and Constraint Resolution
The state of Business Intelligence : in Finnish enterprises
High-dimensional Big Data processing with dictionary learning and diffusion maps
Revolutions in differential equations : exploring ODEs with modern technology
Uncharted : big data as a lens on human culture
The Internet of us : knowing more and understanding less in the age of big data
The aim of the research is to identify what result brings the balancing between the protection of personal data and the protection of intellectual property rights undertaken by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) in its recent jurisprudence. The research should explain three main questions: first, why the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses belong to the personal data. Second, if it would be legitimate to place the liability for identifying and blocking the IPR infringements on the internet service providers only Third, what is the rationale for the position of the CJEU not to accept such claims of IPR holders. The author searches to find out whether the CJEU jurisprudence indicates that there is a certain hierarchy between data protection and IPR protection..
Seismic data analysis : processing, inversion, and interpretation of seismic data. Vol. 1-2
Hacking a Fibre Channel network
Developing a master data governance model for finance
Applied Cryptography and Network Security : 12th International Conference, ACNS 2014, Lausanne, Switzerland, June 10-13, 2014. Proceedings
Cloud computing is not a particular information technology but a concept/channel of communications, sometimes compared to network services such as providing gas or electricity. Cloud computing, giving an opportunity to use IT infrastructure and tools as a service, not a product, has become one of the most influential tendency in a development of modern IT, being a popular method of outsourcing of IT services for companies and individuals. A paper identifies key regulatory problems presently faced by cloud computing. Then a paper delivers a general overview of existing EU legal provisions that can be applied to cloud computing. The application of current regulations to solving problems resulting from cloud computing is rather limited what was confirmed by an opinion on data protection in cloud computing announced in July 2012 by so called Article 29 Working Party. The further part of a paper brings the analysis of the Commission's initiatives concerning cloud computing. Commission's strategy on cloud computing seeks solutions of many issues related to cloud computing in future (currently under preparation) EU regulations such as so-called General Data Protection Regulation and others. The paper concludes that the EU's regulatory policy on cloud computing should be based on 'soft framework' (unbinding soft law and policy measures) rather than binding regulation..
Financial information analysis : the role of accounting information in modern society
Providing students and researchers with a guide to systematic analysis, with an emphasis on using software, this is a hands-on introduction to the central steps involved with qualitative analysis.
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Cryptology in India, INDOCRYPT 2013, held in Mumbai, India, in December 2013. The 15 revised full papers presented together with 6 short papers the abstracts of 3 invited talks were carefully reviewed and selected from 76 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on provable security; hash functions and signatures; side channel attacks; symmetric key cryptanalysis; key exchange and secret sharing; efficient implementation and hardware; and coding theory in cryptography.
The enterprise data model : a framework for enterprise data architecture
Advances in Cryptology — EUROCRYPT ’88 : Workshop on the Theory and Application of Cryptographic Techniques Davos, Switzerland, May 25–27, 1988 Proceedings
ICL Data profitable daughter
Advances in Cryptology — EUROCRYPT'94 : Workshop on the Theory and Application of Cryptographic Techniques Perugia, Italy, May 9–12, 1994 Proceedings
This is a comprehensive core text providing students with a hands-on, exercise-heavy method for learning basic to intermediate SAS commands while understanding how to apply statistics and reasoning to real-world problems.
SAGE internet research methods
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Presentation of clinical data
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Data analytics : models and algorithms for intelligent data analysis
This book describes the use of qualified types to provide a general framework for the combination of polymorphism and overloading. For example, qualified types can be viewed as a generalization of type classes in the functional language Haskell and the theorem prover Isabelle. These in turn are extensions of equality types in Standard ML. Other applications of qualified types include extensible records and subtyping. Using a general formulation of qualified types, the author extends the Damas/Milner type inference algorithm to support qualified types, which in turn specifies the set of all possible types for any term. In addition, he describes a new technique for establishing suitable coherence conditions that guarantee the same semantics for all possible translations of a given term. Practical issues that arise in concrete implementations are also discussed, concentrating in particular on the implementation of overloading in Haskell and Gofer, a small functional programming system developed by the author.
Computing for scientists : principles of programming with Fortran 90 and C++
Advances in Cryptology — CRYPTO ’91 : Proceedings
The challenge of big data : searching for the balance between IP rights and personal data protection
Research methods for business students
Now updatedt́he systematic introductory guide to modern analysis of large data setsAs data sets continue to grow in size and complexity, there has been an inevitable move towards indirect, automatic, and intelligent data analysis in which the analyst works via more complex and sophisticated software tools. This book reviews state-of-the-art methodologies and techniques for analyzing enormous quantities of raw data in high-dimensional data spaces to extract new information for decision-making.This Second Edition of Data Mining: Concepts, Models, Methods, and Algorithms discusses data mining principles and then describes representative state-of-the-art methods and algorithms originating from different disciplines such as statistics, machine learning, neural networks, fuzzy logic, and evolutionary computation. Detailed algorithms are provided with necessary explanations and illustrative examples, and questions and exercises for practice at the end of each chapter. This new edition features the following new techniques/methodologies:. Support Vector Machines (SVM)d́eveloped based on statistical learning theory, they have a large potential for applications in predictive data mining. Kohonen Maps (Self-Organizing Maps - SOM)óne of very applicative neural-networks-based methodologies for descriptive data mining and multi-dimensional data visualizations. DBSCAN, BIRCH, and distributed DBSCAN clustering algorithmsŕepresentatives of an important class of density-based clustering methodologies. Bayesian Networks (BN) methodology often used for causality modeling. Algorithms for measuring Betweeness and Centrality parameters in graphs, important for applications in mining large social networks. CART algorithm and Gini index in building decision trees. Bagging & Boosting approaches to ensemble-learning methodologies, with details of AdaBoost algorithm. Relief algorithm, one of the core feature selection algorithms inspired by instance-based learning. PageRank algorithm for mining and authority ranking of web pages. Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA) for text mining and measuring semantic similarities between text-based documents. New sections on temporal, spatial, web, text, parallel, and distributed data mining. More emphasis on business, privacy, security, and legal aspects of data mining technologyThis text offers guidance on how and when to use a particular software tool (with the companion data sets) from among the hundreds offered when faced with a data set to mine. This allows analysts to create and perform their own data mining experiments using their knowledge of the methodologies and techniques provided. The book emphasizes the selection of appropriate methodologies and data analysis software, as well as parameter tuning. These critically important, qualitative decisions can only be made with the deeper understanding of parameter meaning and its role in the technique that is offered here.This volume is primarily intended as a data-mining textbook for computer science, computer engineering, and computer information systems majors at the graduate level. Senior students at the undergraduate level and with the appropriate background can also successfully comprehend all topics presented here.
Competing with high quality data : concepts, tools, and techniques for building a successful approach to data quality
Information Security Applications : 14th International Workshop, WISA 2013, Jeju Island, Korea, August 19-21, 2013, Revised Selected Papers
This book develops the theory of typed feature structures, a data structure that generalizes both first-order terms and feature structures of unification-based grammars to include inheritance, typing, inequality, cycles and intensionality. The resulting synthesis serves as a logical foundation for grammars, logic programming and constraint-based reasoning systems. A logical perspective is adopted which employs an attribute-value description language along with complete equational axiomatizations of the various systems of feature structures. At the same time, efficiency concerns are kept in mind and complexity and representability results are provided. The application of feature structures to phrase structure grammars is described and completeness results are shown for standard evaluation strategies. Definite clause logic programs are treated as a special case of phrase structure grammars. Constraint systems are introduced and an enumeration technique is developed for solving arbitrary attribute-value logic constraints. This book, with its innovative approach to data structure, will be essential reading for researchers in computational linguistics, logic programming and knowledge representation. Its self-contained presentation makes it flexible enough to serve as both a research tool and a text book.
The electronic library : bibliographic data bases, 1978-79
Webster's new world dictionary of computer terms
Thesaurus for information processing in sociology : Thesaurus pour le traitement de l'information en sociologie
Executive summary.
A study of the data flow through an engineering-to-order department
A system for automatic inflectional analysis : implemented for Russian
Python data analysis : learn how to apply powerful data analysis techniques with popular open source Python modules
Advances in Cryptology — CRYPTO ’87 : Proceedings
Handbook of statistics [24]. 24, Data mining and data visualization
Real-world data mining : applied business analytics and decision making
Advances in Information and Computer Security : 9th International Workshop on Security, IWSEC 2014, Hirosaki, Japan, August 27-29, 2014. Proceedings
Chess skill in man and machine
The authors invited more than 100 journalists worldwide to use photographs, charts and essays to explore the world of big data and its growing influence on our lives and society.
The use of digital analytics for measuring and optimizing digital marketing performance
" "One of the most exciting developments from the world of ideas in decades, presented with panache by two frighteningly brilliant, endearingly unpretentious, and endlessly creative young scientists." - Steven Pinker, author of The Better Angels of Our Nature Our society has gone from writing snippets of information by hand to generating a vast flood of 1s and 0s that record almost every aspect of our lives: who we know, what we do, where we go, what we buy, and who we love. This year, the world will generate 5 zettabytes of data. (That's a five with twenty-one zeros after it.) Big data is revolutionizing the sciences, transforming the humanities, and renegotiating the boundary between industry and the ivory tower. What is emerging is a new way of understanding our world, our past, and possibly, our future.In Uncharted, Erez Aiden and Jean-Baptiste Michel tell the story of how they tapped into this sea of information to create a new kind of telescope: a tool that, instead of uncovering the motions of distant stars, charts trends in human history across the centuries. By teaming up with Google, they were able to analyze the text of millions of books. The result was a new field of research and a scientific tool, the Google Ngram Viewer, so groundbreaking that its public release made the front page of The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, and The Boston Globe, and so addictive that Mother Jones called it "the greatest timewaster in the history of the internet." Using this scope, Aiden and Michel-and millions of users worldwide-are beginning to see answers to a dizzying array of once intractable questions.How quickly does technology spread? Do we talk less about God today? When did people start "having sex" instead of "making love"? At what age do the most famous people become famous? How fast does grammar change? Which writers had their works most effectively censored by the Nazis? When did the spelling "donut" start replacing the venerable "doughnut"? Can we predict the future of human history? Who is better known-Bill Clinton or the rutabaga? All over the world, new scopes are popping up, using big data to quantify the human experience at the grandest scales possible. Yet dangers lurk in this ocean of 1s and 0s-threats to privacy and the specter of ubiquitous government surveillance. Aiden and Michel take readers on a voyage through these uncharted waters"--
Finding, extracting and exploiting structure in text and hypertext
Microcomputer methods for social scientists
Optical techniques have a huge range of potential applications in signal processing and in the interconnection of digital computing systems. This 1995 book provides a detailed review of the key issues which must be addressed in the design, evaluation and implementation of practical systems for signal processing and optical interconnection. Considerations such as the computer modelling of optical design limitations, the size and noise characteristics of optical modulators, and the relative merits of free-space and guided-wave optical technology in different processing systems, are all discussed in detail. The book will be of great interest to optical researchers and designers, and to anyone wishing to learn about the basic techniques of optical processing.
Handbook on business process management. 1, Introduction, methods and information systems
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the Cryptographer's Track at the RSA Conference 2015, CT-RSA 2015, held in San Francisco, CA, USA, in April 2015. The 26 papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 111 submissions. The focus of the track is on following subjects: timing attacks, design and analysis of block ciphers, attribute and identity based encryption, membership, secure and efficient implementation of AES based Cryptosystems, chosen ciphertext attacks in theory and practice, algorithms for solving hard problems, constructions of hash functions and message authentication codes, secure multiparty computation, authenticated encryption, detecting and tracing malicious activities, implentation attacks on exponentiation algorithms, and homomorphic encryption and its applications.
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-workshop proceedings of the 21st International Workshop on Security Protocols, held in Cambridge, UK, in March 2013. The volume contains 14 revised papers with transcripts of the presentation and workshop discussion and an introduction, i.e. 15 contributions in total. The theme of the workshop was "What's Happening on the Other Channel?".
Data mining methods and applications
New alternatives for k-Means clustering
Unique coverage of traditional database theory and current research for building easier-to-mange distributed database systemsA distributed database management system (DDBMS) is a layer of software, implemented on top of existing database management systems, allowing users transparent access to information dispersed across a network. This book addresses the architectural and platform issues on the design and development of a DDBMS, guiding readers in building their own systems in real-world environments.Distributed Database Management Systems is divided into three units. The first provides a theoretical foundation for understanding the internal processing of the DDBMS available to address these issues. The second unit presents the “state of the practice,” examining the architectural alternatives that practitioners will likely encounter in the real world and the exploring the general requirements for any platform capable of implementing a DDBMS architectural alternative-including those yet to be invented. The final unit focuses on distributed database implementation, examining three platforms suitable for the development of a real DDBMS system-the Java Message Service (JMS), the Java 2 Enterprise Edition (J2EE), and the Microsoft .NET Framework. For each, a “starter kit” is provided (containing a detailed overview and an extensible framework) and discussed in detail.
Privacy in Statistical Databases : UNESCO Chair in Data Privacy, International Conference, PSD 2010, Corfu, Greece, September 22-24, 2010. Proceedings
Text mining and its applications : results of the NEMIS Launch Conference
A transparent city
Finnish wind data management and usage for Gauss modeling with SoundPlan-7.2 software
Qualitative text analysis : a guide to methods, practice and using software
Mining Complex Data : ECML/PKDD 2007 Third International Workshop, MCD 2007, Warsaw, Poland, September 17-21, 2007, Revised Selected Papers
This book constitutes the proceedings of the 19th Nordic Conference on Secure IT Systems, held in Tromsø, Norway, in October 2014. The 15 full papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 42 submissions. They are organized in topical sections named: information management and data privacy; cloud, big data and virtualization security; network security and logging; attacks and defenses; and security in healthcare and biometrics. The volume also contains one full-paper invited talk.
Privacy in Statistical Databases : UNESCO Chair in Data Privacy, International Conference, PSD 2012, Palermo, Italy, September 26-28, 2012. Proceedings
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
A comprehensive introduction to research methods in business for students planning or undertaking a dissertation or extensive research project in business and management. The sixth edition of Research Methods for Business Students brings the theory, philosophy and techniques of research to life and enables students to understand the practical relevance of the research methods. A highly accessible style and logical structure have made this the 'student choice' and run-away market leader. The book is written for students on undergraduate and postgraduate degree programmes in business, or business-related disciplines. The following online resources support the text: *For Students: self-assessment questions, glossary, revision "flashcards", tutorials for SPSS and NVivo, plus Smarter Online Searching Guide.
Compressive sensing is a new signal processing paradigm that aims to encode sparse signals by using far lower sampling rates than those in the traditional Nyquist approach. It helps acquire, store, fuse and process large data sets efficiently and accurately. This method, which links data acquisition, compression, dimensionality reduction and optimization, has attracted significant attention from researchers and engineers in various areas. This comprehensive reference develops a unified view on how to incorporate efficiently the idea of compressive sensing over assorted wireless network scenarios, interweaving concepts from signal processing, optimization, information theory, communications and networking to address the issues in question from an engineering perspective. It enables students, researchers and communications engineers to develop a working knowledge of compressive sensing, including background on the basics of compressive sensing theory, an understanding of its benefits and limitations, and the skills needed to take advantage of compressive sensing in wireless networks.
This book is the proceedings of CRYPTO 86, one in a series of annual conferences devoted to cryptologic research. They have all been held at the University of California at Santa Barbara. The first conference in this series, CRYPTO 81, organized by A. Gersho, did not have a formal proceedings. The proceedings of the following four conferences in this series have been published as: Advances in Cryptology: Proceedings of Crypto 82, D. Chaum, R. L. Rivest, and A. T. Sherman, eds., Plenum, 1983. Advances in Cryptology: Proceedings of Crypto 83, D. Chaum, ed., Plenum, 1984. Advances in Cryptology: Proceedings of CRYPTO 84, G. R. Blakley and D. Chaum, eds., Lecture Notes in Computer Science #196, Springer, 1985. Advances in Cryptology - CRYPTO '85 Proceedings, H. C. Williams, ed., Lecture Notes in Computer Science #218, Springer, 1986. A parallel series of conferences is held annually in Europe. The first of these had its proceedings published as Cryptography: Proceedings, Burg Feuerstein 1982, T. Beth, ed., Lecture Notes in Computer Science #149, Springer, 1983.
Qualified Types : Theory and Practice
Cryptography and Information Security in the Balkans : First International Conference, BalkanCryptSec 2014, Istanbul, Turkey, October 16-17, 2014, Revised Selected Papers
Data warehouse design : modern principles and methodologies
Big data in practice : how 45 successful companies used big data analytics to deliver extraordinary results
Delving into our unparalleled depth in journal backlist this work is a SAGE-only collection that offer systematic comprehensive overviews of the best of Internet research methods published in our specialist methods journals and empirical subject journals.
Maple for the calculus student : a tutorial
This book constitutes the proceedings of the 15th International Workshop on Cryptographic Hardware and Embedded Systems, CHES 2013, held in Santa Barbara, CA, USA, in August 2013. The 27 papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 132 submissions. The papers are organized in the following topical sections: side-channel attacks; physical unclonable function; lightweight cryptography; hardware implementations and fault attacks; efficient and secure implementations; elliptic curve cryptography; masking; side-channel attacks and countermeasures.
Integrating scale in remote sensing and GIS
The human face of big data
Data mining for scientific and engineering applications
Doing qualitative research using your computer : a practical guide
Automated Data Collection with R : a practical guide to web scraping and text mining
Building the Infrastructure for Cloud Security : A Solutions view
Security Protocols XXI : 21st International Workshop, Cambridge, UK, March 19-20, 2013, Revised Selected Papers
Information Security and Cryptology : 8th International Conference, Inscrypt 2012, Beijing, China, November 28-30, 2012, Revised Selected Papers
Analytic mapping and geographic databases
Dataclysm : who we are (when we think no one's looking)
The right to know and the right not to know : genetic privacy and responsibility
As our society grows ever more reliant on computers, so it also becomes more vulnerable to computer crime. Cyber attacks have been plaguing computer users since the 1980s, and computer security experts are predicting that smart telephones and other mobile devices will also become the targets of cyber security threats in the future. Developed from the author's highly successful Springer text, Foundations of Computer Security, this accessible, broad-ranging, and versatile textbook has been fully updated and enhanced with resources for students, instructors, and even those motivated to self-study on this topic. Topics and features: Examines the physical security of computer hardware, networks, and digital data Introduces the different forms of rogue software (or malware), discusses methods for preventing and defending against them, and thoroughly describes a selection of viruses, worms and Trojans in detail Provides numerous exercises and examples throughout the text, in addition to a Glossary of terms used in the book Investigates the important threats to network security, and explores the timely subjects of authentication, spyware, and identity theft Discusses key issues about privacy and trust in the online world, including children's privacy and safety Includes helpful appendices which discuss the definition, meaning, and history of the term "hacker"; introduce the language of "l33t Speak;" and provide a detailed virus timeline Supplies additional resources at the associated website: http://www.DavidSalomon.name/, including an introduction to cryptography, and answers to the exercises Clearly and engagingly written, this concise textbook is an ideal resource for undergraduate classes on computer security, as well as a solid reference for anyone needing to expand their security knowledge. The book is mostly non-mathematical, and is suitable for anyone familiar with the basic concepts of computers and computations. David Salomon is a professor emeritus of Computer Science at California State University, Northridge. He has authored numerous articles and Springer books, including Handbook of Data Compression, A Concise Introduction to Data Compression, Variable-length Codes for Data Compression, Transformations and Projections in Computer Graphics, Curves and Surfaces for Computer Graphics, Coding for Data and Computer Communications, Data Privacy and Security, and A Guide to Data Compression Methods.
The International .4ssociation for Cryptologic Research (1.4CR) organizes tmo - ternational conferences every year, one in Europe and one in the 1-nited States. EUROCRYI’T’88. held in the beautiful environment of the S\~isb mountains in Davos, was the sixth European conference. The number of contributions and of participants at the meeting has increased substantiall!.. which is an indication of the high interest in cryptography and system security in general. The interest has not only increased but has also further moved towards - thentication. signatures and other protocols. This is easy to understand in view of the urgent needs for such protocols, in particular in connection with open - formation systems, and in view of the exciting problems in this area. The equally fascinating classical field of secrecy, 2.e. the theory, design and analysis of stream or block ciphers and of public key cryptosystems. was however also well represented and several significant results mere communicated. The present proceedings contain all contributions which were accepted for presentation. The chapters correspond to the sessions at the conference.
This book constitutes the proceedings of the First International Conference on Cryptology and Information Security in Latin America, LATINCRYPT 2010, held in Puebla, Mexico, on August 8-11, 2010. The 19 papers presented together with four invited talks were carefully reviewed and selected from 62 submissions. The topics covered are encryption, elliptic curves, implementation of pairings, implementation of cryptographic algorithms, cryptographic protocols and foundations, cryptanalysis of symmetric primitives, post-quantum cryptography, and side-channel attacks.
Decoding the city : urbanism in the age of big data
New methods of processing personal data vs. professional secrecy of lawyers difficult relation?: data protection perspective
Data warehousing and data mining techniques for cyber security
Cryptographic Hardware and Embedded Systems - CHES 2013 : 15th International Workshop, Santa Barbara, CA, USA, August 20-23, 2013. Proceedings
Derivatives algorithms. Vol. 1, Bones
Zero-knowledge interactive proofsystems are a new technique which can be used as a cryptographic tool for designing provably secure protocols. Goldwasser, Micali, and Rackoff originally suggested this technique for controlling the knowledge released in an interactive proof of membership in a language, and for classification of languages [19]. In this approach, knowledge is defined in terms of complexity to convey knowledge if it gives a computational advantage to the receiver, theory, and a message is said for example by giving him the result of an intractable computation. The formal model of interacting machines is described in [19, 15, 171. A proof-system (for a language L) is an interactive protocol by which one user, the prover, attempts to convince another user, the verifier, that a given input x is in L. We assume that the verifier is a probabilistic machine which is limited to expected polynomial-time computation, while the prover is an unlimited probabilistic machine. (In cryptographic applications the prover has some trapdoor information, or knows the cleartext of a publicly known ciphertext) A correct proof-system must have the following properties: If XE L, the prover will convince the verifier to accept the pmf with very high probability. If XP L no prover, no matter what program it follows, is able to convince the verifier to accept the proof, except with vanishingly small probability.
Implementing clustering for wellness application
Advances in Cryptology — EUROCRYPT’ 87 : Workshop on the Theory and Application of Cryptographic Techniques Amsterdam, The Netherlands, April 13–15, 1987 Proceedings
Multi-domain master data management : advanced MDM and data governance in practice
This book is a comprehensive introduction to the methods and algorithms of modern data analytics. It provides a sound mathematical basis, discusses advantages and drawbacks of different approaches, and enables the reader to design and implement data analytics solutions for real-world applications. This book has been used for more than ten years in the Data Mining course at the Technical University of Munich. Much of the content is based on the results of industrial research and development projects at Siemens. Content • Data Analytics • Data and Relations • Data Preprocessing • Data Visualization • Correlation • Regression • Forecasting • Classification • Clustering Target Groups Students of computer science, mathematics and engineering Data analytics practitioners The Author Thomas A. Runkler is Principal Research Scientist at Siemens Corporate Technology and Professor for Computer Science at the Technical University of Munich.
Semantics and Logics of Computation
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 18th Nordic Conference on Secure IT Systems, NordSec 2013, held in Ilulissat, Greenland, in October 2013. The 18 revised regular papers together with 3 short papers and one invited talk were carefully reviewed and selected from 35 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on formal analysis of security protocols, cyber-physical systems, security policies, information flow, security experiences, Web security, and network security.
This book constitutes the proceedings of the 1994 Workshop on the Theory and Application of Cryptographic Techniques, EUROCRYPT '94, held in Perugia, Italy in May 1994. The 36 revised full papers presented in the book are selected from 137 submissions and address all current research and advanced applicational aspects of cryptography; in addition, there are 11 short papers originating from the best special presentations accepted for the traditional rump session. The papers are organized in sections on secret sharing, hash functions, signatures, cryptosystems, pseudorandom generators, authentication codes, key agreement and key distribution, protocols, cryptanalysis and block ciphers, and number theory and algorithms.
Automated planning : theory and practice
Since its first edition in 2003, the XML Database Symposium series (XSym) has been a forum for academics, practitioners, users and vendors, allowing all to discuss the use of and synergy between database management systems and XML. The previous symposia have provided opportunities for timely discussions on a broad range of topics pertaining to the theory and practice of XML data management and its applications. XSym 2009 continued this XSym tradition with a program consisting of 15 papers and a keynote shared with the 12th International Symposium on Database Programming Languages (DBPL 2009). We received 26 paper submissions, out of which eight papers were accepted as full papers, and seven as short/demo papers. Each submitted paper underwent a rigorous and careful review by four referees for long papers and three for the short ones. The contributions in these proceedings are a fine sample of the very best current - search in XML query processing, including full text, keyword and loosely structured queries, stream querying and joins, and materialized views. Among new theoretical advances we included work on a lambda-calculus model of XML and XPath, on m- ping from the enhanced entity-relationship conceptual model to the W3C XML Schema Language, on transactions, and extensions to XPath. Finally, work on data parallel algorithms, compression, and practical aspects of XQuery, including query forms and the use of Prolog are also part of this volume.
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed conference proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Trusted Systems, INTRUST 2013, held in Graz, Austria, in December 2013. The revised full papers focus on the theory, technologies and applications of trusted systems. They cover all aspects of trusted computing systems, including trusted modules, platforms, networks, services and applications, from their fundamental features and functionalities to design principles, architecture and implementation technologies.
Wouldn't it be great to understand all the data in your organisation? Just imagine being able to define, agree and manage information concepts that impact on business strategy? Then image that these information concepts can be linked to the physical database attributes that ultimately are used to create them. That's what this book is about. It focuses on the data model as the foundation for achieving this understanding. This book provides a framework for the enterprise data model, the business reasons behind it and the differences between conceptual, logical and physical data models. The question of how, and why, to use a data model artifact as part of the data governance toolkit for the whole enterprise is also addressed. This publication is not an in-depth manual on how to model data for a new database system or your next design project. It instead focuses at a level above these implementation projects and addresses the issues that organisations typical struggling with.
The existence of dominant companies such as Microsoft, Google, Facebook, etc. result in a dangerous situation in terms of abuses of data protection and data security legislation. It is important to specify the term “dominant” or “dominance” as, in my opinion, the existing definition from a competition law perspective does not apply to the situation concerning privacy and data protection. So far law has not presented any other sufficient way to describe “dominance”..
Data mining : concepts and algorithms from multimedia to bioinformatics
Data mining : concepts, models, methods, and algorithms
This book contains revised selected papers from the Second International Conference on Cryptology and Information Security in the Balkans, BalkanCryptSec 2015, held in Koper, Slovenia, in September 2015. The 12 papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 27 submissions. They are organized in topical sections named: symmetric key cryptography; cryptanalysis; security and protocols; and implementation and verifiable encryption.
Repurposing legacy data : innovative case studies
This edition reflects the changes in systems, software and uSAGE which have taken place over the last three years. Schrodt adds material on the Apple Macintosh system; the development of mainframe-quality statistical packages for micros; the development of Pascal and C as programming languages; and more.
Practical analytics : applied analytics concepts using market-leading software tools
Computer-aided scheduling and dispatch in demand-responsive transit services
This volume highlights the theory that decisions made during the design of a data collection instrument influence the kind of data and the format of the data that are available for analysis.
Big data and social science : a practical guide to methods and tools
Crypto '90 marked the tenth anniversary of the Crypto conferences held at the University of California at Santa Barbara. The conference was held from August 11 to August 15, 1990 and was sponsored by the International Association for Cryptologic Research, in cooperation with the IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Security and Privacy and the Department of Computer Science of the University of California at Santa Barbara. 227 participants from twenty countries around the world. Crypto '90 attracted Roughly 35% of attendees were from academia, 45% from industry and 20% from government. The program was intended to provide a balance between the purely theoretical and the purely practical aspects of cryptography to meet the needs and diversified interests of these various groups. The overall organization of the conference was superbly handled by the general chairperson Sherry McMahan. All of the outstanding features of Crypto, which we have come to expect over the years, were again present and, in addition to all of this, she did a magnificent job in the preparation of the book of abstracts. This is a crucial part of the program and we owe her a great deal of thanks.
CRYPTO is a conference devoted to all aspects of cryptologic research. It is held each year at the University of California at Santa Barbara. Annual meetings on this topic also take place in Europe and are regularly published in this Lecture Notes series under the name of EUROCRYPT. This volume presents the proceedings of the ninth CRYPTO meeting. The papers are organized into sections with the following themes: Why is cryptography harder than it looks?, pseudo-randomness and sequences, cryptanalysis and implementation, signature and authentication, threshold schemes and key management, key distribution and network security, fast computation, odds and ends, zero-knowledge and oblivious transfer, multiparty computation.
Big data beyond the hype : a guide to conversations for today's data center
Saris helps readers identify the possibilities and difficulties which arise in computer-assisted interviewing. Annotated samples of actual research questionnaires allow readers to compare the usual paper questionnaire against the extra statements needed for clear computer-assisted interviewing.
Creating a data-driven organization : practical advice from the trenches
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 9th International Workshop on Security, IWSEC 2014, held in Hirosaki, Japan, in August 2014. The 13 regular papers presented together with 8 short papers in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 55 submissions. The focus of the workshop was on the following topics: system security, threshold cryptography, hardware security, foundation, and encryption.
The fourth paradigm : data-intensive scientific discovery
Topics in Cryptology –- CT-RSA 2015 : The Cryptographer's Track at the RSA Conference 2015, San Francisco, CA, USA, April 20-24, 2015. Proceedings
Big data and competition
Elements of Computer Security
Human congenital malformations : the design of a computer-aided study
The new oil : using innovative business models to turn data into profit
Introduction to computational linguistics
Proceedings of the workshop on diurnal cycles and the stable boundary layer : 7-10 November 2011.
The data manager
Remote sensing image fusion : a practical guide
Data : now bigger and better!
Modern Cryptology : A Tutorial
We live in the era of “Big Data”: Petabytes of digital information are generated daily, and need to be processed and analyzed for interesting patterns and trends. Besides volume, a defining characteristic of Big Data is its velocity; that is, data is instantiated in the form of continuous, high-speed data streams that arrive at rapid rates, and need to be processed and analyzed on a continuous (24x7) basis. Such data streams pose very difficult challenges for conventional data-management architectures, which are built primarily on the concept of persistent, static data collections. This volume focuses on the theory and practice of data stream management, and the novel challenges this emerging domain poses for data-management algorithms, systems, and applications. The collection of chapters, contributed by authorities in the field, offers a comprehensive introduction to both the algorithmic/theoretical foundations of data streams, as well as the streaming systems and applications built in different domains. A short introductory chapter provides a brief summary of some basic data streaming concepts and models, and discusses the key elements of a generic stream query processing architecture. Subsequently, Part I focuses on basic streaming algorithms for some key analytics functions (e.g., quantiles, norms, join aggregates, heavy hitters) over streaming data. Part II then examines important techniques for basic stream mining tasks (e.g., clustering, classification, frequent itemsets). Part III discusses a number of advanced topics on stream processing algorithms, and Part IV focuses on system and language aspects of data stream processing with surveys of influential system prototypes and language designs. Part V then presents some representative applications of streaming techniques in different domains (e.g., network management, financial analytics). Finally, the volume concludes with an overview of current data streaming products and new application domains (e.g. cloud computing, big data analytics, and complex event processing), and a discussion of future directions in this exciting field. The book provides a comprehensive overview of core concepts and technological foundations, as well as various systems and applications, and is of particular interest to students, lecturers and researchers in the area of data stream management. .
Copyright and Multimedia Products : A Comparative Analysis
This book constitutes the proceedings of the 9th Workshop on RFID Security and Privacy, RFIDsec 2013, held in Graz, Austria, in July 2013. The 11 papers presented in this volume were carefully reviewed and selected from 23 submissions. RFIDsec deals with topics of importance to improving the security and privacy of RFID, NFC, contactless technologies, and the Internet of Things. RFIDsec bridges the gap between cryptographic researchers and RFID developers.
This book constitutes the proceedings of the 2th International Workshop on Lightweight Cryptography for Security and Privacy, LightSec 2013, held in Gebze, Turkey, during May 6-7, 2013. The 10 full papers presented together with 3 invited talks were carefully reviewed and selected from 27 submissions. The papers are grouped in topical sections on efficient Implementations and designs, block cipher cryptanalysis, wireless sensor networks, and cryptographic protocols.
Data measured as angles or two-dimensional orientations are found almost everywhere in science. They commonly arise in biology, geography, geophysics, medicine, meteorology and oceanography, and many other areas. Examples of such data include departure directions of birds from release points, fracture plane orientations, the directional movement of animals after stimulation, wind and ocean current directions, and biorhythms. Statistical methods for handling such data have developed rapidly in the last twenty years, particularly data display, correlation, regression and analysis of tempered or spatially structured data. Further, some of the exciting modern developments in general statistical methodology, particularly nonparametric smoothing methods and bootstrap-based methods, have contributed significantly to relatively intractable data analysis problems. This book provides a unified and up-to-date account of techniques for handling circular data.
Processing data : the survey example
Data quality and its impacts on decision-making : how Managers can benefit from Good Data
Lawyers unlike many other professions are obliged to secure confidentiality and secrecy of all they get to know when providing their services. It means that they should act with greater care every time they decide to make use of a service, especially Internet-based one. Taking about lawyers in media society would be incomplete without paying attention to the rules of undertaking certain actions by lawyers themselves being a part of such society. Polish perspective and level of awareness of Polish lawyers in that field should also be taken into account in the discussion of new reality since the general idea of lawyers and media society concerns in fact lawyers providing legal aid in every country..
The aim of this volume is to present developments in semantics and logics of computation in a way that is accessible to graduate students. The book is based on a summer school at the Isaac Newton Institute and consists of a sequence of linked lecture courses by international authorities in the area. The whole set has been edited to form a coherent introduction to these topics, most of which have not been presented pedagogically before.
The Maple handbook
Big Data can be a powerful tool for creating effective business solutions, but formulating and executing the right strategy requires a deep understanding of an increasingly complex subject. Big Data Revolution highlights the power, potential, and pitfalls of Big Data, providing the insight you need to improve business outcomes with innovation and the efficient use of technology. Companies are generating data faster than ever before, and that data can be leveraged to transform industries.
Introduction to data mining
Financial Cryptography and Data Security : 14th International Conference, FC 2010, Tenerife, Canary Islands, January 25-28, 2010, Revised Selected Papers
The data revolution : big data, open data, data infrastructures and their consequences
Systems in business : a programmer's guide
Principles of statistical data handling
Scientific computing with MATLAB and Octave
Data mining and statistics for decision making
Covering the use of technology to support enquiry at every phase of the qualitative inquiry process, this text guides students in understanding how technology tools can be used in the research process.
Statistical Analysis of Circular Data
Principles of constructing linguistic models
Microcomputer data communication systems
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
Tree species identification in aerial image data using directional reflectance signatures
Customer data integration : reaching a single version of the truth
19th International conference on software engineering and data engineering 2010 : (SEDE-2010) / editors, I. Rahal, R. Zalila-Wenkstern
An introduction to data types
Methods for redescription mining
Cryptography and Information Security in the Balkans : Second International Conference, BalkanCryptSec 2015, Koper, Slovenia, September 3-4, 2015, Revised Selected Papers
Abstract: The World Health Organization Regional Office for Europe and the Directorate-General for Health and Consumers of the European Commission have established a joint three-year project to monitor progress in improving nutrition and physical activity and preventing obesity in the European Union. As part of this project, a workshop on the integration of data on physical activity patterns was convened in Zurich, Switzerland on 25–26 February 2009. The main aims were: to discuss the implications of the application of different physical activity data collecting protocols and existing data sources on the development of a harmonized European database; and to review a list of indicators to compare physical activity patterns and levels among all population groups across Europe.
Compressive Sensing for Wireless Networks
Knowledge discovery using diffusion maps
Recent advances in salient object detection : towards object recognition in Big Media Data
The data and analytics playbook : proven methods for governed data & analytic quality
AboutCryptology It is nowwidelyperceivedthatweareexperiencinganinformationrevolution whose e?ects will ultimately be as pervasive and profound as was brought by the industrial revolution of the last century. From the beginning of time, information has been an important asset for humans. In the early days of humanexistence,themereknowledgeofwheretomosteasilygatherfoodwas the di?erence between life and death. Throughout history, information has provided the means for winning wars, making fortunes, and shaping history. The underlying theme of the information revolution is that we continue to ?nd new ways to use information. These new uses for information serve to highlight our need to protect di?erent aspects of information. Cryptology may be broadly de?ned as the scienti?c study of adversarial information protection. Cryptology has traditionally dealt with the co- dentiality of information, but innovation in using information produces new requirements for protection of that information. Some are longstanding and fundamental - how do we guarantee that information is ”authentic”? How do we guarantee that information is timely? How can we produce bits that have the same properties as ”money”? Each of these questions has been grappled with in the cryptologic research community.
Evaluation of Data Mining
Joint models for longitudinal and time-to-event data : with applications in R
Crisis of Presence in Contemporary Culture
Managing data in motion : data integration, best practice techniques and technologies
The description of MCU software testing process
Information visualization in data mining and knowledge discovery
ISSAC 2004 proceedings
Abuses of dominant ICT companies in the area of data protection
Genetic data and the law : a critical perspective on privacy protection
Specification and Proof in Real Time CSP
Computer-assisted interviewing
Python for data science for dummies
The philosophy of information quality
Data communications in business : an introduction
An introduction to statistical methods and data analysis
Doing research in business and management : an essential guide to planning your project
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Information Systems Security, ICISS 2013, held in Kolkata, India, in December 2013. The 20 revised full papers and 6 short papers presented together with 3 invited papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 82 submissions. The papers address theoretical and practical problems in information and systems security and related areas.
Data warehousing in the age of big data
Decision making based on data analysis methods
Big data for dummies
"In conclusion as you come to the end of this book, the concept of a Data Warehouse and its primary goal of serving the enterprise version of truth, and being the single platform for all the source of information will continue to remain intact and valid for many years to come. As we have discussed across many chapters and in many case studies, the limitations that existed with the infrastructures to create, manage and deploy Data Warehouses have been largely eliminated with the availability of Big Data technologies and infrastructure platforms, making the goal of the single version of truth a feasible reality. Integrating and extending Big Data into the Data Warehouse, and creating a larger decision support platform will benefit businesses for years to come. This book has touched upon governance and information lifecycle management aspects of Big Data in the larger program, however you can reuse all the current program management techniques that you follow for the Data Warehouse for this program and even implement agile approaches to integrating and managing data in the Data Warehouse. Technologies will continue to evolve in this spectrum and there will be more additions of solutions, which can be integrated if you follow the modular integration approaches to building and managing the Data Warehouse. The Appendix sections contain many more case studies and a special section on Healthcare Information Factory based on Big Data approaches. These are more guiding posts to help you align your thoughts and goals to building and integrating Big Data in your Data Warehouse"--
"Bridging the gap between the marketer who must put text analytics to use and the increasingly rarefied community of data analysis experts, Practical Text Analytics is an accessible guide to the many remarkable advances in text analytics that specialists are discussing among themselves. Instead of being a resource for programmers, a book on theory or an introduction on how to use advanced statistical programs, this daily reference resource cuts through the profusion of jargon, evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of various methods and serving as a guide to what is credible in this fast-moving and often confusing field. Practical Text Analytics provides guidance on the application of text analytics for marketing professionals who must interpret the results and apply them in their campaigns. It presents the process of analysis in ways that people who use the data need to see them, helping marketers to clarify and organize confidently the confusing array of methods, frame the right questions and apply the results successfully to find meaning in any unstructured data and develop powerful new marketing strategies. About the series: The Marketing Science series makes difficult topics accessible to marketing students and practitioners by grounding them in business reality. Each book is written by an expert in the field and includes case studies and illustrations so marketers can gain confidence in applying the tools and techniques and commission external research"--
Applied statistical designs for the researcher
This book presents researchers and practitioners in fields such as knowledge management, information science, Web engineering, and medical informatics, with comprehensive, innovative research on data mining methods, structures, tools, and methods, the knowledge discovery process, and data marts, among many other cutting-edge topics.
Developing a consolidated management view by integrating financial, operational and clinical data
Symbolic integration. 1, Transcendental functions
Data Stream Management : Processing High-Speed Data Streams
Perceptrons : an introduction to computational geometry
A seminal text, written by one of the world's leading experts in the field. In contrast to the hype and hubris of much media and business coverage, it provides a synoptic and truly critical analysis of 'big data', 'open data' and the emerging data landscape.
Secure IT Systems : 18th Nordic Conference, NordSec 2013, Ilulissat, Greenland, October 18-21, 2013, Proceedings
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
"Breaking open Big Data, two Harvard scientists reveal a ground-breaking way of looking at history and culture"--
An engineer's guide to MATLAB : with applications from mechanical, aerospace, electrical, and civil engineering
What should you see when you're analysing real data using one of the major statistical packages? This book will show you and walk you through the output from a variety of statistical outcomes.
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the International Conference on Privacy in Statistical Databases, PSD 2012, held in Palermo, Italy, in September 2012 under the sponsorship of the UNESCO chair in Data Privacy. The 27 revised full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 38 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on tabular data protection; microdata protection: methods and disclosure risk; microdata protection: case studies; spatial data protection; differential privacy; on-line databases and remote access; privacy-preserving protocols.
Programmatic advertising : the successful transformation to automated, data-driven marketing in real-time
Information Systems Security : 9th International Conference, ICISS 2013, Kolkata, India, December 16-20, 2013. Proceedings
Think stats
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-conference proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Information Security and Cryptology, Inscrypt 2012, held in Beijing, China, in November 2012. The 23 revised full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 71 submissions. The papers cover the topics of side channel attacks, extractor and secret sharing, public key cryptography, block ciphers, stream ciphers, new constructions and protocols.
Advanced analytics with Spark
Information and Communications Security : 15th International Conference, ICICS 2013, Beijing, China, November 20-22, 2013. Proceedings
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Information and Communications Security, ICICS 2013, held in Beijing, China, in November 2013. The 23 regular papers and 6 short papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 113 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on system security, Web security and worm detection, cloud storage security, virtualization for cloud computing, trusted and trustworthy computing, authentication and security protocols, intrusion detection and recovery, side channel attacks and defense, engineering issues of crypto, cryptanalysis, attribute-based encryption, and cryptographic primitives and applications.
An introduction to secondary data analysis with IBM SPSS statistics
Data mining and analysis : fundamental concepts and algorithms
Game analytics among Finnish freemium developers
Data mining : next generation challenges and future directions
This volume demonstrates how to input, manipulate and debug data to make substantive analysis easier and more accurate. Using a series of principles, universal concepts that apply no matter what the data-gathering context or computer software, Fred Davidson presents a situation or a problem, suggests how it might be resolved and demonstrates the implementation of each principle as it appears in the command languages of SAS and SPSS.
Still high in the sky: facing legal challenges of cloud computing in the EU
The substitution of letter mail in targeted communication
The teachings in this book go beyond technologies, skills and processes. Each chapter's "thought exercises" challenge you to consider technology, business and management concepts in the context of your organization. These questions will help you evaluate next steps for making the technologies valuable to you. -Michael Goldberg, editor in chief, Data Informed (www.data-informed.com)
Testing, comissioning and additional development of neural network application for condition monitoring of wind turbine drive train
Security in Computing and Communications : 4th International Symposium, SSCC 2016, Jaipur, India, September 21-24, 2016, Proceedings
Data cycle in atmospheric physics : from detected millivolts to understanding the atmosphere
This book was first published in 1993. Computing systems are becoming highly complex, harder to understand, and therefore more prone to failure. Where such systems control aircraft for example, system failure could have disastrous consequences. It is important therefore that we are able to employ mathematical techniques to specify the behaviour or safety critical systems. This thesis uses the theory of Communicating Sequential Processes (CSP) to show how a real-lime system may be specified. Included is a case study in which a local area network protocol is described at two levels of abstraction, and a general method 14 structuring CSP descriptions of layered protocols is given.
Atlas : child and adolescent mental health resources : global concerns: implications for the future
Big data revolution : what farmers, doctors and insurance agents teach us about discovering big data patterns
Database and XML Technologies : 6th International XML Database Symposium, XSym 2009, Lyon, France, August 24, 2009. Proceedings
Managing data using Excel : organizing, summarizing and visualizing scientific data
Data Analytics : Models and Algorithms for Intelligent Data Analysis
Radio Frequency Identification : Security and Privacy Issues 9th International Workshop, RFIDsec 2013, Graz, Austria, July 9-11, 2013, Revised Selected Papers
On text document classification and retrieval using self-organising maps
Using microcomputers in research
Atlas : nurses in mental health 2007.
The clash between protection of personal data and protection of intellectual property rights in the CJUE jurisprudence
Curation : the power of selection in a world of excess
Cryptology is the art and science of secure communication over insecure channels. The primary aim of this book is to provide a self-contained overview of recent cryptologic achievements and techniques in a form that can be understood by readers having no previous acquaintance with cryptology. It can thus be used as independent reading by whoever wishes to get started on the subject. An extensive bibliography of 250 references is included to help the reader deepen his or her understanding and go beyond the topics treated here. This book can also be used as preliminary material for an introductory course on cryptology. Despite its simplicity, it covers enough state-of-the-art material to be nevertheless of interest to the specialist. After a survey of the main secret and public key techniques, various applications are discussed. The last chapter describes 'quantum cryptography', a revolutionary approach to cryptography that remains secure even against an opponent with unlimited computing power. Quantum crytography is based on the principles of quantum physics.
MEDCOMP : [handbook of computer applications in biology and medicine]. Part 1, Statistical systems
Maternal mortality in 2000 : estimates developed by WHO, UNICEF and UNFPA
Lanczos algorithms for large symmetric eigenvalue computations. Vol. 1, Theory
Quantitative data in science and technology
Statistical data analysis using your personal computer
Advances in Cryptology-CRYPT0’ 90 : Proceedings
"Preface Joint models for longitudinal and time-to-event data have become a valuable tool in the analysis of follow-up data. These models are applicable mainly in two settings: First, when focus is in the survival outcome and we wish to account for the effect of an endogenous time-dependent covariate measured with error, and second, when focus is in the longitudinal outcome and we wish to correct for nonrandom dropout. Due to their capability to provide valid inferences in settings where simpler statistical tools fail to do so, and their wide range of applications, the last 25 years have seen many advances in the joint modeling field. Even though interest and developments in joint models have been widespread, information about them has been equally scattered in articles, presenting recent advances in the field, and in book chapters in a few texts dedicated either to longitudinal or survival data analysis. However, no single monograph or text dedicated to this type of models seems to be available. The purpose in writing this book, therefore, is to provide an overview of the theory and application of joint models for longitudinal and survival data. In the literature two main frameworks have been proposed, namely the random effects joint model that uses latent variables to capture the associations between the two outcomes (Tsiatis and Davidian, 2004), and the marginal structural joint models based on G estimators (Robins et al., 1999, 2000). In this book we focus in the former. Both subfields of joint modeling, i.e., handling of endogenous time-varying covariates and nonrandom dropout, are equally covered and presented in real datasets"--
Elliott argues that both qualitative and quantitative methods are characterised by a concern with narrative, and that our research data is best analysed in narrative terms. In concrete, step-by-step terms she details how to go about collecting data and how to subject that data to narrative analysis.
From multidimensional and multi-scale data integration to uncertainties in spatial data mining, this book launches into areas that are rarely addressed. Topics covered include: -- New developments of uncertainty modelling, quality control of spatial data, and related research issues in spatial analysis -- Spatial statistical solutions in spatial data quality -- Eliminating systematic error in the analytical results of GIS applications -- A data quality perspective for GIS function workflow design -- Data quality in multi-dimensional integration -- Research challenges on data quality in the integration and analysis of data from multiple sources -- A new approach for imprecision management in the qualitative data warehouse -- A multi-dimensional quality assessment of photogrammetric and LiDAR datasets based on a vector approach -- An analysis on the uncertainty of multi-scale representation for street-block settlement.
Design Issues in Optical Processing
Advances in Cryptology 1981 – 1997 : Electronic Proceedings and Index of the CRYPTO and EUROCRYPT Conferences 1981 – 1997
Multimedia information extraction : advances in video, audio, and imagery analysis for search, data mining, surveillance, and authoring
Using straight-forward language, this text walks readers through the process of managing and streamlining research projects using commonly available Microsoft software applications.
Privacy in statistical databases is a discipline whose purpose is to provide so- tionstothetensionbetweenthesocial,political,economicandcorporatedemand for accurate information, and the legal and ethical obligation to protect the p- vacy of the various parties involved. Those parties are the respondents (the individuals and enterprises to which the database records refer), the data o- ers (those organizations spending money in data collection) and the users (the ones querying the database or the search engine, who would like their queries to stay con?dential). Beyond law and ethics, there are also practical reasons for data-collecting agencies and corporations to invest in respondent privacy: if individual respondents feel their privacy guaranteed, they are likely to provide moreaccurateresponses. Data ownerprivacyis primarilymotivatedbypractical considerations: if an enterprise collects data at its own expense, it may wish to minimize leakage of those data to other enterprises (even to those with whom joint data exploitation is planned). Finally, user privacy results in increaseduser satisfaction, even if it may curtail the ability of the database owner to pro?le users. Thereareatleasttwotraditionsinstatisticaldatabaseprivacy,bothofwhich started in the 1970s: the ?rst one stems from o?cial statistics, where the dis- pline is also known as statistical disclosure control (SDC), and the second one originates from computer science and database technology. In o?cial statistics, the basic concern is respondent privacy. In computer science, the initial mo- vation was also respondent privacy but, from 2000 onwards, growing attention has been devoted to owner privacy (privacy-preserving data mining) and user privacy (private informationretrieval).
Secure IT Systems : 19th Nordic Conference, NordSec 2014, Tromsø, Norway, October 15-17, 2014, Proceedings
Next generation of data-mining applications
Elementary computer-assisted statistics
ITCS 2012 and STA 2012 address the various theories and practical applications of information technology convergence, secure and trust computing, and data management in future environments. It will present important results of significant value to solve the application services and various problems within the scope of ITCS 2012 & STA 2012. In addition, we expect it will trigger further related research and technology developments which will improve our lives in the future.
The goal of this book is to provide a comprehensive and systematic introduction to the important and highly applicable method of data refinement and the simulation methods used for proving its correctness. The authors concentrate in the first part on the general principles needed to prove data refinement correct. They begin with an explanation of the fundamental notions, showing that data refinement proofs reduce to proving simulation. The book's second part contains a detailed survey of important methods in this field, which are carefully analysed, and shown to be either incomplete, with counterexamples to their application, or to be always applicable whenever data refinement holds. This is shown by proving, for the first time, that all these methods can be described and analysed in terms of two simple notions: forward and backward simulation. The book is self-contained, going from advanced undergraduate level and taking the reader to the state of the art in methods for proving simulation.
Association rule mining : models and algorithms
The creative process : a computer model of storytelling and creativity
Learning QGIS : latest guide to using QGIS 2.14 to create great maps and perform geoprocessing tasks with ease
Efficient design and modeling strategies for follow-up studies with time-varying covariates
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 4th International Symposium on Security in Computing and Communications, SSCC 2016, held in Jaipur, India, in September 2016. The 23 revised full papers presented together with 16 short papers and an invited paper were carefully reviewed and selected from 136 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on cryptosystems, algorithms, primitives; security and privacy in networked systems; system and network security; steganography, visual cryptography, image forensics; applications security. .
Data mining and knowledge discovery technologies
Advances in Cryptology — CRYPTO’ 86 : Proceedings
Database cloud storage : the essential guide to Oracle automatic storage management
Computer-assisted text analysis
Report of the workshop on integration of data on physical activity patterns : Zurich, Switzerland, 25-26 February 2009.
Lightweight Cryptography for Security and Privacy : Second International Workshop, LightSec 2013, Gebze, Turkey, May 6-7, 2013, Revised Selected Papers
