http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2723 product liability
product liability
Products liability : problems and process
Tendencies in product liability in Europe and America
The fear of losing out : tobacco industry strategies in Finland 1975-2001
Abstract.
1992: one European market? : a critical analysis of the Commission's internal market strategy
Tobacco control legislation : an introductory guide = Leǵislation en matiere de Lutte Antitabac : guide introductif
Consumer protection in Bulgaria, Czech republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania and Romania : national reports and comparative analysis
Return to sender : essays on extended producer responsibility
Quality improvement tools & techniques
Protection of individual rights under EC law
The law of information technology in Europe 1992 : a comparison with the USA
Damage caused by the sale of a defective product by a trading corporation to a citizen as buyer under the Czechoslovak civil code
Trading with America
Interpreting the Finnish product liability act : what can be learned from the American experience
Conclusions (s. 41-43).
Consumer law and practice
European Convention on Products Liability in Regard to Personal Injury and Death, Strasbourg 27.1.1977 = Convention européenne sur la responsabilité du fait des produits en cas de lésions corporelles ou de dècés
The law of product liability
Restatement of the law, torts--products liability
Product liability
Information rights and obligations : a challenge for party autonomy and transactional fairness
Summary Spanish.
The implementation process of E.U. directives on product safety, product liability and unfair contract terms : proceedings of a Conference held in Riga (Latvia) on 13 and 14 October 1994
Borderlands, responsibilities, resources, playgrounds : Finnish design yearbook '08-09
Corporate crime under attack : the Ford Pinto case and beyond
Market control in Finland
Schema theoretical approach to stereotyping products made in different countries
Product liability and consumer safety : a practical guide to the Consumer Protection Act 1987
Law on product quality control and product liability in China
Reliability and life testing handbook
Product liability in Europe : a collection of reports prepared for the Conference on Product Liability in Europe to be held in Amsterdam on 25th and 26th September 1975.
Summary Russian.
Simple rules for a complex world
Products liability
Summary English.
Post market control of consumer goods
How the making and marketing of sustainable brand affect consumer behaviour
Tobacco tort litigation in the United States
Principles of medical law
Sale of goods and consumer credit
Medical law : text, cases, and materials
"In this book Kenneth Abraham explores the development and interdependency of the tort liability regime and the insurance system in the United States during the twentieth century and beyond, including the events of September 11, 2001."--R©♭sum©♭ de l'©♭diteur.
Competition law, environmental policy and producer responsibility : experiences in the Netherlands from a European perspective
The implementation process of E.U. directives on product safety, product liability and unfair contract terms : proceedings of a conference held in Riga (Latvia) on 13 and 14 October 1994
Advanced topics of law and information technology
Product warranties and double adverse selection
Product liability in Europe : a practical guide for industry
The consumer, society and the law
The Product Liability Act
Summary French.
Comparative product liability
The Law of Consumer Protection and Fair Trading
Product and service liability in the EEC : The new strict liability regime. Andrew Geddes
User protection in IT contracts : a comparative study of the protection of the user against defective performance in information technology
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Product guarantees and liability rules : an economic analysis
Consumer law
Product liability in the Asia-Pacific
The liability century : insurance and tort law from the Progressive Era to 9/11
European perspectives on producers' liability : direct producers' liability for non-conformity and the sellers' right of redress
Product involvement. 1, A conceptual approach
Defective and unsafe products : law and practice
Burden and standard of proof in product liability cases : comparing the United States and Finland
Dangerous products
The legal environment today : business in its ethical, regulatory, and international setting
Product liability rules in OECD countries
Atiyah's sale of goods
Products liability in a nutshell
Liability for products : English law, French law, and European harmonization
Market surveillance in Finland
Product regulations and standards in WTO law
Product liability : European laws and practice
Guide to product liability in Europe : the new strict product liability laws, pre-existing remedies, procedure and costs in the European Union and the European Free Trade Association
Summary Chines.
Consumer protection in Czechoslovakia and Finland
Consumer capitalism : politics, product markets, and firm strategy in France and Germany
Summary Arabic.
Bribed sportsman - a newborn celebrity : an introduction to a cigarette marketing project
Consequences of extended warranty
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Information technology law
Consumption and everyday life
Products liability and safety : cases and materials
Environmental management systems : understanding organisational drivers and barriers
Strict liability in tort for personal injuries caused by dangerously defective productsaspects of the American experience
International product liability
Conclusion (s. 181-185).
Law and power (right and might) in the international commercial order
Product liability : prevention, practice and process in Europe and the United States
European product safety, internal market policy and the new approach to technical harmonisation and standards. Volume 3, Product safety legislation in the Federal Republic of Germany and in the United States
Corporate tragedies : product tampering, sabotage, and other catastrophes
A casebook on European consumer law
Sécurité des produits et mécanismes de contrôl dans la Communauté Européenne = Product safety and control processes in the European Community
Summary.
The sale of goods
An introduction to the law of torts
Product liability in comparative perspective
Commercial and consumer law : national and international dimensions
Consumer guarantees : towards a European sale of goods act
Tietoa tuotevirheistä = Information on product defects
Product liability litigation
Managing the process of outsourcing : examining the process of outsourcing product-development activities in software firms
The EEC directive on product liability : its implementation in Sweden
European product safety, internal market policy and the new approach to technical harmonisation and standards. Volume 2, Product safety legislation in France and in the United Kingdom
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Product safety : developing and implementing measures : report
Lectures on products liability : report from a jubilee seminar
Finnish design yearbook 08-09 : borderlands, responsibilities, resources, playgrounds
The scope and objectives of consumer law : proceedings of a Conference held in Gdansk (Poland) on 16 and 17 September 1994
How to manage IPR infringement risks in open source development?
European product liability directive and manufacturer's liability for defective products in the United States
Products liability in Finland
Corporate crime under attack : the fight to criminalize business violence
