http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27208 citizens of the United States of America
citizens of the United States of America
The transatlantic world of higher education : Americans at German universities, 1776-1914
American secularism : cultural contours of nonreligious belief systems
Shoggoth's Old Peculiar
The valley of amazement
Continental divide : the values and institutions of the United States and Canada
G.I. Joe : Snake Eyes : Cobra civil war. volume 1
Ethical habits : a Peircean perspective
"And then all of the sudden, you're still here with bad Finnish" : American women's narratives of cultural adjustment in Finland
Shadowed by grace : a story of monuments men
Jocko Willink and Leif Babin served together in SEAL Task Unit Bruiser, the most highly decorated Special Operations unit from the war in Iraq. Through difficult months of sustained combat, Jocko, Leif and their SEAL brothers learned that leadership -- at every level -- is the most important thing on the battlefield. They started Echelon Front to teach these same leadership principles to companies across industries throughout the business world that want to build their own high-performance, winning teams. This book explains the SEAL leadership concepts crucial to accomplishing the most difficult missions in combat and how to apply them to any group, team, or organization. It provides the reader with Jocko and Leif's formula for success: the mindset and guiding principles that enable SEAL combat units to achieve extraordinary results. It demonstrates how to apply these directly to business and life to likewise achieve victory.
America again : re-becoming the greatness we never weren't
Saul Bellow : a bibliography of secondary sources
An annotated bibliography of Jane Austen studies, 1973-83
American cultural studies : an introduction to American culture
An annotated bibliography of Jane Austen studies 1952-1972
Between hell and a hard place
Abstract.
I am America (and so can you!)
G.I. Joe : Snake Eyes : Cobra civil war. volume 2
Willink and Babin share hard-hitting, Navy SEAL combat stories that translate into lessons for business and life. With their SEAL brothers, they learned that leadership-- at every level-- is the most important thing on the battlefield. Here they provide the reader with their formula for success: the mindset and guiding principles that enable SEAL combat units to achieve extraordinary results. It demonstrates how to apply these directly to business and life to likewise achieve victory.
Army of one
Extreme ownership : how U.S. Navy SEALs lead and win
Milton Caniff's male call : the complete newspaper strips: 1942-1946 starring miss lace
Hitlerland : American eyewitnesses to the Nazis rise to power
Consensus on Peirce's concept of habit : before and beyond consciousness
Hitler's rise to power, Germany's march to the abyss, as seen through the eyes of Americans--diplomats, military, expats, visiting authors, Olympic athletes--who watched horrified and up close. By tapping a rich vein of personal testimonies, Hitlerland offers a startlingly fresh perspective on this heavily dissected era. Some of the Americans in Weimar and then Hitler's Germany were merely casual observers, others deliberately blind; a few were Nazi apologists. But most slowly began to understand the horror of what was unfolding, even when they found it difficult to grasp the breadth of the catastrophe. The most perceptive of these Americans helped their reluctant countrymen begin to understand the nature of Nazi Germany as it ruthlessly eliminated political opponents, instilled hatred of Jews and anyone deemed a member of an inferior race, and readied its military and its people for a war for global domination.
Turning bricks into jade : critical incidents for mutual understanding among chinese and americans
