http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27221 phytotoxicity
phytotoxicity
Plant essential oils as plant protectants and growth activators
Effects of temperature on phytotoxicity of monuron, picloram, CDEC, EPTC, CDAA, and sesone to young pine seedlings
The phytotoxic effects and biodegradability of stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester
Effect of stand density on damage to birch (Betula pubescens) caused by phytotoxic air pollutants
Phytochemicals : a new paradigm
Phytotoxins and plant pathogenesis
Does allelopathy have a role in the ecology of Chenopodium murale?
The aims of this study were to determine the phytotoxicity of stored rapeseed (Brassica rapa) oil (RSO) and rapeseed oil methyl ester (RME) after "spill like" contamination on the growth of barley (Hordeum vulgare) and the biodegradability of these substances in OECD 301F test conditions and in ground water. Rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester were both stored for a period of time and their fuel characteristics (e.g. acid number) had changed from those set by the fuel standards and are considered to have an effect on its biodegradation. The phytotoxicity was tested using two different types of barley cultivars: "Saana" and "Vilde". The phytotoxic effect on the barley varieties was determined, after the growth season, by measuring the total biomass growth and the mass of 1000 kernels taken from the tests plots. Also visual inspection was used to determine what the effects on the barley growth were. These measurements suggest that both RSO and RME have a negative impact on barley sprouts and therefore the total growth of the barley. RSO and RME both decreased the total amount of harvested phytomass. The weight of 1000 kernels increased with low concentrations of these contaminants and high contamination levels reduced the mass of the kernels. The results of these experiments suggest that the stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester are both phytotoxic materials and therefore will cause substantial loss of vegetation in the case of a fuel spill. The RSO and RME biodegraded effectively in the measurement period of 28 days under OECD test conditions: the degree of biodegradation being over 60%. The biodegradation in the ground water was much slower: the degree of biodegradation being about 10% after 28 days.
Establishing ozone critical levels II : UNECE workshop report : Göteborg, Sweden, 19-22 November, 2002
Role of low-weight carboxylic acids in phytotoxicity of composts
Streptomyces scabies and S. turgidiscabies as pathogens causing potato common scab, and potential methods for their control
Factors causing phytotoxicity in insecticide aerosols
