http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27342 art experiences
art experiences
Generative sound design : complexity, realness, and quality : including study cases of an interactive 3D environment sound research and a generative sound installation
Pictures & tears : a history of people who have cried in front of paintings
The phenomenology of aesthetic experience
Interactive experience in the digital age : evaluating New Art Practice
Everyday genius : self-taught art and the culture of authenticity
Art, history and the senses : 1830 to the present
Altered experience in dance/dancing : investigation into the nature of altered experience in dancing and pedagogical support
The lonely city : adventures in the art of being alone
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
Small acts : performance, the millennium and thr making of time
Finnish summary.
Building bridges : experiential art understanding : a work of art as a means of understanding and constructing self
Aesthetic science : connecting minds, brains, and experience
Treasure palaces : great writers visit great museums
The visual arts and early childhood learning
Music, the brain, and ecstasy : how music captures our imagination
Searching for a better life through arts and skills : research results, visions and conclusions
Stereoscopic distortions as an artistic practice
Although theoretical publications maintain that art experience influences human perception positively and although corporations invest significantly into the arts (e.g. corporate art collections, sponsoring) the potential of art experience as a human resource development tool has been neglected in empirical management research. Taking into account a philosophical and a psychological perspective and based on a case study of the Siemens Arts Program's Kulturzeiten - an established and elaborate art experience program targeted at corporate human resources - Denise Sumpf analyses empirically whether art experience contributes to a reduction of perceptual biases in managerial decision-making (e.g. stereotyping, halo effects, overconfidence bias). The results show that art experience tackles several perceptual biases, but its efficacy and efficiency as a human resource development tool depend on a number of variables. Decisive are, for instance, the quality of the intermediary, the amount and intensity of exposure to art, or the composition of the participant group.
Art and the senses
Art and imagination : a study in the philosophy of mind
Aesthetics for young people
Winter art as an experience
Experiencing art : in the brain of the beholder
Strong experiences with music : music is much more than just music
Damned : an illustrated history of the Devil
Producing experience in marketplace encounters : a study of consumption experiences in art exhibitions and trade fairs
#0000FF is the new #000000 : conceptual and site-specific mixed reality media art exhibition project
Negotiated moments : improvisation, sound, and subjectivity
How to look at everything
Art in Three Dimensions is a collection of essays by one of the most eminent figures in philosophy of art. The animating idea behind Noel Carroll's work is that philosophers of art should eschew the sort of aestheticism that often implicitly - but sometimes explicitly, as in the case of aesthetic theories of art and of their commitments to the notion of the autonomy of art - governs their methodology. Instead, Carroll argues that philosophers of art need to refocus their attention on the ways in which art enters the life of culture and the lives of individual audience members. The reference to three dimensions in the title refers to Carroll's view that philosophers of art should look at art from multiple angles and treat it as a substantial participant not only in society, but also as a significant influence upon the moral and emotional experiences of audiences.
Art as experience
Gadamer and the question of the divine
Aesthetic engagement in museum exhibitions
Art in three dimensions
Art and engagement
Walter Benjamin : the colour of experience
The drama of the rite : worship, liturgy and theatre performance
"This book contains a collection of papers that focuses on the way patrons, pagan as well as Christian, conveyed messages through material and visual culture and on the reception by the viewers. The contributions investigate how patrons of luxurious buildings, elaborate grave monuments, and churches used architecture, images, and inscriptions to demonstrate political, social, and religious power. The visual arts were a strong factor in communicating identity and attitudes both in the public and private spheres also in Late Antiquity"--P. [4] of cover.
At a distance : precursors to art and activism on the Internet
The presence of light : divine radiance and religious experience
Art and psyche : a study in psychoanalysis and aesthetics
Building bridges : experiential art understanding: a work of art as a means of understanding and constructing self
Performing proximity : curious intimacies
The book on the floor : André Malraux and the imaginary museum
How to look at modern art
How does proximity between audiences and performers change the nature of live performance? How does it feel? How long can it last? How close is too close? Exploring the rise of close encounter, immersive productions that shine a light on performer-audience relationships, this book considers the impact of space and proximity in live performance. Drawing on their experience as internationally acclaimed performance artists, Leslie Hill and Helen Paris richly document their creative processes, performances and audience's responses in a series of illuminating case studies. Relating their practice to wider issues in contemporary performance and detailing workshop exercises that aid performance making, this unique fusion of artistic and academic reflection is crucial reading for students, scholars and practitioners alike.
Flirting with space : journeys and creativity
"Experience Design brings together leading international scholars to provide a cross-section view of current academic discourse and professional practice within this emerging interdisciplinary field. Contributors use real-life case studies drawn from a range of national and disciplinary contexts to explore the meaning of 'experience'; ways in which specific 'experiences' can be designed; which methodologies and practices are employed in this process, and how experience design interrelates with other academic and professional disciplines"-- Provided by publisher.
Web aesthetics : how digital media affect culture and society
The theater experience
Ways of looking : how to experience contemporary art
Learning in visual art practice
Black rainbow : how words healed me : my journey through depression
The development of aesthetic experience
Designing Antikythera : a tactile interactive poetry application for iPad
Mandala and landscape
Celebrating creative consciousness : insights into Oscar Wilde's aesthetics
The visual experience : an introduction to art
Draw it with your eyes closed : the art of the art assignment
Suspensions of perception : attention, spectacle, and modern culture
Patrons and viewers in late antiquity
The senses play a vital role in our health, our social interactions, and in enjoying food, music and the arts. The book provides an interdisciplinary overview of the senses, ranging from the neuroscience of sensory processing in the body, to the role of the senses in the arts.
Field tripping : crossing ruptures, staying in pathways, passing thresholds : searching for a way in and out in curatorial positioning
Encounters with the virtual : the experience of art in Gilles Deleuze's philosophy
Peeling the onion
Aesthetic experience
The visible spectrum : participants' experiences of the process and impacts of art therapy
Embodied experiences, constructing a collaborative art event in the Northern environment
"In his new book, eminent psychologist - Daniel Stern, author of the classic The interpersonal world of the infant, explores the hitherto neglected topic of "vitality" - that is, the force or power manifested by all living things. Vitality takes on many dynamic forms and permeates daily life, psychology, psychotherapy and the arts, yet what is vitality? We know that it is a manifestation of life, of being alive. We are very alert to its feel in ourselves and its expression in others. Life shows itself in so many different forms of vitality. But just how can we study this phenomenon? Till now, this has been a topic considered impervious to any kind of scientific study, but according to the Stern, it is possible to trace vitality to real physical and mental operations-- including movement, time, perception of force - as well as spatial aspects of the movement and its underlying intention. Within this fascinating book he shows how an understanding of vitality can help the psychotherapeutic process (including a look at the developmental origins of forms of vitality) and looks at how these theories of vitality might fit with our current knowledge of the workings of the brain. Truly a tour de force from a brilliant clinician and scientist, Forms of Vitality is a profound and absorbing book - one that will be essential reading for psychologists, psychotherapists, and those in the creative arts".
How do we appreciate a work of art? Awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship to explore connections between art, mind, and brain, Arthur Shimamura takes findings from psychological and brain sciences to address ways of understanding our aesthetic responses.
Helene : dialogi kahdelle ihmiselle = dialogue for two
From a stunning villa on sunny Capri with Ali Smith to an unlikely temple in the heart of Copenhagen with Alan Hollinghurst, Treasure Palaces brings together over twenty of the world's greatest writers to give their own personal tours of the museums that have awed, haunted and inspired them. Join Andrew Motion as he muses on writerly methods in the British Library, or Matthew Sweet at the hands-on joy of the ABBA museum. Julian Barnes meditates on Jean Sibelius's music, as well as the composer's apple corer, while visiting his home in Helsinki. Jacqueline Wilson encounters the dolls of Le Musee de la Poupee, Tim Winton remembers his first bare-foot encounter with the National Gallery of Victoria, and Aminatta Forna ponders love tokens in The Museum of Broken Relationships. From mausoleums to massive galleries, from London and New York to Kabul and Zagreb, Treasure Palaces explores some of the world's greatest - and sometimes surprising - museums. The result is a collection of moving, lyrical essays that speak to the enduring power of museums in our cultural life, and will leave you longing to revisit your favourite treasure palace or looking for a new one to explore.
Kind of blue : emotions experienced in relation to nominally sad music
Take a closer look
Push me, pull you
Leading a creative school : initiating and sustaining school change
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Art and phenomenology
Experience as art : aesthetics in everyday life
Art school is at a point of unprecedented popularity both as an enterprise and as an object of critical inquiry. This book examines the complex and often unruly state of art education by focusing on its signature pedagogical form, the assignment. Practical and quixotic in equal parts, the art assignment can resemble a riddle as much as a recipe, and often sounds more like a haiku, or even a joke, than a clear directive. From introductory exercises in perspective drawing to graduate-level experiments in societal transformation, the assignment coalesces ideas about what art is, how it should be taught, and what larger purpose it might, or might not, serve. The book is a written record of an evolving oral tradition. Bringing together hundreds of assignments, anti-assignments, and artworks from both teachers and students from a broad range of institutions, we hope it simultaneously serves as an archive and an instigation, a teaching tool and a question mark, a critique and a tribute.
The space-frame experience in art
How to visit a museum
Design thinking : process & methods guide
John Dewey, Robert Pirsig, and the art of living : revisioning aesthetic education
Art experience and human resources' perception
T.I.L.A. : a study on embodied space
Experience design : concepts and case studies
Pleasure and the arts : enjoying literature, painting, and music
Summary.
On the psychology of artistic enjoyment
New waves in aesthetics
Touching and imagining : an introduction to tactile art
Leading a Creative School shows that school leaders are central in any change process, and offers suggestions and models of practice for a whole school change towards creative practice. Providing an accessible overview of key issues and debates surrounding different methods of creative change, practical activities, and stimulus material for to help teachers, this book will explain how to: reflect on why change is important for your school motivate your teaching staff create the conditions for a whole school change develop practical strategies to make changes long lasting and assess and monitor changes taking place. Providing case studies and examples of school change from leading practitioners throughout, this book is an invaluable guide for all those involved in school leadership, management and change.
Lintukuvaajien matkassa = Out and about with bird photographers. Vol. 2
Experiental education of mathematics : art and games for digital natives
Forms of vitality : exploring dynamic experience in psychology, the arts, psychotherapy, and development
The UFO controller : gestural music performance
Breakfast at Sotheby's : an A-Z of the art world
The contributors to Negotiated Moments explore how subjectivity is formed and expressed through musical improvisation, tracing the ways the transmission and reception of sound occur within and between bodies in real and virtual time and across memory, history, and space. They place the gendered, sexed, raced, classed, disabled, and technologized body at the center of critical improvisation studies and move beyond the field's tendency toward celebrating improvisation's utopian and democratic ideals by highlighting the improvisation of marginalized subjects. Rejecting a singular theory of improvisational agency, the contributors show how improvisation helps people gain hard-won and highly contingent agency. Essays include analyses of the role of the body and technology in performance, improvisation's ability to disrupt power relations, Pauline Oliveros's ideas about listening, flautist Nicole Mitchell's compositions based on Octavia Butler's science fiction, and an interview with Judith Butler about the relationship between her work and improvisation. The contributors' close attention to improvisation provides a touchstone for examining subjectivities and offers ways to hear the full spectrum of ideas that sound out from and resonate within and across bodies.
The use of interactive technology in the arts has changed the audience from viewer to participant and in doing so is transforming the nature of experience. From visual and sound art to performance and gaming, the boundaries of what is possible for creation, curating, production and distribution are continually extending. As a consequence, we need to reconsider the way in which these practices are evaluated. Interactive Experience in the Digital Age explores diverse ways of creating and evaluating interactive digital art through the eyes of the practitioners who are embedding evaluation in their creative process as a way of revealing and enhancing their practice. It draws on research methods from other disciplines such as interaction design, human-computer interaction and practice-based research, and adapts them to develop new strategies and techniques for how we reflect upon and assess value in the creation and experience of interactive art. With contributions from artists, scientists, curators, entrepreneurs and designers engaged in the creative arts, this book is an invaluable resource for both researchers and practitioners, working in this emerging field.
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Subjective Lapponian perceptions : about digital associations and interpretations
ArtBeat
