http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27397 tourism geography
tourism geography
Touring the Middle-earth, the tourist experience : analysis of the TripAdvisor reviews of the Lord of the Rings tour participants
Regions of Finland : Lapland Province, Metropolitan Areas of Finland, Municipalities of Central Finland Region, Municipalities of Central Ostrobothnia Region, Municipalities of Eastern Uusimaa Region, Municipalities of Kainuu Region
The geography of travel and tourism
Tourism geography
Ecotourism potential of Amani Nature Reserve, Tanzania
Italian tourists in Finland : development of tourist flows and destination images of italians
National geographic traveler : e-lehti
Rethinking mass tourism : professional discourses of contemporary mass tourism and destinations
Geography of travel & tourism
Off the map : lost space, feral places and invisible cities and what they tell us about the world
China's splendors
The transformation of a tourist destination : theory and case studies on the production of local geographies in tourism in Finnish Lapland
Speaking of Finland ..
This book examines how the growth of tourism in locations that have historically been considered geographically remote plays a major role in the consolidation and transformation of often longstanding and powerful cultural imaginaries about 'the edges of the world'.
A companion to tourism
Geography and tourism marketing
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Book 1 (modules 1 to 3), Introduction to tourism, Travel geography, Air transport
An introduction to the geography of tourism
Never eat shredded wheat : the geography we've lost and how to find it again
This book provides a study of first time US Yuppie mothers. These women have all followed careers first and have had their children later, in their thirties. The study reveals the images the mothers have of themselves and the ways they feel about motherhood. "Mothers Images of Themselves" provides original and controversial results, which show that the current theories called upon by psychology and feminism are decidedly lacking.
Tourism geography : critical understandings of place, space and experience
Site of Heritage, Scene of Struggle : Street vending in Centro Histórico, Mexico City
In search of the sense of Finnish lakes : a geographical approach to lake tourism marketing
Taking it slow on the Trans-Mongolian railway - or not? : a case study on slow travel and tourist experience
K.B.S. bibliography of standard reference books for Japanese studies : with descriptive notes. Vol. 2, Geography and travel
Christopher Somerville presents the basics of what belongs where in the UK, which counties border one another and what lies beyond the Watford Gap. He reminds us of the watery bits, the lumpy bits and the flat bits of the country, and gets to grips with the smaller islands surrounding Britain.
Worldwide destinations : the geography of travel and tourism
The tourism imaginary and pilgrimages to the edges of the world
The semiotics of heritage tourism
Tourism geography : a new synthesis
How to brand nations, cities and destinations : a planning book for place branding
Geography of travel and tourism
Basic geography for tourism and leisure
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
National geographic traveller : e-lehti
Making a living in the world of tourism : livelihoods in backpacker tourism in urban Indonesia
Travels in paradox : remapping tourism
This book is a fast-paced and thorough re-evaluation of what heritage tourism means to the people who experience it. It draws on contemporary thinking in human geography and heritage studies, and applies it to a sector of tourism that is both pervasive yet poorly researched in terms of the perspective of tourists themselves. In a series of lucid and tightly argued chapters, it traces the use of semiotics as an analytical tool from its theoretical origins in text, through the all-important dynamics of visuality into an expanded realm of feeling and sensuality. Challenging assumptions about the.
Atlas of adventures
Spain is (still) different : tourism and discourse in Spanish identity
Tourism planning : policies, processes and relationships
NGP yearbook 2001
Tourism and dictatorship : Europe's peaceful invasion of Franco's Spain
National geographic traveler : Helsinki
A geography of Finland
Destinations : cultural landscapes of tourism
Selling destinations : geography for the travel professional
Community-based ecotourism as a sustainable development option : case of the Taita Hills, Kenya
Worldwide destinations casebook : the geography of travel and tourism
The economic geography of the tourist industry : a supply-side analysis
On the geographical features of tourism in Finland
The Scandinavian sporting tour : a case study in geographical imagology
History and geography of tourism
A shrinking world? : global uneveness and inequality
An historical geography of recreation and tourism in the western world 1540-1940
City spaces - tourist places : urban tourism precincts
Tourism
National geographic traveler : Espoo
The geography of tourism and recreation : environment, place and space
National atlas of India. Vol. 4, [Population & transport maps]
Travel geography
Tourism and the power of otherness : seductions of difference
Questions of travel : postmodern discourses of displacement
Tourism, geography and nation-building : the identity-political role of Finnish tourism images
Critical issues in tourism : a geographical perspective
Country visions
Tourism today : a geographical analysis
National geographic traveller: e-lehti
Travellers' tales : narratives of home and displacement
Animal encounters as experiences : animal-based tourism in the travel magazine Matkalehti
This book explores the paradoxes of Self-Other relations in the field of tourism. It particularly focuses on the 'power' of different forms of 'Otherness' to seduce and to disrupt, and, eventually, also to renew the social and cosmological orders of 'modern' culture and everyday life. Drawing on a series of ethnographic case studies, the contributors investigate the production, socialisation and symbolic encompassment of different 'Others' as a political and also an economic resource to govern social life in the present. The volume provides a comparative inductive study on the modernist philos.
Britain : The Official Magazine
New Zealand, land of the long white cloud
Leisure/tourism geographies : practices and geographical knowledge
