http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27359 influential cultural figures
influential cultural figures
Digital information culture : the individual and society in the digital age
A critical difference : T.S. Eliot and John Middleton Murry in English literary criticism, 1919-1928
Graf N. P. Rumâncev i ego vremâ = Count Nikolai Rumyantsev and his time
100 faces from Finland : a biographical kaleidoscope
Finnish fingerprints : a hundred years, a hundred stories
Women of distinction : Margaret of York [and] Margaret of Austria
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Our Age : English intellectuals between the world wars - a group portrait
"Toni Morrison, the only living American Nobel laureate in literature, published her first novel in 1970. In the ensuing forty plus years, Morrison's work has become synonymous with the most significant literary art and intellectual engagements of our time. The publication of Home (May 2012), as well as her 2011 play Desdemona affirm the range and acuity of Morrison's imagination. Toni Morrison: Forty Years in The Clearing enables audiences/readers, critics, and students to review Morrison's cultural and literary impacts and to consider the import, and influence of her legacies in her multiple roles as writer, editor, publisher, reader, scholar, artist, and teacher over the last four decades. Some of the highlights of the collection include contributions from many of the major scholars of Morrison's canon: as well as art pieces, music, photographs and commentary from poets, Nikki Giovanni and Sonia Sanchez; novelist, A.J. Verdelle; playwright, Lydia Diamond; composer, Richard Danielpour; photographer, Timothy Greenfield-Sanders; the first published interview with Morrison's friends from Howard University, Florence Ladd and Mary Wilburn; and commentary from President Barack Obama. What distinguishes this book from the many other publications that engage Morrison's work is that the collection is not exclusively a work of critical interpretation or reference. This is the first publication to contextualize and to consider the interdisciplinary, artistic, and intellectual impacts of Toni Morrison using the formal fluidity and dynamism that characterize her work. This book adopts Morrison's metaphor as articulated in her Pulitzer-Prize winning novel, Beloved. The narrative describes the clearing as "...a wide-open place cut deep in the woods nobody knew for what...In the heat of every Saturday afternoon, she sat in the clearing while the people waited among the trees." Morrison's Clearing is a complicated and dynamic space. Like the intricacies of Morrison's intellectual and artistic voyages, the Clearing is both verdant and deadly, a sanctuary and a prison. Morrison's vision invites consideration of these complexities and confronts these most basic human conundrums with courage, resolve and grace. This collection attempts to reproduce the character and spirit of this metaphorical terrain."--Publisher's website.
Vladimir Sangi : klassik nivhskoj literatury, k 80-letiû pisatelâ = Vladimir Sangi : a patriarch of Nivkh literature, 80th anniversary = Vladimir Sangi : l'auteur classiquee de la littérature Nivkh, a 80 ans
City atlas : travel the world with 30 city maps
Yeats is usually seen as a great modernist innovator. This book goes against the grain to explore the Irish literary traditions that preceded and influenced him--romantic 'national tales' in post-Union Ireland, the poetry and polemic of the Young Ireland movement, the occult novels of Sheridan LeFanu, and William Carleton's 'peasant fictions'.
Words alone : Yeats and his inheritances
Walter Benjamin : a critical life
Reformers, critics, and the paths of German modernity : anti-politics and the search for alternatives, 1890-1914
Black folklore and the politics of racial representation
Turn on, tune in, drop out
New makers of modern culture
The legacy of Efua Sutherland : Pan-African cultural activism
Rediscovering the ancient world on the Bay of Naples, 1710-1890
William Morris and the idea of community : romance, history and propaganda, 1880-1914
Berlin : imagine a city
Germaine de Staël : forging a politics of mediation
New makers of modern culture. 2, L-Z
"Before the innovative work of Zora Neale Hurston, folklorists from the Hampton Institute collected, studied, and wrote about African American folklore. Like Hurston, these folklorists worked within but also beyond the bounds of white mainstream institutions. They often called into question the meaning of the very folklore projects in which they were engaged. Shirley Moddy-Turner analyzes this output, along with the contributions of a disparate group of African American authors and scholars. She explores how black authors and folklorists were active participants--rather than passive observers--in conversations about the politics of representing black folklore. Examining literary texts, folklore documents, and cultural performances, legal discourse, and political rhetoric, Black Folklore and the Politics of Racial Representation demonstrates how folklore studies became a battleground across which issues of racial identity and difference were asserted and debated at the turn of the twentieth century. The study is framed by two questions of historical and continuing import. What role have representations of black folklore played in constructing racial identity? And, how have those ideas impacted the way African Americans think about and creatively engage black traditions? Moody-Turner renders established historical facts in a new light and context, taking figures we thought we knew--such as Charles Chesnutt, Anna Julia Cooper, and paul Laurence Dunbar--and recasting their place in African American intellectual and cultural history" --
Toni Morrison : forty years in the clearing
Politics, performance and popular culture : theatre and society in nineteenth-century Britain
How the French think : an affectionate portrait of an intellectual people
In Montmartre : Picasso, Matisse and modernism in Paris 1900-1910
Gramsci, culture and anthropology
Stranger than we can imagine : making sense of the twentieth century
Eminent Edwardians
