http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27394 evidence-based practices
evidence-based practices
Orthopedic physical examination tests : an evidence-based approach
Evidence-based programming language design : a philosophical and methodological exploration
Skills for using theory in social work : 32 lessons for evidence-informed practice
The journey of evidence synthesis
The convergence of two complementary agendas motivated collaboration between two universities (in Zambia and Finland) to establish the Centre for the Promotion of Literacy in Sub-Saharan Africa (CAPOLSA), focused on initial literacy learning in indigenous languages. The project's mandate and activities are closely related to Zambia's national context of literacy and educational provision, emerging trends in information and communication technology, and the University of Zambia's institutional context of research and development on literacy, child development, and education. CAPOLSA has afforded opportunities for enhancing the working relations between the national university and government and for contributing to the development of institutional linkages and consultative forums. Collaboration between various disciplines, institutions, and economic sectors characterizes CAPOLSA's activities. Important areas of progress envisaged include institutional development, growth of a sustainable community of researchers whose collective efforts will increase the scale of Africa's contribution to international knowledge, and evidence-based planning at the interface between humans and technology.
"Using theory, research evidence and experiential knowledge is a critical component of good social work. This unique text is designed to help social work students and practitioners to integrate theorizing into practice, demonstrating how to search for, select and translate academic knowledge for practical use in helping people improve their lives and environments. Presenting 32 core skills, Skills for Using Theory in Social Work provides a conceptual foundation, a vocabulary, and a set of skills to aid competent social work theorizing. Each chapter outlines the knowledge and action components of the skill and its relationship to core practice behaviours, along with learning and reflection activities. The lessons are divided into four parts: Section one discusses foundational material, including self-identification as a theorist-practitioner, the deliberate use of the term theory, and a social work approach to the selection of knowledge. Section two focuses on the adept use of theorizing skills. It covers identifying assumptions, using concepts, formulating propositions, organizing theory elements inductively or deductively, summarizing and displaying the elements of a theory, gathering and organizing assessment information and communicating with clients and colleagues about tentative theories. Section three includes lessons preparing social workers for the construction of useful middle-range theories including causal theories and interpretive theories and for testing and sharing these practical theories. Section four presents skills to develop critical thinking about theoretical knowledge. These include avoiding the misuse of theory, judging a theory using scientific standards, judging a theory by professional standards, critiquing theory in its cultural and historical context and making judgments about the likely long-term impact of a theory. This key text will help readers to demonstrate their expertise in reflect" -- (takakansi)
Covering the full range of rehabilitation research with a clear, easy-to-understand approach, this resource will help you analyze and apply research to practice. Rehabilitation Research: Principles and Applications examines traditional experimental designs as well as nonexperimental and emerging approaches, including qualitative research, single-system design, outcomes research, and survey research. Clinical case studies and references will enhance your skills as a scientist-practitioner. Written by noted educators Russell Carter and Jay Lubinsky, this book emphasizes evidence-based practice within physical therapy, occupational therapy, and other rehabilitation professions.
"Physical Therapy Management of Patients with Spinal Pain: An Evidence-Based Approach is an essential reference text to stay in stride with the recent health care education trend of evidence-based practice. The use of clinical data supported by external research provides an increased likelihood of successful client treatment, ultimately leading to improved patient quality of life. Drs. Stetts and Carpenter evaluate research in spinal pain and present their findings in a format that allows for easy transition from the text to actual clinical cases. Each chapter outlines history, examination, diagnosis, management guidelines, and case studies. The combination of a text, along with video clips provides physical therapy students and clinicians with the latest evidence-based research in spinal pain and the tools to put these findings into practice. Additionally, Physical Therapy Management of Patients with Spinal Pain: An Evidence-Based Approach provides easy access to its companion website containing narrated video content"--Provided by publisher.
Rehabilitation goal setting : theory, practice, and evidence
Planning health promotion programs : an intervention mapping approach
Essential skills of social work practice : assessment, intervention, evaluation
Evidence-based imaging
Being evidence based in library and information practice
Evidence-based public management : practices, issues, and prospects
Evidence-based teaching in nursing : a foundation for educators
Martyn Hammersley's provocative new text interrogates the complex relationship between research, policymaking and practice, against the background of the evidence-based practice movement. Addressing a series of probing questions, this book reflects on the challenge posed by the idea that social research can directly serve policymaking and practice. Key questions explored include: - Is scientific research evidence-based? - What counts as evidence for evidence-based practice? - Is social measurement possible, and is it necessary? - What are the criteria by which qualitative research should be judged? The book also discusses the case for action research, the nature of systematic reviews, proposals for interpretive reviews, and the process of qualitative synthesis. Highly readable and undeniably relevant, this book is a valuable resource for both academics and professionals involved with research.
Dental hygiene : theory and practice
'This is essential reading for anyone interested in how evidence and policy interact in the real world. Paul Cairney plots an entertaining course outlining the main debates of the evidence-based policy movement, drawing on up-to-date research and fascinating case studies to show what can realistically be expected of science, and of policy. Full of succinct overviews of theoretical and empirical research, this is where I'll be sending students and colleagues for an informative read.'- Dr Kathryn Oliver, University of Oxford, UK 'How can policymaking make best use of evidence? We expect policymakers to follow a transparent and systematic process, and scientists to understand that actors use evidence selectively in a politically heated debate. Cairney helps us appreciate these challenges, explaining how policymakers understand and use evidence, and inviting scientists to reflect on how they can be effective in that context.'- Professor Brian Head FASSA, The University of Queensland, Australia 'If you're interested in evidence-based policy making (EBPM) then this is a must read. In this persuasive and highly readable book, Paul Cairney draws insights from policy theory to articulate a pragmatic view of EBPM, where scientific evidence is just one of the resources used by the many actors involved in the political systems which shape policy. He demonstrates why scientists need to adapt to the demands of real world policymaking rather than hanker after an unrealistic (and undesirable) scenario where policymaking is less messy and scientific evidence plays a more decisive role. He provides helpful guidance for scientists on how they can adapt and engage with real world policy making and delivery.'- Professor Sandra Nutley, University of St Andrews, UK The Politics of Evidence Based Policymaking identifies how to work with policymakers to maximize the use of scientific evidence. Policymakers cannot consider all evidence relevant to policy problems. They use two shortcuts: 'rational' ways to gather enough evidence, and 'irrational' decision-making, drawing on emotions, beliefs, and habits. Most scientific studies focus on the former. They identify uncertainty when policymakers have incomplete evidence, and try to solve it by improving the supply of information. They do not respond to ambiguity, or the potential for policymakers to understand problems in very different ways. A good strategy requires advocates to be persuasive: forming coalitions with like-minded actors, and accompanying evidence with simple stories to exploit the emotional or ideological biases of policymakers. Paul Cairney is Professor of Politics and Public Policy, University of Stirling. His research interests are in comparative public policy, including: comparisons of policy theories (Understanding Public Policy, 2012); outcomes in different countries (Global Tobacco Control, 2012), and UK and devolved policymaking (Scottish Politics, 2013).
The myth of research-based policy & practice
Physical therapy management of patients with spinal pain : an evidence-based approach
"In this book, an array of legal, biomedical, psychosocial, and social science scholars and practitioners offer the first comparative account of the increasing dependence on expertise in the asylum and refugee status determination process. This volume presents a comprehensive study of the relevance of experts, as mediators of culture, who are called upon to corroborate, substantiate credibility, and serve as translators in the face of confusing legal standards that require proof of new forms and reasons for persecution around the globe. The authors draw upon their interactions with expertise and the immigration process to provide insights into the evidentiary burdens on asylum seekers and the expanding role of expertise in the forms of country-conditions reports, biomedical and psychiatric evaluations, and the emerging field of forensic linguistic analysis in response to emerging forms of persecution, such as gender-based or sexuality-based persecution. This book is essential reading for both scholars interested in the production of knowledge and clinicians considering the role of experts as mediators of asylum claims"--
Guide to evidence-based physical therapist practice
Stroke rehabilitation : a function-based approach
The scientist-practitioner gap and evidence-based practice within psychology : a survey among clinical psychologists in Finland
A beginner's guide to evidence-based practice in health and social care professions
Value of occupational therapy : about evidence-based occupational therapy
Rehabilitation research : principles and applications
The evidence-based internship : a field manual
Evidence-based education in the health professions : promoting best practice in the learning and teaching of students
Exercise science practitioners have access to a vast amount of research findings, expert opinions, novel techniques and programme plans and must sift through this information and retain only the best to form a sound base of knowledge. Evidence-Based Practice in Exercise Science equips readers with the basic skills and competencies for discerning the value of scientific research. Using a methodical approach, students and professionals will learn to identify appropriate evidence to support novel interventions and avoid counterproductive or dangerous information to eliminate ineffective exercise options.
The extent of empirical evidence that could inform evidence-based design of programming languages : a systematic mapping study
Evidence-based practice in nursing & healthcare : a guide to best practice
Evidence-based practice in nursing
"Evidence-based education is an attempt to find, critique and implement the highest quality research evidence that underpins the education provided to students. This comprehensive book presents concepts key to evidence-based education, learning and teaching, analysing a wide range of allied health professions in depth. It introduces unique, inspirational practice models, ideal for practical application, and highlights ways in which healthcare educators can make use of existing education-related research to improve their teaching and also generate learning environments to promote optimal student experiences. Whilst fostering knowledge and understanding between various health professions, it also improves student outcomes and increases student satisfaction. This edited text is an invaluable resource for healthcare professionals along with experienced clinical and university-based educators such as practice education supervisors, academic educators, educational researchers and doctoral students in a range of areas including nursing, midwifery, physiotherapy, radiography, occupational therapy, speech therapy, audiology, paramedics, nutrition and dietetics, and pharmacy who want to ensure their teaching and learning strategies are underpinned by sound empirical evidence." --
"This text provides readers with the information and tools needed to understand what constitutes evidence, search efficiently for applicable evidence in the literature, evaluate the findings in the literature, and integrate the evidence with clinical judgment and individual patient preferences and values. Students will learn how evaluate research designs, appraise evidence, and apply research in clinical practice"--Provided by publisher.
Evidence-based practices in special education : putting it all together
Evidence-based practices in special education : some practical considerations
The Routledge international handbook of teacher and school development
The politics of evidence-based policy making
Manual therapy for musculoskeletal pain syndromes : an evidence- and clinical-informed approach
What works in offender compliance? : international perspectives and evidence-based practice
Evidence-based practice in exercise science : the six-step approach
Interprofessional rehabilitation : a person-centred approach
Evidence-based therapeutic massage : a practical guide for therapists
Promotion of Literacy in Sub-Saharan Africa: Goals and Prospects of CAPOLSA at the University of Zambia
Assessing evidence to improve population health and wellbeing
Developmental psychology for the helping professions : evidence-based practice in health and social care
Adjudicating refugee and asylum status : the role of witness, expertise, and testimony
