http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2738 illustrations (cultural objects)
illustrations (cultural objects)
Science illustrated. 2, Reptiles, amphibians, fishes, men, vechiles, materials, space
Jackets required
Abstract.
Japanese book illustration
Thousands of words : a comparative study on the functions of pictorial illustrations in English language textbooks
Dialogue between research and artistic work in writing a children's book
Picture this : how pictures work
Gender equity and ethnic diversity in textbook illustrations
The illustration of books
The golden age of English manuscript painting : 1200 - 1500
Illustrated children's books
17. Mezinárodní bienále grafického designu Brno 1996 : Ilustrace, typografie a písmo v knihách, casopisech a novinách : Illustration, typography and type in books, magazines and newspapers = International biennial of graphic design Brno 1996
A history of children's book illustration
Images of the other in Finnish primary school geography books
The Fantacy Illustrator's Technique Book : From creating characters to selling your work, learn the skill of the professional fantacy artist
Illustrated encyclopedia of cryptozoology: the creation process
Illustrators. 37, Thirty seventh annual of American illustration
The illuminated manuscript
Private eye : bumper book of covers
THE RESCUE IN WILD BOAR FOREST
Once upon a time ... : a treasury of classic fairy tale illustrations
West of the mountains, east of the sea ; the map of Tolkien's Beleriand
Making mischief : A Maurice Sendak appreciation
More fantasy art masters : the best fantasy and science fiction artists show how they work
The artist's way workbook
Crumble crackle burn : 120 stunning textures for design and illustration
The lighter side of Sherlock Holmes : humorous artwork by Norman Schatell
The look of love : romantic illustration through the ages
"Martha Wells expands her world of the Raksura with the start of a brand new Three Worlds series. An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil. Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it. The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger"--
A treasury of children's book illustrators
Realms of fantasy : [an illustrated exploration of ten of the most famous worlds in fantasy fiction]
TRAPPED AT WHITE TIGER SANCTUM
The sky : the art of Final fantasy VII-X. 1997-2001
1000 portrait illustrations : contemporary illustration from pencil to digital
Maurice Sendak : a celebration of the artist and his work
Images : illustration & conceptual art
Apollinaire
The dangerous life in Moominvalley : 1 March - 12 October 1997
Animating with Blender : how to create short animations from start to finish
Illustrators. 47, The Society of Illustrator's 47th annual of American illustration
Swedish illustration [2]
Tenggren's cowboys and indians
Dream makers : six fantasy artists at work
The edge of worlds
Calligraphy : from calligraphy to abstract painting
Imagination and the imaginary
23. Mezinárodní bienále grafického designu Brno 2008 : Grafický design, ilustrace a písmo v knihách, časopisech, novinách a digitálních médiích : Graphic design, illustration and type in books, magazines, newspapers and digital media = 23rd International biennial of graphic design in Brno 2008
This article advocates a reassessment of imagination in the study of oral poetry, theorizing imagination as a tool for research. It addresses imagination's role in constructing unseen worlds through oral poetry, which dialogically  structures understandings of the experiential world. It argues for a unified approach to imagination operating in mythic and other discourses. Kalevala-metre poetry provides an illustrative case..
White Space Is Not Your Enemy : A Beginner's Guide to Communicating Visually Through Graphic, Web & Multimedia Design
The illustrations of the Utrecht Psalter
Brno Echo : ornament a zločin od Adolfa Loose k dnešku : [23. mezinárodní bienále grafického designu Brno 2008 = 23rd International biennial of graphic design Brno 2008 = Brno Echo : ornament and crime from Adolf Loos to now
The illustration of The Heavenly Ladder of John Climacus
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Alberto Vargas : works from the Max Vargas collection
It's a matter of illustration
Beatrix Potter : her inner world
The art of humorous illustration
About time : a visual memoir around the clock
A masterpiece reconstructed : the Hours of Louis XII
Walk two moons
The complete encyclopedia of illustration
MONKEY SUBDUES THE WHITE-BONE DEMON
Dracopedia : the bestiary : an artist's guide to creating mythical creatures
Renaissance manuscripts : the sixteenth century. Volume two, Catalogue & index
Thirty centuries of graphic design
Botanical riches : stories of botanical exploration
Norman Rockwell's chronicles of America
A Bunch of Bears and Some Girl : A Character Poster Series Based on the Present Day
The sky : the art of Final fantasy I-III. 1987-1990
Using animation to illustrate a storybook
A history of book illustration : the illuminated manuskript and the printed book
We are made in Italy
An introduction to illustration
The utter zoo alphabet : a book of postcards
Alchemy : the art and craft of illustration
The big book contemporary illustration
Imaginary creatures : The library on display
Α motor creativity intervention in the Greek early childhood education settings: effects on beliefs about health
Pandora hearts : odds and ends
Illustrated encyclopedia of cryptozoology : the creation process
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
The art of Nausicaa ̈of the Valley of the Wind : watercolor impressions
Meggs' history of graphic design
Blake's illustrations to The Divine Comedy
Fantasy art now : the very best in contemporary art & illustration
The other print tradition : essays on chapbooks, broadsides, and related ephemera
Illuminated manuscripts
Illustrators in & out : what moves them and how they move art
Masters of science fiction and fantasy art : a collection of the most inspiring science fiction, fantasy, and gaming illustrators in the world
The Joshua roll : a work of the Macedonian Renaissance
Vuoden huiput 1999 = [the best of the year 1999]
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
Swami on Rye : Max in India
The Christmas book
The illustrated book, its art and craft
Artists in crime : an illustrated survey of crime fiction first edition dustwrappers, 1920-1970
Lost worlds
Commissioning illustration
FAIRY TALES AND FANTASIES IN ILLUSTRATION 2
Innovators of American illustration
Knightsbridge : the art of Keith Parkinson
Illustrated books from the XV to the XIX century : illuminated mediaeval manuscripts and miniatures
Jewish book art between Islam and Christianity : the decoration of Hebrew bibles in medieval Spain
1 x 1 : pixel-based illustration & design
Popularizing Roma capitale : representations of a royal Rome in the pages of L'Illustrazione Italiana in the late 19th century
Beatrix Potter : artist, storyteller and countrywoman
Illustrations of fruit & vegetables
A history of book illustration : the illuminated manuscript and the printed book
Old-time circus cuts : a pictorial archive of 202 illustrations
A Tolkien tapestry : pictures to accompany The lord of the rings
Fantasy : book illustration 1860-1920
From Mother Goose to Dr. Seuss : children's book covers 1860-1960
The concept of the imaginary is pervasive within contemporary thought, yet can be a baffling and often controversial term. In Imagination and the Imaginary, Kathleen Lennon explores the links between imagination - regarded as the faculty of creating images or forms - and the imaginary, which links such imagery with affect or emotion and captures the significance which the world carries for us. Beginning with an examination of contrasting theories of imagination proposed by Hume and Kant, Lennon argues that the imaginary is not something in opposition to the real, but the very faculty through which the world is made real to us. She then turns to the vexed relationship between perception and imagination and, drawing on Kant, Merleau-Ponty and Sartre, explores some fundamental questions, such as whether there is a distinction between the perceived and the imagined; the relationship between imagination and creativity; and the role of the body in perception and imagination. Invoking also Spinoza and Coleridge, Lennon argues that, far from being a realm of illusion, the imaginary world is our most direct mode of perception. She then explores the role the imaginary plays in the formation of the self and the social world. A unique feature of the volume is that it compares and contrasts a philosophical tradition of thinking about the imagination - running from Kant and Hume to Strawson and John McDowell - with the work of phenomenological, psychoanalytic, poststructuralist and feminist thinkers such as Merleau-Ponty, Sartre, Lacan, Castoriadis, Irigaray, Gatens and Lloyd.
Davidson on Rorty's postmetaphysical critique of intentionalism
THE REAL AND YHE FAKE MONKEY
Guide to imagework : imagination-based research methods
Ways of the illustrator : visual communication in children's literature
The bird king and other sketches
Cats in books : a celebration of cat illustration through the ages
A compendium of illustrations
Mediaeval book illumination in Europe : with 96 colour plates and 64 monochrome plates
The society of illustrators : 46th annual of American illustration : SI 46 : from the exhibition held in the galleries of the Museum of American illustration at the Society of illustrators 128 East 63rd street, New York City February 4 - May 1, 2004
DC Comics covergirls
Infinite worlds : the fantastic visions of science fiction art
Picturing the otherworld : imagination in the study of oral poetry
Beautiful wildflowers : a garland of american wildflowers
"An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil.  Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it.  The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger. "--
The history of the illustrated book : the Western tradition
The art of John Harris : beyond the horizon
Realms of Tolkien : images of Middle-Earth
Hellboy : the first 20 years
The art of architectural illustration
Abstract: Bottlenecks in Knitwear and Knitted Bottlenecks, Knitwear Pro-duction with 3D technology in Finland. The objective of this research was to look into integrated seamless knitwear production, also known as 3D. The latest developments in knitwear production like 3D were supposed to change the whole industry but nevertheless changes are happening slowly. As a tech-nique, it is unique in clothing production while the machine can knit a complete sweater in less than an hour. The integral knitting technique to make seamless knitwear has many advantages but also some obstacles and limitations and in this research, those will be looked at more carefully. This was carried out as an action research by co-operating with one local producer Kutomo Holopainen in Finland by investigating knitting samples and prototypes and testing the possibilities with 3D.  There is a very limited amount of garment production left in Europe and in Finland. New 3D production methods and printers are expected to bring industries and jobs back from the Far East and, therefore, the reasons for global sourcing and also future scenarios are discussed for textile and fashion industry for the EU by 2020.  The focus will be on the design of the products together with the 3D production. Good de-sign should not only help selling the products but in this case also saves time and money in production. The production is run by a technician and one of the challenges is to have good communication between the technician and the designer. Knitwear together with 3D production should give excellent opportunities in finding interesting solutions in both what comes to the look of the products and the manufacturing.
Rare & old : basic knowledge of illumination- and illustration materials and techniques for the valuation of rare old books
Practical picture research : a guide to current practice, procedure, techniques, and resources
Children's book illustration : step by step techniques : a unique guide from the masters
Bottlenecks in Knitwear and Knitted Bottlenecks : Knitwear Production with 3D Technology in Finland
The story of Beatrix Potter
The art of drawing dragons, mythological beasts and fantasy creatures : [discover step-by-step techniques for drawing fantastic creatures of folklore and legend]
The new guide to illustration
The art of tasha tudor
New media showcase 7
Vuoden huiput 2001 = [The best of the year 2001]
The print casebooks : the best in covers : first annual edition
How to write & illustrate a scientific paper
Visions of space
Summary.
The art of Discworld
Using Reference in Creating a Digital Painting
From the trailblazing Wonder Woman of the 1940s to edgy, girl-power-driven comics series like Birds of Prey, DC Comics Covergirls takes a look at the female characters of DC Comics throughout the company's history, and features many of DC Comics' iconic comic book covers. Written by comic book writer Louise Simonson, the book examines the evolution of the comic book women of DC Comics: the 1942 introduction of the most famous DC heroine, Wonder Woman, and her various incarnations up to the present; the creation of comic book spin-offs based on characters such as Lois Lane; and the recent wealth of fierce, female character-driven comics such as Supergirl, Birds of Prey, Batgirl, and Catwoman, featuring women who have no trouble being both sexy and strong-willed. Famous featured DC Comics artists include Jim Lee, Alex Ross, Adam Hughes, J. Scott Campbell, Michael Turner, Tim Sale, and Jill Thompson.
The illuminated page : ten centuries of manuscript painting in the British library
Ornamentation and illustrations from the Kelmscott Chauser
Quentin Blake's ABC
200 decorative title-pages : an anthology of copyright-free illustrations for artists and designers
The shepherd's crown
Buchillustrationen : eine Sammlung aus acht Jahrhunderten = Book illustrations : a collection from eight centuries
Grimm : the illustrated fairy tales of the brothers Grimm
Yuri Vasnetsov : paintings, drawings, watercolours, book illustrations, lithograhs, theatrical designs, porcelain
Sketches from a nameless land : the art of The arrival
The bears' famous invasion of Sicily
One hundred years of science fiction illustration, 1840-1940
DragonWorld : 120 dragons with advice and inspiration from 49 international artists
The sequence of English Medieval art : illustrated chiefly from illuminated MSS, 650-1450
Phiz : illustrations from the novels of Charles Dickens
The strange library
The sky : the art of Final fantasy IV-VI. 1991-1994
Illustrators 18 : the eighteenth annual national exhibition of illustration held in the galleries of the Society of Illustrators, 128 East 63rd street, New York, February 11 through April 15, 1976.
The singing bones : art inspired by Grimms' fairy tales
Illustrated history of landscape design
The art of Dragon Age : Inquisition
In search of food, Leander, King of the Bears, leads his subjects from their safe caves in the mountains of Sicily to the valley where they triumph over many enemies.
Fantasy workshop : a practical guide
