http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2737 caricatures
caricatures
Unnatural selections : A Far Side Collection
One hundred caricatures from Simplicissimus 1896-1914
The Jaguar trivia book
David Shrigley
Edmund Burke : a life in caricature
Competing eyes : visual encounters with alterity in Central and Eastern Europe
Learn to draw caricatures : everything you need to know to get started
How to draw caricatures
Modern caricaturists
THE COMPLETE BOOK OF CARICATURE
Cartooning the head & figure
Defining John Bull : political caricature and national identity in late Georgian England
The art of humorous illustration
Firsts for Finland
Heckling Hitler : caricatures of the Third Reich
Weapons of mass defamation : aspects of the 2006 'Cartoon Crisis'
Comic art in Africa, Asia, Australia, and Latin America : a comprehensive, international bibliography
Simon's cat in kitten chaos : book 3
The history of the comic strip. [Vol. 2], The nineteenth century
Naera, pajats! : šarže estoonlastest = GAT "Èstoniâ" 75 let. Družeskie šarži = 75th anniversary of the "Estonia" Theatre. Cartoons
The Christmas street and other cartoons
Rude Britannia : British comic art
Pulitzer prize cartoons : the men and their masterpieces
The chickens are restless : a far side collection
Rowlandson the caricaturist : a selection from his works with anecdotal descriptions of his famous caricatures : a sketch of his life, times, and contemporaries. 2
Cartoon fables : animal symbolism in Kukryniksy's Pravda political cartoons, 1965-1982
Giles : a life in cartoons : the authorised biography of Britain's leading cartoonist
Architecture A to Z : a rough guide
How to draw caricatures : [master the fine art of drawing parodies, including poses & expressions]
The Far Side Observer
John Leech's pictures of life and character
Completely Mad : a history of the comic book and magazine
Great cartoons of the world. Seventh series
Why we got the sack from the museum
Flannery O'Connor : the cartoons
Drawn from memory : containing many of the author's famous cartoons and sketches
Junk feminism and nuclear wannabes : collaging parodies of Iran and North Korea
All the views fit to print : changing images of the U.S. in Pravda political cartoons, 1917-1991
Illustrated thoughts
An introduction to caricature
The Spectator cartoon book
The joy of work : Dilbert's guide to finding happiness at the expense of your co-workers
The savage mirror : the art of contemporary caricature
This was the five-year war that made America a nation. Indeed President Barack Obama referred to it in his Inaugural Address; and every American child is steeped in its history. But all too often the fog of myth shrouds the reality from all sides of the conflict. In these pages, the path to war is starkly documented by British caricatures of politicians and generals, for the most part favourable to the Colonists. For George III, Lord North and Britain the war itself was a disaster, but one which need not have happened. The problem of coping with a country 5,000 miles away with a tradition of representative government, a free press and a spirit of independence were just too much. But they, together with Generals Howe, Burgoyne, Cornwallis and others, were mercilessly lampooned. Washington, the hero, is spared, although there are surprising and dark elements to the American victory illustrated here. Kenneth Baker has used contemporary material, not the romantic patriotic pictures of the 19th Century. He has drawn upon his own experiences of high politics, and his personal collection of caricatures, as well as the libraries and historical societies of the East Coast. These provide vivid and memorable images made at the very time that the Americans and French were fighting the British and Germans on their road to victory.
Caricature and the cartoonist
One hundred caricatures from Simplicissimus : 1896-1914 : an exhibition of the Goethe-Institut
Oružie kontrpropagandy = A weapon of counterpropaganda
W.S.C. : a cartoon biography
Su šypsena - apie Lietuva̧ ir Europos sa̧junga̧. : Karikatūru̧ katalogas = Smiling about Lithuania and the European Union. Cartoons catalogue
The spectator cartoon book
Pingvı̄nu un kvaukšk̦u rokasgrāmata = A handbook for penguins and yappers
Grin and bear it
Gahan Wilson's Out there
Pastors on the new continent in socialist caricatures
Hound of the Far Side
John Heartfield : laughter is a devastating weapon : his original photomontages and printed matter from the Akademie der Künste Berlin and the David King Collection at Tate Modern
The world of Chas Addams
Ohoh! sanoi torni = [Hoppsan! sa tornet = Oops! said the tower = Oho! sagte der Turm = Oh! skazala bašnâ]̂
French satirical drawings from "L'Assiette au beurre"
George Cruikshank : London, Victoria and Albert Museum 28 February-28 April 1974 : Edinburgh, Scottish Arts Council Gallery 18 May-16 June : Newcastle upon Tyne, Laing Art Gallery 22 June-14 July : Bolton, Museum and Art Gallery 20 July-10 August : Swindon, Museum and Art Gallery 17 August-8 September
The punch book of dogs
Drawing cartoons & comics for dummies
Revisiting the Turkish migration to Germany after forty years
You can tell your kid will grow up to be a librarian when... : cartoons about the profession
The bumper book of bunny suicides
"Born in Berlin in 1891, John Heartfield, along with George Grosz, is widely considered to have invented photomontage, a technique of cutting up and manipulating photographs. During the 1930s Heartfield produced some of the most visually arresting and politically hard-hitting artwork of the twentieth century, appropriating the widely circulated propaganda of the time to create a biting critique of contemporary politics. This lavishly illustrated, large-format survey of his work, the most authoritative yet published, draws on the superlative collections of the Academie der Kunst, Berlin, and the David King collection at Tate Modern. Including more than 150 full-colour reproductions of Heartfield's powerful work, both in its original and printed forms, as well as documentary photographs and recollections from Heartfield's surviving family members, the book features a lively introduction by David King, as well as illuminating short texts on many of the works. Heartfield's astonishing visual broadsides, aimed at the abuse and misuse of power, and part of his lifelong wish to create a fairer and more peaceful world, are every bit as relevant and cutting-edge today as when they were first published."--Publisher's description.
From still life to the screen : print culture, display, and the materiality of the image in eighteenth-century London
Dawn of the bunny suicides
THE NEW YORKER CARTOON ALBUM 1975-1985
The cartoon history of the United States
Pollution in Soviet Russia and counties occupied and exploited by Russia, especially in Latvia and Ukraine
The Far Side gallery. 5
Cartoons from punch
The tyranny of silence : how one cartoon ignited a global debate on the future of free speech
Cartoons from Punch
George IV : a life in caricature
Seeing satire in the eighteenth century
The Addams family album
Trajno prošlo vreme : hronologija 1990-2001 = The Past continuous tense : hronology 1990-2001
One hundred caricatures from Simplicissimus 1896-1914 : an exhibition of the Goethe-Institut
The Far Side
The cartoonist's bible
It's not my heiniä : 50 Finnish idioms in English and Finnish
Kuka keksi aamun? : sikologiaa : piggylogy = Who invented the morning?
Odd trumps : pop culture gone weird
The efflorescence of caricature, 1759-1838
The Labour Party
The far side gallery 4.
Comic art of the United States through 2000, animation and cartoons : an international bibliography
How to be a cartoonist ; How to be a super cartoonist
Why unicorn drinks
William Hogarth
The comic art of war : a critical study of military cartoons, 1805-2014, with a guide to artists
The beginning of the 21st century has witnessed distinctive examples of a global politicized Islam: Islamic controversies originating in the actions of non-Muslims. The most important of these has been the 'cartoon crisis', originating in the cartoons of Mohammad published by the Danish Jyllands-Posten . The article describes and analyzes the reactions of Muslims as they developed in the context of the cartoon crisis. The significance of the Islamic public sphere in understanding the crisis is discussed in theoretical terms. It is argued that the crisis demonstrated the significance of a mass effect as a prducer of global Islam, of the struggle for control of public sphere, and of the creation of counter-publics. The analysis deals with the nature of the political activity connected to the crisis. Themes discussed in the article include the politics of recognition, community victimization, the principle of collective responsibility, and processual politics.
How to create crazy cartoon characters
Rowlandson the caricaturist : a selection from his works with anecdotal descriptions of his famous caricatures : a sketch of his life, times, and contemporaries. 1
Last chapter and worse : a Far Side collection
Cartoon workshop : how to create humour
The art of caricature
Dogbert's top secret management handbook
Sorry, sir
How to draw cartoons for comic strips
The Punch Book of Dogs
Superportraits : caricatures and recognition
The Hoffnung companion to music in alphabetical order
Beyond the Far Side
The satirical etchings of James Gillray
An introduction to caricature / Lionel Lambourne
St Trinian's : the cartoons
Daily sketches : a cartoon history of twentieth century Britain
Transmutations : understanding literary and pictorial caricature
The cartoon : a short history of graphic comedy and satire
Subversion and scurrility : popular discourse in Europe from 1500 to the present
The Hoffnung music festival
Glasnost is coming
Tallinlane naerab : karikatuurid = Tallinncy ulybaûtsâ : karikatury = The smiles of Tallinn : cartoons
A history of caricature et grotesque in literature and art
The so called 'cartoon crisis' that arose in the wake of the publication of twelve satirical drawings of the Prophet Muhammad has been discussed in numerous ways. So far, however, the debate has not included a deeper analysis of why the desecration of Islam's prophet ignited such a response. Contrary to the claims of Islamic dogmaticism, the attributions regarding Muhammad's properties as a human being in Islamic culture in certain ways supersedes the cult for Allah. Muhammad is perceived as the perfect human being, and everything good about humanity consequently has Muhammad at its root. The disfavouring of Muhammad therefore is the disfavouring of any Muslim and of humanity as such. The article argues that the cartoons were interpreted more than anything else as a mockery of human dignity, and that the response was in defense of that rather than of Islamic dogmaticism.
THE COMPLETE BOOK OF HUMOROUS ART
The best of Punch cartoons
Between the wars 1919-1939 : the cartoonists' vision
Confessions of a european intellectual
The spectacle of difference : graphic satire in the age of Hogarth
Wildlife preserves
Punch
Drawing caricatures
George Washington's war in caricature and print
Yorkshire pudding 'n' all that tripe
A history of caricature
Pick of Punch
Censorship of political caricature in nineteenth-century France
For military cartoonists the absurdity of war inspires a laugh-or-cry response and provides an endless source of un-funny amusement. Cartoons by hundreds of artists-at-arms from more than a dozen countries and spanning two centuries are included in this study—the first to consider such a broad range of military comics. War and military life are examined through the inside jokes of the men and women who served. The author analyzes themes of culture, hierarchy, enemies and allies, geography, sexuality, combat, and civilian relations and describes how comics function within a community. A number of artists included were known for their work with Disney, Marvel Comics, the New Yorker and Madison Avenue but many lesser known artists are recognized.
Piggy foxy and the sword of revolution : bolshevik self-portraits
A Star is Born? : Juha Kosonen a presentation
"Obcy i niemili" : antysemickie rysunki z prasy polskiej 1919-1939 = "Alien and unpleasant": antisemic drawings from the Polish press 1919-1939
Globalized Islam in Europe: the cartoon crisis as transnational politics
Us & them : what the Americans think of the British : what the British think of the Americans
Polish humour
The art humorous illustration
