http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27310 gamification
gamification
”Monitoimisuus haastaa koulutuksen: uudistuvaa pedagogiikkaa ja TKI -toimintaa”-verkkojulkaisu koostuu syksyllä 2014 Jyväskylän ammattikorkeakoulussa järjestettyjen AMK- ja ammatillisen koulutuksen tutkimuspäivien esityksiin pohjautuvista artikkeleista. JAMKin ammatillisen opettajakorkeakoulun kanssa yhteistyössä tutkimuspäiviä järjestivät Jyväskylän yliopiston Koulutuksen tutkimuslaitos, Korkeakoulututkimuksen seura CHERIF, Käytäntölähtöisen tutkimuksen yhdistys PraBa ry, Kansallinen koulutuksen arviointikeskus, Ammatillisen koulutuksen tutkimusseura OTTU ry ja Suomen Kuntaliitto. Päiville toivottiin sekä koulutuksen kehittämishankkeisiin että tutkimustyöhön liittyviä puheenvuoroja. Esitysten teemoja olivat arviointi ja vaikuttavuus, oppilaitosjohtaminen, koulutus yrittäjyyden edistäjänä, monenlaiset oppijat, tutkintorakenteet ja pätevyydet murroksessa, osaaminen näkyväksi, asiantuntijuus ja ammatillinen kasvu, opintopolut ja ohjaus, työelämässä oppiminen, oppimisympäristöjen muutos ja monitaitoisen opettajuuden kysymykset. Julkaisumahdollisuus esitysten pohjalta tehdyille artikkeleille haluttiin tarjota kaikille kiinnostuneille ja julkaisuun sisältyy myös kehittämishankkeiden kuvauksia. Julkaisun 26 artikkelia on ryhmitelty neljään teemaan: Pedagogiikkaa ja uusia oppimisympäristöjä, Pelit ja palvelut oppimisessa, Ammatillisen kasvun poluilla ja Koulutus kohtaa tulevaisuuden.
User experience of geocaching and its applications to tourism and education
Gamify : how gamification motivates people to do extraordinary things
Gaming and gamification in tourism : 10 ways to make tourism more playful
Gameful approaches for computer science education : from gamification to alternate reality games
Short stories about tiny tasks : microtasks, crowdsourcing and gamification
Playful user interfaces : interfaces that invite social and physical interaction
Gamify shows gamification in action: as a powerful approach to engaging and motivating people to achieving their goals, while at the same time achieving organizational objectives. It can be used to motivate people to change behaviors, develop skills, and drive innovation. The sweet spot for gamification objectives is the space where the business objectives and player objectives are aligned. Like two sides of the same coin, player and business goals may outwardly appear different, but they are often the same thing, expressed different ways. The key to gamification success is to engage people on an emotional level and motivating them to achieve their goals.
Tourists' expectations are increasingly complex and sophisticated. They are now seeking meaningful and more stimulating experiences from tourism providers. By combining Gamification with Experience Design the Gamification in Tourism book provides a comprehensive and novel approach on how to design such experiences. With its Memorable Experience Design framework and practical case studies the book should help tourism providers shift their thinking as to what they can offer in order to cater to the new needs of their guests.
The new secret to driving Loyalty that pays. Once revolutionary, loyalty programs designed to differentiate products quickly became commoditized. This book shows you how to create a system powered by human motivation and digital technology that creates ongoing, persistent engagement among customers, employees, and partners.
The easy way to grasp and use gamification concepts in business Gamification is a modern business strategy that leverages principles from games to influence favorable customer behavior on the web in order to improve customer loyalty, engagement, and retention.
"Let's do this together and see what we can come up with!" : Teachers' Views on Applying Game-based Pedagogy in Meaningful Ways
Mastering SFML game development : create complex and visually stunning games using all the advanced features available in SFML development
There is a widening gap between the current organizational reality and the tools and methods available to managers for addressing its challenges. Game Based Organization Design shows that one of the ways to bridge this gap is to introduce insights and approaches from video game design into the design of organizational systems.
Loyalty 3.0 : how big data and gamification are revolutionizing customer and employee engagement
Process of Gamification : Gamifying a Tourism Concept
Social media marketing : theories & applications
Gamification in tourism : designing memorable experiences
As the field of digital art therapy rapidly expands, this book guides readers through the many applications of digital media in art therapy. With consideration of professional and ethical issues, expert contributors discuss materials and methods, with case examples to show how digital art therapy works in practice.
Why games are good for business : how to leverage the power of serious games, gamification and simulations
SuperBetter : a revolutionary approach to getting stronger, happier, braver, and more resilient*
Games for health : proceedings of the 3rd european conference on gaming and playful interaction in health care
The gamification of learning and instruction : game-based methods and strategies for training and education
Abstract.
Game based organization design : new tools for complex organizational systems
Following Karl Kapp's earlier book The Gamification of Learning and Instruction, this Fieldbook provides a step-by-step approach to implementing the concepts from the Gamification book with examples, tips, tricks, and worksheets to help a learning professional or faculty member put the ideas into practice. The Online Workbook, designed largely for students using the original book as a textbook, includes quizzes, worksheets and fill-in-the-blank areas that will help a student to better understand the ideas, concepts and elements of incorporating gamification into learning.
Proteus : a cruise design tool for the future
Talking the digital talk : digitalization and gamification discourse in language education in Finland
This book offers a critical evaluation of the theoretical frameworks that can be used to explain and utilise social media, and applies them to fun real-life examples and case studies from a range of industries, companies and countries. These include Unilever, Snickers, American Express, Volkswagen and Amnesty International, and span campaigns run across different platforms in countries such as China, Canada, Sweden and Singapore.
Design Anamorphosis in Math Class
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Gamification at work : designing engaging business software
Serious educational games : from theory to practice
Gamification : motivations & effects
Handbook of research on holistic perspectives in gamification for clinical practice
Gamification with Unity 5.x : build exhilarating gaming experiences using a wide range of game elements in Unity 5.x
Designing online information literacy games students want to play
How to play a video game
The gamification of learning and instruction fieldbook : ideas into practice
Digital art therapy : material, methods and applications
Teaching with technologies : the essential guide
The gamification revolution : how leaders leverage game mechanics to crush the competition
Serious games for business : using gamification to fully engage customers, employees and partners
"This book reviews current studies and empirical evidence, highlights critical principles of gamification, and fosters the increasing application of games at the practical, clinical level"--
The big book of virtual teambuilding games : quick, effective activities to build communication, trust and collaboration from anywhere!
The game changer : how to use the science of motivation with the power of game design to shift behaviour, shape culture and make clever happen
Ludic surveillance : examining mundane surveillance practices at the interface of control and play
The really useful elearning instruction manual : your toolkit for putting elearning into practice
Gamification framework for marketing courses
Gamification : an overview of mechanics and application
Critical elements underpinning the emergence of the medical game ecosystem : gamifying traumatic brain injury rehabilitation in Finland
World of workcraft : rediscovering motivation and engagement in the digital workplace
Game-based teaching and simulation in nursing and healthcare
The gamification of higher education : developing a game-based business strategy in a disrupted marketplace
Learning professionals are finding success applying game-based sensibilities to the development of instruction. This is the first book to show how to design online instruction that leverages the best elements of online games to increase learning, retention, and application. It explains how to match different game strategies to types of learning content for the right learning outcome and discusses how gamification techniques can be used in a variety of settings to improve learning, retention and application of knowledge. Supported by peer-reviewed studies and examples from corporations who have adopted game-based learning successfully, the book illustrates how combining instructional design thinking with game concepts can create engaged and interactive learning experiences across a variety of media, from online to face-to-face.
Game changer : how to make an impact in a fast moving world
Gamification : using game elements in serious contexts
The gameful world : approaches, issues, applications
Business gamification for dummies
The online publication “Challenges of Hybridism in Education: Reshaping Pedagogy and RDI Activities” consists of articles based on presentations given at the Higher and Vocational Education Research Days organised at JAMK University of Applied Sciences in autumn 2014. The Research Days were organised by JAMK’s Teacher Education College in co-operation with the Finnish Institute for Educational Research at the University of Jyväskylä, Consortium of Higher Education Researchers in Finland (CHERIF), the Finnish Society for Practice Based Inquiry (PraBa), the Finnish Education Evaluation Centre, Vocational Research Association OTTU ry, and the Association of Finnish Local and Regional Authorities. Addresses on education development projects and research work were requested. Presentation themes included evaluation and effectiveness, educational leadership, education contributing entrepreneurship, diverse learners, degree structures and competences in transition, making competences more visible, expertise and professional growth, study paths and counselling, on-the-job learning, educational environments in change, and multi-skilled teaching. Those interested were offered the opportunity to publish articles on the presentations, and the publication also contains descriptions of development projects. The 26 articles of the publication have been divided into four themes: Pedagogy and new learning environments, Games and services in learning, Paths of professional growth, and Education meets the future.
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Distrusting educational technology : critical questions for changing times
Actionable gamification : Beyond Points, Badges, and leaderboards
How Is Gamification Perceived in Health and Wellness Technology Companies : Views from Four Companies of Different Size
Social computing in digital education
