http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27309 oxidative stress
oxidative stress
Anxiety-like behavior and protein nitrosylation in a heterozygous glutathione reductase mouse model
Early neuropathological changes in the mouse model for progressive myoclonus epilepsy of Unverricht-Lundborg type, EPM1
Beneficial effects of vitamin D and angiotensin II receptor blocker on arterial damage
Therapeutic properties of superoxide dismutase 3 and mesenchymal stromal cells in peripheral ischemia
Autoimmune regulator protein interaction with DNA-dependent protein kinase and its role in apoptosis
Respiratory allergy is constantly encountered and is sharply on the rise, particularly in the two most vulnerable age-groups: young children and seniors. Allergy results in airway hyperactivity and increased airway resistance, with all inflammatory sequelae being ensued. The chapters show how respiratory allergy research is interconnected with other disciplines by discussing neurotransmitter, membrane receptor, and ionic channel mechanisms of allergy and by giving diagnostic and pharmacological cues on desensitization and therapy.
Natural antibodies to malondialdehyde adducts in atherosclerosis
Summary.
Oxidative stress in the pathogenesis and prognosis of ovarian cancer
Hyperuricemia and calcium-phosphate metabolism in experimental renal insufficiency : effects on oxidative stress and the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system
Lipid oxidation and nitration products as activators of cytoprotective Nrf2 signaling in the endothelium
Remote ischemic precondition before hypothermic circulatory arrest in a porcine model:a special reference to oxidative stress
Effects of exercise and alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on brain tissue protection in experimental diabetes
Naturally occurring antibodies (NAbs)
The role of oxidative stress in environmental responses of Fennoscandian animals
Skin is the largest organ in our body protecting us from ultraviolet radiation and xenobiotics. UV-radiation is a common cause of squamocellular carcinoma and melanoma of the skin that cause morbidity and mortality world wide. Reactive oxygen species are constantly formed by, for example, cellular respiration and UV-radiation, and they can readily react with virtually any macromolecule within cell structures causing damage to DNA, proteins and lipids. Oxidative stress (OS) is a homeostatic process that is dysregulated in cancer cells to their benefit. Nuclear factor erythroid-2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) is the main regulator of antioxidant response and it has been shown to be upregulated in various cancers enabling their survival and growth. By using immunohistochemistry we studied the change and prognostic significance of OS markers in melanoma from paraffin embedded patient samples. Nrf2 expression is increased in melanoma, associating with deeper invasion and a worse melanoma-specific outcome. In addition, epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition markers Slug, Twist and Zeb1 showed altered expression levels in relation to invasion and metastasis associating also with Nrf2. With the help of target inhibition molecules Vemurafenib and MEK-inhibitor CI-1040, In vitro study showed that BRAF- and NRAS-mutations might activate Nrf2. Furthermore, Nrf2-regulated antioxidant enzyme peroxiredoxin I showed decreased expression in malignant melanomas and metastases compared to benign naevi. Intriguing findings were made from the surrounding structures of melanomas e.g. loss of expression of an oxidative lesion marker 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in adjacent endothelial cells associated with worse melanoma-specific survival. Changes in the expression of adhesion molecules claudins 1-5 and 7 were studied in the progression of cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas and preneoplastic lesions.Change in claudin composition can alter epidermal permeability and cell polarity.Efficiency of oncological treatment modalities is frequently based on oxidative stress damage. Nrf2-inhibition could offer the means to increase the sensitivity of cancerous tissue to oxidative insults and hinder proliferative and survival signalling. Later research should focus on the relation of Nrf2 with other signalling and observations made from the tumour microenvironment.
Studies on women's health
The role of cysteine-rich receptor-like protein kinases in ROS signaling in Arabidopsis thaliana
Studies on the mechanisms of lead neurotoxicity and oxidative stress in human neuroblastoma cells
Oxidative stress in breast and gynaecological carcinogenesis
Oxidative stress and cell adhesion in skin cancer
Organelle specific mechanisms of neuronal cell death
Oxidative stress and cardiorespiratory function
To date, plant endophytic bacteria have mainly been studied in roots of crop plants. However, shoot-associated endophytes are less diverse than root-associated ones. Hence, endophytic bacteria of plant shoots evolved different traits, than root colonizers, especially with types of host tissues infected and patterns of growth and development. This study found Methylobacterium extorquens colonized pine seedlings similarly to stem-colonizing rhizobia of other plants. M. extorquens DSM13060 was isolated from meristematic cells in shoot tip cultures of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.). M. extorquens infected the plant stem through epidermis or stomatal apertures, forming infection pockets in the root and stem epidermis, or cortex. Post-infection, thread-like infection structures passed through the endoderm, invading vascular tissues. This led to systemic colonization of above and below ground-parts, observed in in vitro grown Scots pine.A novel mechanism enabling development of endophyte-host symbiosis is discovered within the M. extorquens – Scots pine model. This mechanism involves ability of M. extorquens to produce polyhydroxybutyrates (PHB) to protect itself from host-induced oxidative stress during infection. Upon initial colonization on the host surface, M. extorquens DSM13060 consumes methanol as a carbon source, using it to biosynthesize PHB. PHB are then degraded, upon host infection, by PHB depolymerases (PhaZ) to yield methyl-esterified 3-hydroxybutyrate oligomers. These oligomers have substantial antioxidant activity towards host-induced oxidative stress, enabling the bacterium to bypass host defenses and colonize further tissues. The bacteria can also store PHBs for future protection. The capacity for PHB production and, thus, protection from oxidative stress, is discovered in a wide taxonomic range of bacteria.This study also shows meristematic endophytes are important in growth and development of their hosts. Unlike many bacterial root endophytes, M. extorquens DSM13060 does not induce plant growth through hormones. However, this bacterium can colonize the interior of living host cells, where it aggregates around the nucleus of the host plant. M. extorquens DSM13060 genome encodes nucleomodulins, eukaryotic-like transcription factors, which may intervene in host transcription and metabolism.
Cardiorespiratory function is prominently affected by oxidative stress. Cigarette smoking is the archetype of oxidative and nitrative stress and free radical formation. New adverse effects of smoking keep on propping up in research. The chapters provide the comprehensive view of new developments in this area regarding cardiovascular and lung function and muscle catabolism. Alterations in inflammatory cytokines and proteins as well as degradation of muscle proteins due to smoking, by far unrecognized, caused by oxidative stress also are presented. Much less is known about the effect of cognitive stress on vagally-mediated cardiorespiratory function and surprisingly, on vagal immune pathway. The experimental studies also show that clinically important meconium aspiration syndrome contains an oxidative trait which is amenable to antioxidative treatment. This volume creates a source of information on the damaging role of oxidative stress in cardiorespiratory function that has by far not been available.
Adenocarcinoma of the esophagus and esophagogastric junction : studies on pathogenesis, prognosis, staging and surgical treatment
The effects of a mixture of effluent chemicals on subcellular endpoints in three-spined sticklebacks (Gasterosteus aculeatus L.)
Oxidative stress and inflammation underpin most diseases; their mechanisms are inextricably linked. For example, chronic inflammation is associated with oxidation, anti-inflammatory cascades are linked to decreased oxidation, increased oxidative stress triggers inflammation, and redox balance inhibits the inflammatory cellular response. Whether or not oxidative stress and inflammation represent the causes or the consequences of cellular pathology, they contribute significantly to the pathogenesis of non-communicable diseases. The incidence of obesity and other related metabolic disturbances are rising, as are age-related diseases due to progressively aging populations. Interrelations between the mechanisms of oxidative stress and of inflammatory signaling and metabolism are, in the broad sense of energy transformation, being increasingly recognized as part of the problem in non-communicable diseases. The book Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Non-communicable Diseases: Molecular Mechanisms and Perspectives in Therapeutics is an update on the latest research on the molecular basis of non-communicable diseases and the search for possible therapeutic alternatives. The authors of this monograph are experts in their field, and the book as a whole, provides an overview of the biochemical alterations underlying diseases such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, obesity, renal disease, neurological diseases and diabetes, emphasizing those aspects that they share in common. We hope that this book will be useful for researchers in biomedicine, and also for physicians interested in finding the root causes of the disease, as well as for post-graduate students in biochemistry, molecular biology, nutrition or medicine.
Immune and proteolytic events associated with the signs of periodontal and cardiovascular diseases and their treatment
Remote ischemic precondition before hypothermic circulatory arrest in a porcine model : a special reference to oxidative stress
In vitro model of retinal pigment epithelium for use in drug delivery studies
Seasonal variation in migratory body condition, corticosterone secretion, oxidative stress and biotransformation activity in barn swallows (Hirundo rustica l.)
Ultraviolet radiation-induced oxidative stress in cultured human skin fibroblasts and antioxidant protection
Responses of mustard (Brassica campestris) and rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars to tropospheric ozone in India : results from EDU treatments
TWIST and oxidative stress related biomarkers in outcome prediction of prostate cancer patients treated with radical prostatectomy
Genome-wide regulation of glucocorticoid signaling by SUMO modifications
Crosstalk between molecular chaperones, protein aggregation and autophagic degradation in retinal pigment epithelial cells : implications for the pathogenesis of age-related macular degeneration
Eosinophil as a target for pathophysiological factors and pharmacological compounds
Neurobiology of Parkinson's disease gene pink1 in Danio rerio (Zebrafish)
Inflammation in age-related macular degeneration and its regulation by sirtuin ligands
A translational study on the roles of redox molecules, cell cycle regulators and chemokine receptors as prognostic factors in diffuse large b-cell lymphoma
The predictive role of conjunctival histopathological changes in primary open-angle glaucoma and exfoliation glaucoma patients in the prognosis of deep sclerectomy
Intracellular signaling pathways in human intracranial aneurysms
The interaction between the intracellular endophytic bacterium, Methylobacterium extorquens DSM13060, and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
The in vitro toxicological effects of particulate emissions from small- and medium-scale heating systems
Individual and combinatory effects of voluntary wheel running and sActRIIB-Fc administration on redox-balance in mdx mice
A translational study on the roles of redox molecules, cell cycle regulators and chemokine receptors as prognostic factors in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
Allergens and Airway Hyperreactivity
Markers of liver function and oxidative stress in alcohol consumers with or without overweight
Oxidative stress in skeletal muscle after acute exercise
Abstract.
Gene expression and epigenetic modifications in Caenorhabditis elegans induced by methylmercury and manganese
Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Non-communicable Diseases - Molecular Mechanisms and Perspectives in Therapeutics
Polymorphisms in the genes related to xenobiotic metabolism, oxidative stress, and DNA repair and their association with the outcome of breast cancer
Therapeutic aspects of central haemodynamics, arterial stiffness and oxidative stress in hypertension
Neuroprotective effects of PGC-1α activators in dopaminergic neurons
In search of new prognostic molecular markers in ovarian cancer
Non-invasive biomarkers of oxidative stress and cell defence in COPD and asthma; specific emphasis on smoking cessation
