http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27321 boy culture
boy culture
Avauksia taidekasvatuksen tutkimukseen = Pathways to research in art education
Perfect Gentleman : a Muslim boy meets the West : a memoir
The round house
The Writing Culture of Ordinary People in Europe, c. 1860-1920
Peasant life in Sweden
The cultural construction of gender and care on the street
Anthropologies and histories : essays in culture, history and political economy
Looking good : a study of gendered body ideals among young people
Girls, boys, books, toys : gender in children's literature and culture
The catcher in the rye
"After crossing oceans, a man and a boy arrive in a new land. Here they are each assigned a name and an age, and held in a camp in the desert while they learn Spanish, the language of their new country. As Simon and David they make their way to the relocation centre in the city of Novilla, where officialdom treats them politely but not necessarily helpfully. Simon finds a job in a grain wharf. The work is unfamiliar and backbreaking, but he soon warms to his stevedore comrades, who during breaks conduct philosophical dialogues on the dignity of labour, and generally take him to their hearts. Now he must set about his task of locating the boy's mother. Though like everyone else who arrives in this new country he seems to be washed clean of all traces of memory, he is convinced he will know her when he sees her. And indeed, while walking with the boy in the countryside Simon catches sight of a woman he is certain is the mother, and persuades her to assume the role. David's new mother comes to realise that he is an exceptional child, a bright, dreamy boy with highly unusual ideas about the world. But the school authorities detect a rebellious streak in him and insist he be sent to a special school far away. His mother refuses to yield him up, and it is Simon who must drive the car as the trio flees across the mountains. The Childhood of Jesus is a profound, beautiful and continually surprising novel from a very great writer." --Dust jacket.
The wonder spot
Birth and childhood among the Arabs : studies in a Muhammadan village in Palestine
Montaillou : the promised land of error
In real life
Masculinities and violence in youth cultures
The Free peasantry of the northern Danelaw
Invisible Boy : the making of contemporary masculinities
Enjoyment in youth sports : a goal perspectives approach
Prayer in peasant communities : ideals and practices of prayer in the late Medieval ecclesiastical province of Uppsala, Sweden
The childhood of Jesus
Benny and Omar
Benny and Omar ; Benny and Babe
Thud!
Habits of mind and academic endeavors : the correlates and consequences of achievement goal orientations
Manga girl seeks herbivore boy : studying Japanese gender at Cambridge
School as developmental environment and students' coping : aspects of Estonian school today
Peasants and Jews in medieval Germany : studies in cultural, social, and economic history
Circum-mediterranean peasantry : introductory bibliographies
Northern soul
Young women and the body : a feminist sociology
Towards a bourgeois manhood : boys' physical education in Nordic secondary schools 1880-1940
The magic harvest : food, folklore and society
Russian peasants go to court : legal culture in the countryside 1905-1917
Holden Caulfield is a dropout who has just been kicked out of his fourth school. Navigating his way through challenges of growing up, Holden dissects the 'phony' aspects of society, and the 'phonies' themselves: the headmaster whose affability depends on the wealth of the parents, his roommate who scores with girls using sickly-sweet affection.
Coin-operated Americans : rebooting boyhood at the video game arcade
"Video gaming: it's a boy's world, right? That's what the industry wants us to think. Why and how we came to comply are what Carly A. Kocurek investigates in this provocative consideration of how an industry's craving for respectability hooked up with cultural narratives about technology, masculinity, and youth at the video arcade.From the dawn of the golden age of video games with the launch of Atari's Pong in 1972, through the industry-wide crash of 1983, to the recent nostalgia-bathed revival of the arcade, Coin-Operated Americans explores the development and implications of the "video gamer" as a cultural identity. This cultural-historical journey takes us to the Twin Galaxies arcade in Ottumwa, Iowa, for a close look at the origins of competitive gaming. It immerses us in video gaming's first moral panic, generated by Exidy's Death Race (1976), an unlicensed adaptation of the film Death Race 2000. And it ventures into the realm of video game films such as Tron and WarGames, in which gamers become brilliant, boyish heroes.Whether conducting a phenomenological tour of a classic arcade or evaluating attempts, then and now, to regulate or eradicate arcades and coin-op video games, Kocurek does more than document the rise and fall of a now-booming industry. Drawing on newspapers, interviews, oral history, films, and television, she examines the factors and incidents that contributed to the widespread view of video gaming as an enclave for young men and boys.A case study of this once emergent and now revived medium became the presumed enclave of boys and young men, Coin-Operated Americans is history that holds valuable lessons for contemporary culture as we struggle to address pervasive sexism in the domain of video games--and in the digital working world beyond. "--
What does it mean to become a boy today? How does boyhood manifest itself in different contexts? How can we describe fathers and sons in contemporary society? And can we make the invisible boy visible in ways alternative to those of media? This publication is the outcome of an international, multidisciplinary exploration of how boys become boys and how boys form identities today. The project was global in its scope and included 24 artists and academics from Sweden, USA, Turkey, UK, Finland, New Zealand, Croatia, Nigeria, Switzerland, India, Canada and Italy have contributed to the Invisible Boy. The publication with its 20 chapters includes academic papers, video, drawings, digital images, photography and music. Combining a variety of intellectual expressions the chapters forms a joint example of multimodal explorations to further understandings of complex matters such as gendered identity making. The contributions are organised in four themes: Negotiating Identity, Bodily Existence, Boyhood Interrupted, and Gender and Contemporary Media.
The life cycle of a Somali nomadic boy = Nolol wareega wiilka Soomaaliyeed ee reer guuraga ah
Dream on
Converging worlds : religion and community in peasant Russia, 1861-1917
The perfect gentleman : a Muslim boy meets the West : a memoir
The house of Bilqis
Youth : positions and oppositions : style, sexuality and schooling
Malala a brave girl from Pakistan ; Iqbal a brave boy from Pakistan
A mute gospel : the people and culture of the medieval English common fields
Peasant dreams and market politics : labor migration and the Russian village 1861-1905
Mornings in Jenin
Northern revolts : medieval and early modern peasant unrest in the Nordic countries
City of night
Engaging film : geographies of mobility and identity
Children's games in the new media age : childlore, media and the playground
Peasants and peasant societies : selected readings
Boyz n the hood : collectors edition
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium.
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium
Young men in uncertain times
My Name Is Red
Demelza : a novel of Cornwall, 1788-1790
Boundaries and paradigms : the anthropological study of rural life in postrevolutionary Mexico
21st century boys
Peasant society in a changing economy : comparative development in Southeast Asia and India
American dervish
Dreams of my Russian summers
Manliness and the boys' story paper in Britain : a cultural history, 1855-1940
The peasant mode of production : as exemplified by the Russian obschina-mir
Delinquent boys : the culture of the gang
Masculinity goes to school
Abstract (1 s.).
Fifteen-year-old math prodigy Seth Gordon hopes to compete professionally playing Starfare, the world's most popular computer game, but when he gets the chance to move to Korea and train full-time, he may not be ready for the culture shock and leaving his possible girlfriend, Hannah
The culture of capitalism
Balzac and the little chinese seamstress
Sag Harbor : a novel
With the boys : little league baseball and preadolescent culture
Obernberg : a quantitative analysis of a Tirolean peasant economy
