http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27392 power struggle
power struggle
Kingdom of the deep
Midnight tides : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
The time of contempt
Boy princess. vol. 1
The leopards of Normandy.n[2] : Duke
Hyperborea is a game of exploration, conquest and development.
Taking Malazan fans back to that troubled continent's turbulent early history. The opening chapter in Ian C. Esslemont's epic new fantasy sequence, the Path to Ascendancy trilogy.  For ages warfare has crippled the continent as minor city states, baronies, and principalities fought in an endless round of hostilities. Only the alliance of the rival Tali and Quon cities could field the resources to mount a hegemony from coast to coast -- and thus become known as Quon Tali.  It is a generation since the collapse of this dynasty and regional powers are once more rousing themselves. Into this arena of renewed border wars come two youths to the powerful central city state that is Li Heng. One is named Dorin, and he comes determined to prove himself the most skilled assassin of his age; he is chasing the other youth -- a Dal Hon mage who has proven himself annoyingly difficult to kill.  Li Heng has been guided and warded for centuries by the powerful sorceress known as the "Protectress", and she allows no rivals. She and her cabal of five mage servants were enough to repel the Quon Tali Iron Legions -- what could two youths hope to accomplish under their stifling rule?  Yet under the new and ambitious King Chulalorn the Third, Itko Kan is on the march from the south. He sends his own assassin servants, the Nightblades, against the city, and there are hints that he also commands inhuman forces out of legend.  While above all, shadows swirl oddly about Li Heng, and monstrous slathering beasts seem to appear from nowhere to run howling through the street. It is a time of chaos and upheaval, and in chaos, as the young Dal Hon mage would say, there is opportunity.
Vampire game. Volume 5 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Into the wild
Vampire game. Volume 6 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Sons of the blood
The dark forest
The running vixen
Blood and bone : a novel of the Malazan Empire
Death's end
Vampire game. Volume 13 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
The skylighter
Cloak of war
Moscow Coup : the death of the Soviet system
London, 1666. In the house of a sleeping baker, a spark leaps free of the oven -- and ignites a blaze that will burn London to the ground. While the humans struggle to halt the conflagration that is devouring the city street by street, the fae pit themselves against a less tangible foe: the spirit of the fire itself, powerful enough to annihilate everything in its path. Mortal and fae will have to lay aside the differences that divide them, and fight together for the survival of London itself.
Guardians of the galaxy : best story ever
The leopards of Normandy. [1], Devil
A game of thrones
Boy princess. vol. 6
Children of Chaos
Vampire game. Volume 11 / [translator - Patrick Coffman ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
The golden fool
Inferno
The winter isles
Rising storm
Boy princess. vol. 9
Vampire game. volume 2 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Vampire game. Volume 14 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
The harsh cry of the heron
Half the world
Seraph of the end : vampire reign. 7
Ricky's rat gang
In the dying days of the Wars of the Roses a secret war is born. The battle for a crown is about to become a fight for the world. Bastard son, mercenary soldier, protector of the rightful king, seeker of a secret more treacherous than any in Christendom: Jack Wynter is destined to live in dangerous times. In England, the Wars of the Roses ended a decade ago with the fall of the House of Lancaster and the victory of King Edward of York. But peace sleeps uneasy in this divided realm and when the king dies unexpectedly it isn't long before old blood feuds and ambitions are awoken.
Deadhouse gates
The bloody tournament to determine the new empress of the intergalactic empire may be over, but for exiled princess Kayla Reinumon, the battle is just beginning. To free her home planet from occupation, Kayla must infiltrate the highest reaches of imperial power. But when a deadly nanovirus threatens to ravage the empire, it will take more than diplomacy to protect her homeworld from all-out war.
The sword of justice
Set in the same world as Half a King, Half a World follows a new protagonist, Thorn, a fifteen-year-old girl in training for the king's army. But even as she's learning the ways of war, she's also growing up...and falling in love for the first time
The storyspinner
The tainted throne
Dust of dreams : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Hyperborea
City of strangers
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Vampire game. Volume 9 / [translator - Patrick Coffman ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Warriors : Skyclan & the stranger. 1 : Rescue
Forest of secrets
Grass for his pillow
Vampire game. Volume 7 / [translator - Patrick Coffman ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Irons in the fire
Bonehunters : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Boy princess. vol. 3
Boy princess. vol. 4
Peter V. Brett writes in the grand tradition of George R.R. Martin, Terry Brooks, David Eddings, and Robert Jordan. This novel continues his critically acclaimed 'Demon Cycle', which last left off in 'The Daylight War'.
Joanna and Rafi are on the run, trying to protect the kingdom of Santarem from rogue Keepers.
Seraph of the end : vampire reign. 6
Fifteen years after the last devastating Insect attack, the immortal Circle is finally ready to launch an offensive against their implacable enemies. This time they have a new weapon - gunpowder. Hopes are high. But the Circle's plans are threatened when the vital barrels of gunpowder go missing. Jant, the Circle's winged messenger, is tasked to investigate. Soon it becomes clear that the theft is part of a deadly conspiracy and Jant and his friends are among the targets. As tensions rise, Jant races to foil the conspirators. Can he expose them in time - or will the crisis blow the Fourlands apart?
The skull throne
The sentinel
Vampire hunter D. Volume 11 : Pale Fallen Angels : parts one and two
Reaper's gale
Fireheart, a full-fledged warrior cat, must confront questions of loyalty and identity as he faces the possibility of betrayal from within his own forest clan
King's wrath
Conspiracy
The last mortal bond
The iron knight
Grace Scott returns from honeymoon with her new husband, Mac, to find a man lying dead in their new Edinburgh flat. They don't know who he is or where he's come from. The mystery of his identity remains unsolved. Then, three months later, Grace finds a note tucked inside one of the wedding gifts which sends her on a journey to discover what really happened in her flat. A journey that becomes more dangerous the closer she comes to the truth ...What she discovers will change her life. Set in Edinburgh and travelling to Amsterdam, Paris and Copenhagen, City of Strangers is a gripping story of deception, lies and corruption.
Battle for Rome
At the ruin of the world
Never love a highlander
Inheritance, or The vault of souls
Forest of the pygmies
Vampire game. Volume 12 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Gardens of the moon
Boy princess. vol. 8
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
Memories of ice
The queen's man
Queen of shadows
The serpent's tooth
The Keepers, a race of people with magical abilities, are seeking a supposedly-dead princess to place her on the throne and end political turmoil but girls who look like the princess are being murdered and Johanna Von Arlo, forced to work for Lord Rafael DeSilva after her father's suspicious death, is a dead-ringer.
Macbeth : the graphic novel
Fire and ice
The galaxy game
"Everyone Celaena Sardothien loves has been taken from her. Embracing her identity as Aelin Galathynius, Queen of Terrasen, Celaena returns to the empire--for vengeance, to rescue her once-glorious kingdom, and to confront the shadows of her past"--
Trivial pursuit? Asian antics in the Arctic : securitization in Northeast Asian power struggle in the context of arctic cooperation
In the thirty years since Elizabeth I ascended her throne, fae and mortal politics have become inextricably entwined, in secret alliances and ruthless betrayals whose existence is suspected only by a few. Two courtiers, both struggling for royal favor, are about to uncover the secrets that lie behind these two thrones. And a faerie lady's courage and loyalty are about to be tested.
The boy who wept blood
First of the Tudors
Touch the dark
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Civil war. II
Boy princess. vol. 7
Robogenesis : a novel
Worlds of exile and illusion
The roots of betrayal
Tyrant's blood
Vampire hunter D. Volume 14 : Dark road : parts one and two
Warriors : Skyclan & the stranger. 2 : Beyond the code
The shadow keeper
Lord of ashes
The flame bearer
Emperor of the eight islands
A dance with dragons
Gathering darkness
Shadows of self
Stands a shadow
Samarkand : a novel
Warriors : Skyclan & the stranger. 3 : After the flood
The wilful princess and the piebald prince
Toll the hounds
Vampire game. volume 3 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Warriors of the storm
Ruler of the world
Vampire game. Volume 8 / [translator - Patrick Coffman ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Visitor : a Foreigner novel
A game of thrones : The card game. Second edition
The white queen
Guardians of Knowhere
The diamond hunters
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
Deadhouse gates : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
The brand new novel in Bernard Cornwell's number one bestselling series on the making of England and the fate of his great hero, Uhtred of Bebbanburg.
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
Boy princess. vol. 2
Vampire game. Volume 4 / [translator - Ikoi Hiroe ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Half a war
The king
The unwilling warlord
"Moll Pecksniff and her friends are living as outlaws in a secret cave by the sea, desperate to stay hidden from the Shadowmasks. But further along the coast lies the Amulet of Truth, the only thing powerful enough to force the Shadowmasks back and contain their dark magic. So, together with Gryff, the wildcat that's always by her side, and her best friends Alfie and Sid, Moll must sneak past smugglers, outwit mer creatures and crack secret codes to save the Old Magic."--Publisher description.
From a master of contemporary fantasy comes the first novel of a landmark series unlike any you've ever read before. With A Game of Thrones, George R. R. Martin has launched a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.
Against a background of wild forest, elegant castles, hidden temples and savage battlefields, the adventure that began with 'Emperor of the Eight Islands' draws to its thrilling conclusion. The rightful emperor is lost. Shikanoko is condemned to live, half-man and half-deer, an outlaw in the Darkwood. Yet the mighty lords who now rule the Eight Islands are prey to suspicion and illness, and drought and famine choke the realm. Only Shikanoko can bring healing, by restoring the preordained ruler to the Lotus Throne. And only one person can bring him back from the Darkwood.
Traitors in the shadows : an historical novel
The Reaver
Ruin and rising
Vampire game. Volume 15 / [translator - Yuki N. Johnson ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
Lord of the Darkwood
Black wolves
Midnight never come
One year after
Half a king
In ashes lie
Geis : a matter of life and death
A game of thrones : The card game
Guardians of the galaxy : New guard. Vol 2, Wanted
Dust of dreams
Fly by night
The price of blood
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
Vampire game. Volume 10 / [translator - Patrick Coffman ; English adaptation - Jason Deitrich]
