http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27396 industrial security
industrial security
Cybersecurity for executives : a practical guide
Security manual
Crime, risk, security
Research on industrial security theory
Do bank and insurance companies emphasise personnel security more than other business?
The handbook of security
Introduction to executive protection
Developing the EHSQ management systems: from separate management system to an integrated management system?
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Security risk management : body of knowledge
Security metrics management : measuring the effectiveness and efficiency of a security program
Security management : business strategies for success
Loss prevention and security procedures : practical applications for contemporary problems
Threat assessment : a risk management approach
Computer-based information security analysor : a tool in a company's risk management
Global security consulting : how to build a thriving international practice
Implementation of safety management in outsourced services in the manufacturing industry
The industries of the future
From accidents to zero : a practical guide to improving your workplace safety culture
Emergency preparedness for business professionals : how to mitigate and respond to attacks against your organization
Startup Africa
Management of occupational safety and health risks in small enterprises
The Executive guide to enterprise risk management : linking strategy, risk and value creation
Alarm management for process control : a best-practice guide for design, implementation, and use of industrial alarm systems
Foolproof : why safety can be dangerous and how danger makes us safe
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
A CSR awareness program to enhance capacity building in good governance of multi-cultural employees and safe operations : good governance of multi-cultural safety : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140203)
Build a security culture
Hotel safety as decision factor in the purchase process : Is hotel safety a concern for Finnish companies?
[Information security]. Part 2, Investigating the information security in organisations : crucial factors in the information security
"High-level guidance for implementing enterprise risk management in any organization. A Practical Guide to Risk Management shows organizations how to implement an effective ERM solution, starting with senior management and risk and compliance professionals working together to categorize and assess risks throughout the enterprise. Detailed guidance is provided on the key risk categories, including financial, operational, reputational, and strategic areas, along with practical tips on how to handle risks that overlap across categories. Provides high-level guidance on how to implement enterprise risk management across any organization Includes discussion of the latest trends and best practices Features the role of IT in ERM and the tools that are available in both assessment and on-going compliance Discusses the key challenges that need to be overcome for a successful ERM initiative Walking readers through the creation of ERM architecture and setting up on-going monitoring and assessment processes, this is an essential book for every CFO, controller and IT manager"--
The security of Finnish companies in St. Petersburg
Security for business professionals : how to plan, implement, and manage your company's security program
Business espionage : risk, threats, and countermeasures
E-mail service development for an international manufacturing corporation
Protecting our future : educating a cybersecurity workforce
Workplace security essentials : a guide for helping organizations create safe work environments
Building a corporate culture of security : strategies for strengthening organizational resiliency
Passwords : a crucial link in the information security chain
Readings in security management : principles and practices
Managing the insider threat : no dark corners
Information technology risk management in enterprise environments : a review of industry practices and a practical guide to risk management teams
Business under fire : how Israeli companies are succeeding in the face of terror--and what we can learn from them
SME internationalization : mass casualty rescue un UK air safety
Safer complex industrial environments : a human factors approach
”In a perfect world we don’t need them or want them – but the world isn’t perfect” : the United Nations and the private arms
Threat assessment and risk analysis : an applied approach
A guide to security surveys
Integrated Security Systems Design, 2nd Edition, is recognized as the industry-leading book on the subject of security systems design. It explains how to design a fully integrated security system that ties together numerous subsystems into one complete, highly coordinated, and highly functional system.
Advances in human factors, ergonomics, and safety in manufacturing and service industries
Security policies and procedures : principles and practices
Cyber security management : a governance, risk and compliance framework
Self-audit handbook for SMEs
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Small business cyber security
The safety of hotels worldwide has become a big issue during the last decade, and is probable to become even more important in the future. For companies sending their employees on business trips the issue can be seen as a growing problem when the world looks more unstable for every day. So how important is hotel safety for Finnish companies, do they consider the safety standards of a hotel-chain when they are making deals with this particular hotel-chain? In other words, is this safety aspect of importance in the purchase decision process?  The main question in this research was if Finnish companies see hotel safety as a criteria when they are choosing to set up a deal with a hotel-chain and how this is seen in the process. How do they measure the safety standards and also if they make any kind of follow up on this issue after the deal has been made.  A qualitative research with questionnaires sent to persons taking care of travel arrangements in Finnish companies was done. The companies varied greatly in size and also field of business.  The responses that came back were not many and a generalization of Finnish companies is impossible to do. The main part of the few respondents considered the safety as important when their employees were traveling though hotel-safety was maybe not such a great issue. It seemed the companies did trust the hotel-chains in this matter. The opinion that higher standard of the hotel guarantees also a better safety standard was common. Nevertheless a few companies were genuinely concerned of this issue and it seems like there is a growing awareness among companies in this issue although maybe not so widespread as for foreign companies.
Why safeguard information?
Outsourcing as a business option in a secure distributed IT environment
Chemical safety in your business
[Information security]. Part 1, Creating the framework for an information security analysis
The assessment of organisational culture : a methodological study
Private military and security companies: ethics, policies and civil-military relations
Effective security management
Business security and Russia : security considerations in the development of business operation in Russia
Abstract: Managing information security in modern organizations.
Trapping safety into rules : how desirable or avoidable is proceduralization?
Business crisis and its management : crisis management as a part of safety and security management in a tourism company
Measures and metrics in corporate security
Lean sustainability : creating safe, enduring, and profitable operations
Safety management systems : audit tools and reliability of auditing
CBISA - a DSS for analysing a company's information security : a tool for decreasing uncertainty
Occupational health and safety management system OHSAS 18001 : 37 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
Securing the clicks : network security in the age of social media
Enterprise security architecture : a business-driven approach
The manager's handbook for business security
The information security chain in a company
Influence of corporate top management to safety culture : a literature survey
Introduction to hazard control management : a vital organizational function
Corporate security in the 21st century : theory and practice in international perspective
Global regulation : managing crises after the imperial turn
Foreign companies and crime in Eastern Europe : the security environment in St. Petersburg and Estonia in 1995
Private security
Loss prevention and the small business : the security professional's guide to asset protection strategies
The healthy workplace initiative : a new deal for a better workplace
"The fully revised second edition of the Handbook of Security provides the most comprehensive analysis of scholarly security debates and issues to date. Including contributions from some of the world's leading scholars, it explores a range of issues and debates that impact our understanding of how security is provided.Consisting of over forty chapters, the volume considers an array of topics such as workplace crime, terrorism, organized crime and counterfeiting, and applies discussions of crime and security to a variety of sectors including retail, finance, and tourism. The handbook includes a new section on approaches to researching security through ethnography, systematic reviews and meta-analysis. In later sections, it analyses security products and services such as guards, alarms and CCTV, as well as the management of security where chapters focus on crisis management, partnerships and regulation. The final section critiques security using various approaches including critical security studies, professionalization and ethics.Informed by disciplines including environmental science, criminology, politics and economics, the Handbook of Security is essential reading for all those engaged with the security world"--
Enterprise risk management best practices : from assessment to ongoing compliance
Business and crime prevention
Juvenile delinquency and business security : special problems of crime prevention
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Safety and health essentials : for small businesses
Intelligence-based security in private industry
Computer support for information security analysis in a small business environment
The manager's handbook for corporate security : establishing and managing a successful assets protection program
Analysing information security : a knowledge-based DSS approach
Insider threat : prevention, detection, mitigation and deterrence
Integrated security systems design : a complete reference for building enterprise-wide digital security systems
Corporate security management : challenges, risks, and strategies
Measuring and communicating security's value : a compendium of metrics for enterprise protection
