http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27391 girlfriends
girlfriends
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Six words and a wish
The Halloween parade : a Hello Kitty adventure
Confessions of a vampire's girlfriend : Got fangs? and Circus of the darned
The Narrows
The Secret club
Jelly baby
Sequins, stars & spotlights
Burying the ex
A picture of guilt
Love stories : language, private love, and public romance in Georgia
White boots
On the prowl
The English roses. [Book 8] : A perfect pair
Shut out
Just business
Light in a dark house
Sarah & Duck have a sleepover
Gone for good
Death of a dreamer
My friends = Mis amigos
Rock wives : The hard lives and good times of the wives, girlfriends, and groupies of rock and roll
The new girl
The Friendship Club
The Girls : a novel
Fetch
Jelly Baby
Starring Grace
Boundless
Shelter : a Mickey Bolitar novel
P.S. I still love you
The very fairy princess follows her heart
The porridge of knowledge
Boywatching : it's not just a hobby, it's a science
The Greatest
A flower in the snow
Magic kitten : a circus wish
Murder at the Lanterne Rouge
Straight talking
A film with me in it
Fifteen-year-old Aki Simon has a theory. And it's mostly about sex.  No, it isn't that kind of theory. Aki already knows she's bisexual—even if, until now, it's mostly been in the hypothetical sense. Aki has dated only guys so far, and her best friend, Lori, is the only person who knows she likes girls, too.  Actually, Aki's theory is that she's got only one shot at living an interesting life—and that means she's got to stop sitting around and thinking so much. It's time for her to actually do something. Or at least try.  So when Aki and Lori set off on a church youth-group trip to a small Mexican town for the summer and Aki meets Christa—slightly older, far more experienced—it seems her theory is prime for the testing.  But it's not going to be easy. For one thing, how exactly do two girls have sex, anyway? And more important, how can you tell if you're in love? It's going to be a summer of testing theories—and the result may just be love.
Are these my basoomas I see before me?. book 10.
Chloe's secret Princess Club
From the author of 'Giraffes Can't Dance' and award-winning creators of 'I Love My Mummy' and 'I Love My Daddy' comes a picture book about the fun and excitement of being a year older. From birthday kisses to party games with friends, all the joy of the big day is captured through true-to-life humour and lovely pictures.
Bridge to Terabithia
See how they run
P. S. I still love you
Death of a liar : A Hamish Macbeth murder mystery
Winter of grace
Clumsy : a novel
Goodnight sweetheart
Lucy Sullivan is getting married
Boywatching : season three
Tap : Special edition
Season of the witch
Shopaholic & Baby
Hallowed
Horns
Zahrah the windseeker
A divided spy
Distress signals
Meg's wish
Shopaholic & baby
I love my birthday
To all the boys I've loved before
The mark of the dragonfly
Room for a stranger
The day the music died
Mabel and me : best of friends
The missing person's guide to love : a novel
My best friend's exorcism : a novel
Unearthly
Our own private universe
An abundance of Katherines
