http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2736 citizenship
citizenship
New concepts of citizenship : residential/regional citizenship and dual nationality/identity
Performing the author/mother/merchant/wife: moving subject positions in Minna Canth's autobiography
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
Multicultural citizenship : towards a European policy
Global citizenship and social movements : creating transcultural webs of meaning for the new millennium
TASKs for democracy : 60 activities to learn and assess transversal attitudes, skills and knowledge
Citizens and the European polity : mass attitudes towards the European and national polities
Social sciences : the big issues
Citizenship studies
Research degrees that relate to citizenship education and indentity
"Greece has shouldered a heavy burden in the global economic crisis, struggling with political and financial insecurity. Greece has also the most porous external border of the European Union, tasked with ensuring that the EU's boundaries are both "secure and humanitarian" and hosting enormous numbers of migrants and asylum seekers who arrive by land and sea. The recent leadership and fiscal crises have led to a breakdown of legal entitlements for both Greek citizens and those seeking refuge within the country's borders. On the Doorstep of Europe is an ethnographic study of the asylum system in Greece, tracing the ways asylum seekers, bureaucrats, and service providers attempt to navigate the dilemmas of governance, ethics, knowledge, and sociability that emerge through this legal process. Centering on the work of an asylum advocacy NGO in Athens, Heath Cabot explores how workers and clients grapple with predicaments endemic to Europeanization and rights-based protection. Drawing inspiration from classical Greek tragedy to highlight both the transformative potential and the violence of law, Cabot charts the structural violence effected through European governance, rights frameworks, and humanitarian intervention while also exploring how Athenian society is being remade from the inside out. She shows how, in contemporary Greece, relationships between insiders and outsiders are radically reconfigured through legal, political, and economic crises. In addition to providing a textured, on-the-ground account of the fraught context of asylum and immigration in Europe's borderlands, On the Doorstep of Europe highlights the unpredictable and transformative ways in which those in host nations navigate legal and political violence, even in contexts of inexorable duress and inequality."--Publisher's website
The European citizens' initiative : an assessment of European citizenship as a solution to the democratic deficit in the European Union (2014)
Life in the UK Test, Handbook 2014 : the essential study guide for the British citizenship test
ICCS 2009 European report : civic knowledge, attitudes, and engagement among lower-secondary students in 24 European countries
Aristophanic comedy and the challenge of democratic citizenship
Rhetoric and citizenship in the monarchical republic of Queen Elizabeth I.
The citizenship of the theatre-makers in Athens
Citizenship policies in the new Europe
Eighteenth-century Sweden was deeply involved in the process of globalisation: ships leaving Sweden's central ports exported bar iron that would drive the Industrial Revolution, whilst arriving ships would bring not only exotic goods and commodities to Swedish consumers, but also new ideas and cultural practices with them. At the same time, Sweden was an agricultural country to a large extent governed by self-subsistence, and - for most - wealth was created within this structure. This volume brings together a group of scholars from a range of disciplinary backgrounds who seek to present a more nuanced and elaborated picture of the Swedish cosmopolitan eighteenth century. Together they paint a picture of Sweden that is more like the one eighteenth-century intellectuals imagined, and help to situate Sweden in histories of cosmopolitanism of the wider world.
Citizenship : the rise and fall of a modern concept
Imagining the people : Chinese intellectuals and the concept of citizenship, 1890-1920
History - citizenship - future : their relationship and constitution in society and education
South Korea in transition : politics and culture of citizenship
Abstract.
Becoming American under fire : Irish Americans, African Americans, and the politics of citizenship during the civil war era
Equaliberty : political essays
From Soviet to Russian international law : studies in continuity and change
Lineages of European citizenship : rights, belonging, and participation in eleven nation-states
Democracy begins between two
Gender equality : dimensions of women's equal citizenship
Sukupuolitetut rajat = Gendered borders and boundaries
Routledge companion to contemporary anthropology
Status in classical Athens
Socratic citizenship
Union citizenship and free movement: who is who?
This book is the result of ethnographic research carried out in the Academic College of Judea & Samaria (ACJS), located in the West Bank of Israel/Palestine. The book deals with Israeli citizenship and identity, and examines the ways in which it is being understood and imagined by ACJS students and teachers. The book also analyzes the Orange Zionist organizational culture of the ACJS. In the end, a new socio-political model of Israel/Palestine is offered: Israel as a Zionist Democracy.
Citizenship : a very short introduction
Remaking urban citizenship : organizations, institutions, and the right to the city
Citizenship and nationality status in the new Europe
Liberal loyalty : freedom, obligation, and the state
Pass the British citizenship test
National minorities and citizenship rights in Lithuania, 1988-93
Highlighting the ways that digital media can be used in interdisciplinary curricula, 'Images & Identity' brings together ideas from art and citizenship teachers in the Czech Republic, Germany, Ireland, Malta, Portugal, and the UK on producing online curriculum materials. This book offers a practical strategy for ways that these different subjects can be taught. The first part of the book explores issues of art and citizenship education within a European context, while the second part contains case studies of curriculum experiments that can be applied to global classrooms. It will be of great interest to students and teachers of art and citizenship education--Provided by publisher.
Semi-citizenship in democratic politics
Interpretations of young people as citizens of Europe and Finland : a comparative study of official publications discussing the issues of youth policy in the 1990s
Until recently, feminist theory and citizenship theory have seemed two distinct areas, with writers in both camps seldom discussing the other's work. Feminism and Citizenship challenges this silence, arguing for the need to collect the debates around citizenship and feminism. The author provides an original reflection on the key issues in political theory and advocates a unique feminist intervention into the sub-themes of citizenship including liberty, rights, social equality, political identity, political representation, and political judgment. Rian Voet moves to develop a feminist notion of citizenship by critically discussing citizenship theories and sub-themes, and identifying rudimentary feminist theories of citizenship. However, unlike most feminist texts that insist political theory takes feminism and gender more seriously, Voet emphasizes that feminist theory should reflect more seriously on citizenship.
Services and the EU citizen
State continuity and nationality : Baltic states and Russia : past, present and future as defined by international law
Migration and transformation : multi-level analysis of migrant transnationalism
Migration and citizenship : legal status, rights and political participation
Gender and citizenship
Russian citizenship : from empire to Soviet Union
Activities for teaching citizenship in secondary schools : lesson plans across the curriculum
Israeliness in no man's land : citizenship in the West Bank of Israel/Palestine
The Profile of a decent citizen: self-evaluations of citizens
Young citizens in Europe : proceedings of the first conference of the Children's Identity and Citizenship in Europe Thematic Network = Les jeunes citoyens en Europe = Junge Staatsburger in Europa
Politics and the other scene
Citizens Signpost Service
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
The republic unsettled : Muslim French and the contradictions of secularism
Whose cosmopolitanism? : critical perspectives, relationalities and discontents
Transnational citizenship : membership and rights in international migration
Religion and the obligations of citizenship
Citizenship and identity in Europe
Citizenships and identities : inclusion, exclusion, participation
The citizenship debates : a reader
Citizenship, political engagement, and belonging : immigrants in Europe and the United States
Another cosmopolitanism
Citizenship and capitalism : the debate over reformism
The activation of citizenship in Europe
The citizenship law of the USSR
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
European citizenship : an institutional challenge
Modern nationalities : a sociological study
Citizenship, civil society and development : interconnections in a global world
The new nationality law
Citizenship : discourse, theory, and transnational prospects
Images and identity : educating citizenship through visual arts
Teaching for active citizenship : research insights from the fields of teaching moral values and personal epistemology in early years classrooms
Democracy, lifelong learning and the learning society : active citizenship in a late modern age
There is strong social and political interest in active citizenship and values in education internationally. Active citizenship requires children to experience and internalize moral values for human rights, developing their own opinions and moral responsibility. While investment in young children is recognised as an important factor in the development of citizenship for a cohesive society, less is known about how early years teachers can encourage this in the classroom. This book will present new directions on how teachers can promote children's learning of moral values for citizenship in classrooms. The research provided offers important insights into teaching for active citizenship by: * providing an analysis of educational contexts for moral values for active citizenship * highlighting teachers' beliefs about knowing and knowledge (personal epistemologies) and how these relate to children's learning and understanding about social and moral values * discussing the impact of teachers' beliefs on teaching practices. Evidence suggests that investment in the early years is vital for all learning, and specifically for developing an understanding of active citizenship for tolerant and cohesive societies. This book will be essential reading for the professional education of early years teachers interested in teaching for active citizenship.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2002, vol. 6.
Political obligation and ecological citizenship
General principles of European private international law
Managing Mental Standards with Corporate Citizenship Profiles
From aliens to citizens : redefining the status of immigrants in Europe
The consumer in public services : choice, values and difference
Politics, citizenship and rights
Building citizenhood in a democratic Cyprus
Statelessness : an obscure phenomenon in international law
Act of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on citizenship of the USSR
Preventive diplomacy through fact-finding : how international organisations review the conflict over citizenship in Estonia and Latvia
The right to have rights : citizenship, humanity, and international law
The future of citizenship
Citizenship, identity and social history
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
Us & them : the dangerous politics of immigration control / Bridget Anderson
An analysis of the concept of citizenship : legal, political and social dimensions
Governing electronically : e-government and the reconfiguration of public administration, policy and power
Theorizing citizenship
Citizenship and democracy in a global era
Liberal virtues : citizenship, virtue, and community in liberal constitutionalism
"In this novel account of global citizenship, Luis Cabrera argues that all individuals have a global duty to contribute directly to human rights protections and to promote rights-enhancing political integration between states. The Practice of Global Citizenship blends careful moral argument with compelling narratives from field research among unauthorized immigrants, activists seeking to protect their rights, and the 'Minuteman' activists striving to keep them out. Immigrant-rights activists, especially those conducting humanitarian patrols for border-crossers stranded in the brutal Arizona desert, are shown as embodying aspects of global citizenship. Unauthorized immigrants themselves are shown to be enacting a form of global 'civil' disobedience, claiming the economic rights central to the emerging global normative charter, while challenging the restrictive membership regimes that are the norm in the current global system. Cabrera also examines the European Union, seeing it as a crucial laboratory for studying the challenges inherent in expanding citizen membership"--Provided by publisher.
"In the Laws, Plato theorizes citizenship as simultaneously a political, ethical, and aesthetic practice. His reflection on citizenship finds its roots in a descriptive psychology of human experience, with sentience and, above all, volition seen as the primary targets of a lifelong training in the values of citizenship. In the city of Magnesia described in the Laws erôs for civic virtue is presented as a motivational resource not only within the reach of the 'ordinary' citizen, but also factored by default into its educational system. Supporting a vision of 'perfect citizenship' based on an internalized obedience to the laws, and persuading the entire polity to consent willingly to it, requires an ideology that must be rhetorically all-inclusive. In this city 'ordinary' citizenship itself will be troped as a performative action: Magnesia's choral performances become a fundamental channel for shaping, feeling and communicating a strong sense of civic identity and unity"--
ICCS 2009 encyclopedia : approaches to civic and citizenship education around the world
Controlling Europe : immigration versus European identity
The Many Shades of Green : a study on the values and action of young environmentalists
Mobile citizens : French indians in Indochina, 1858-1954
Fundamentals of citizenship
Nation-building in the context of post-communist transformation and globalization : the case of Estonia
Nationalism and democratic transition : the politics of citizenship and language in post-Soviet Latvia
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
The ethos of a late-modern citizen
Training for model citizenship : an ethnography of civic education and state-making in Rwanda
"This volume is devoted to the relationship between political and social dimensions of nation-building in Estonia. The authors of the volume analyse the Estonian nation-building since 1991, when the Soviet Union collapsed and Estonia regained independence, in the context of post-communist transformation and globalization. Such a double macro-historical change has brought about highly polarized views in society between the ethnic Estonian and Russian-speaking communities on a number of key aspects of nation-building, like ethnic policy, meaning of national integration, etc. The volume argues that national integration can progress only via formation of a unifying citizen identity in Estonia, embedded within democratic political processes"--Publisher's description, back cover.
Immigrant women and work : qualitative research on integration of working Russian women in Lappeenranta-Imatra area
Working in another country of the European Union
Aristophanic Comedy and the Challenge of Democratic Citizenship finds in Aristophanes' comedies a complex comic disposition necessary for meeting the fundamental challenge of ordinary citizenship. That challenge, Zumbrunnen argues, emerges from the tension between two democratic impulses: a rebelliousness that resists all attempts to impose any form of institutionalized rule; and an inclination toward collective action taken through institutions of popular rule. Democracy demands that ordinary citizens negotiate the tension between these often conflicting impulses. Aristophanes' comedies rest upon and seek to instill in spectators a complex comic disposition that holds a simple celebration of rebellion in tension with an appreciation for the organized collective action necessary to bring about real change.
Challenge to the Nation-State : immigration in Western Europe and the United States
The many senses of European citizenship
Globally oriented citizenship and international voluntary service
Citizenship
On the doorstep of Europe : asylum and citizenship in Greece
The politics of citizenship tests : time, integration and the contingent polity
Citizenship policies for an age of migration
The Latino threat : constructing immigrants, citizens, and the nation
Men and citizens in the theory of international relations
Abstract. - Abstract in Finnish. - Abstract in Swedish
Balancing social citizenship and new paternalism : Finnish activation policy and street-level practice in a comparative perspective
National development discourses within the global development hegemony : a case study of the post-2015 consultations in Tanzania
Citizenship redefined: urban humanities in context
Citizenship rights and freedom of movement in the European Union
The ironies of citizenship : naturalization and integration in industrialized countries
Citizens and aliens : foreigners and the law in Britain and the German states, 1789-1870
In "Democracy Begins with Two" Luce Irigaray calls for a radical reconsideration of the so-called democratic bases of Western culture. In a series of essays covering the earlier 1990s she argues the urgent need for our society to grant full recognition to both the genders which contribute to its functioning. If we are to look on ourselves as fully democratic this recognition must take the form of specific civil rights guaranteeing women a separate civil identity of their own, equivalent to, though not simply the same as, that enjoyed by men. Ranging across topics as diverse as happiness, the family, the construction of the European Union, the transition from natural to civil existence and love, Irigaray exploits her resources as a writer - philosophical, linguistic, psychoanalytical, poetical -to their rhetorical limits. She interweaves her personal experience of an emotional and politico-professional partnership with her re-reading of History, past and present.
Citizenship : the history of an idea
"This book provides a study of contemporary politics in Ethiopia through an empirical focus on language policy, citizenship, ethnic identity, and gender"--
"Social Sciences: The Big Issues third edition offers an introduction to the big debates within the social sciences and to what the social sciences can provide as a means of explaining the changing world. The social sciences focus upon people as individuals and as members of wider communities and networks, and look at all aspects of human relationships from the personal and intimate to the public and political. The book covers contemporary concerns with identities, citizenship, migration, diversity, new technologies, and the changing and often uncertain impact of globalization. The third edition has been extensively updated with new illustrations and examples, and additional discussion of the responses of the social sciences to the mobilities of contemporary life, such as migration, living in multiethnic and often rapidly changing communities, new forms of citizenship, the impact of the material world, the perception that we live in a more insecure and dangerous world and the role of the media in presenting ideas about the changes that might be taking place"--
Becoming British : UK citizenship examinated
Constructing modern Asian citizenship
The effects of globalization on culture : a study of the experiences of globalization among Finnish travellers
This Discussion Paper explores Nigeria's human development aid to Africa, Caribbean and Pacific countries under its international volunteer programme called the Technical Aid Corps (TAC). It critically examines the relationship between participation in international civic service and civic nationalism. Using a combination of empirical and analytical methods, the author is able to provide insights into the impact of two decades of Nigeria's aid diplomacy within the context of South-South solidarity and into the inculcation of values linked to globally oriented citizenship in TAC volunteers. The findings of this study are of value to those interested in emerging African development cooperation in the global South and the expanding notions of citizenship beyond borders. Scholars, development actors and policymakers will find this study refreshingly different and highly informative.
The state and prospects of youth and citizenship
Citizenship, migrant activism and the politics of movement
Political rights in post-Mao China
States without nations : citizenship for mortals
How to integrate international students into private and business life in Ylivieska region
This volume explores the political geographies of children and young people and aims to cement this research area within human geography and beyond. Indeed, the policies that specifically target young individuals and groups, and the politics in the everyday lives of children and youth across all scalar dimensions deserve broad attention. The book is structured in four sections with specific focus on the spatialities of the rights of the child, children and young people’s agency in politics, youthful practice as political resistance, and active youth citizenship. In the 28 chapters, a total of 43 authors based in 14 different countries explicate how issues of youthful citizenship, children’s rights, and children and young people's political agencies cross disciplinary, methodological and theoretical boundaries, with notable geographical variation. Particular attention falls on children and young people’s active roles in different kinds of political situations, environments, processes, and practices. The volume also emphasises that there is scope for future research, not least because of the shifting (geo)political landscapes across the globe.
Sweden in the eighteenth-century world : provincial cosmopolitans
Citizenship and prevention of statelessness linked to the disintegration of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
How to be French : nationality in the making since 1789
Citizenship : pushing the boundaries
Austere histories in European societies : social exclusion and the contest of colonial memories
Soviet citizenship law
Participatory politics : next generations tactics to remake public spheres
"Interrogating the concepts of allegiance and identity in a globalised world involves renewing our understanding of membership and participation within and beyond the nation-state. Allegiance can be used to define a singular national identity and common connection to a nation-state. In a global context, however, we need more dynamic conceptions to understand the importance of maintaining diversity and building allegiance with others outside borders. Understanding how allegiance and identity are being reconfigured today provides valuable insights into important contemporary debates around citizenship. This book reveals how public and international law understand allegiance and identity. Each involves viewing the nation-state as fundamental to concepts of allegiance and identity, but they also see the world slightly differently. With contributions from philosophers, political scientists and social psychologists, the result is a thorough appraisal of allegiance and identity in a range of socio-legal contexts"--
Law and citizenship in early modern France
Liberalism, citizenship and autonomy
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
Gendered citizenship in Sudan : competing perceptions of women's civil rights within the family laws among northern and southern elites in Khartoum
Citizenship and security : the constitution of political being
Beyond communitarianism : citizenship, politics and education
"The social sciences are about people and the relationships between individuals and the social and material world we live in. They are about the social structures which shape - and are shaped by - social forces such as ethnicity, race, gender, sexuality and age and the bodies we inhabit. How are these relationships changing and to what extent and how can people influence change? What are the big issues which concern us today? How can the social sciences help us to understand what is going on? Social Sciences: The Big Issues third edition looks at what matters in terms of what is changing and what remains the same in contemporary life, bringing together personal concerns and social forces. Fully revised and updated, this book explores some of the debates about how we live our personal, domestic and emotional lives at a time of change and disruption, including economic crises and uncertainties. The issues covered include: changing selves and personal lives; the role of consumption and consumerism; materialism and material culture; as well as citizenship, migration and globalization as both opportunities and sources of inequality in the contemporary world and in everyday lives. The third edition of Social Sciences: The Big Issues provides a clear, accessible introduction to the ideas and approaches of the social sciences across a range of disciplines, including sociology, psychology and politics"--
The practice of global citizenship
On citizenship and identity : the case of the Baltic states and the problems in nationalism today
The margin of appreciation and the European Court of Human Rights : case law relating to the Latvian nationality problem
The legal status of third-country nationals who are long-term residents in a member state of the European Union
Feminism and citizenship
Strategies for active citizenship
"Making Citizens in Africa argues that citizenship creation and expansion is a pivotal part of political contestation in Africa today. Citizenship is a powerful analytical tool with which to approach political life in contemporary Africa because the institutional and structural reforms of the past two decades have been inextricably linked with the battle over the "right to have rights." Professor Lahra Smith's work advances the notion of meaningful citizenship, which refers to the way in which rights are exercised, or the effective practice of citizenship. Using data from Ethiopia and developing a historically informed and empirically nuanced study of language policy and ethnicity and gender identities, this book analyzes the contestation over citizenship that engages the state, social movements, and individuals in substantive ways. By combining original data on language policy in contemporary Ethiopia with detailed historical study and an analytical focus on ethnicity, citizenship, and gender, this work not only brings a fresh approach to Ethiopian political development but also to contemporary citizenship concerns relevant to other parts of Africa"--
Weimar publics/Weimar subjects : rethinking the political culture of Germany in the 1920s
Of the people, by the people : a new history of democracy
Western rights? : post-communist application
Citizenships granted
Routledge handbook of global citizenship studies
Citizenship and immigration in post-war Britain : the institutional origins of a multicultural nation
Performing citizenship in Plato's Laws
A political history of national citizenship and identity in Italy, 1861-1950
Participatory citizenship : identity, exclusion, inclusion
Mere Irish and fíor-ghael : studies in the idea of Irish nationality, its development and literary expression prior to the nineteenth century
Religion and politics in Europe, the Middle East and North Africa
Islam and the secular state : negotiating the future of Shariʻa
Declaration of interdependence
Gender and citizenship in a multicultural context
Citizenship education at school in Europe
Multiple and European Union citizenship as challenges to Estonian citizenship policies
The indigenous experience : global perspectives
Disputing citizenship
"The idea for this series began in June 2005, when Kim Rubenstein applied for the position of Professor and Director of the Centre for International and Public Law at the ANU College of Law. The Centre is recognised as the leading Australian academic centre bringing togeth"--
New citizens by birth and naturalization
Recent work on religion and gender in religious studies in Finland
Placing the (Union) citizen at the heart of the project - futile speech or concrete action?
"In many non-Western contexts, modernization has tended to be equated with Westernization, and hence with an abandonment of authentic indigenous identities and values. This is evident in the recent history of many Asian societies, where efforts to modernize - spurred on by the spectre of foreign domination - have often been accompanied by determined attempts to stamp national variants of modernity with the brand of local authenticity: 'Asian values', 'Chinese characteristics', a Japanese cultural 'essence' and so forth. Highlighting (or exaggerating) associations between the more unsettling consequences of modernization and alien influence has thus formed part of a strategy whereby elites in many Asian societies have sought to construct new forms of legitimacy for old patterns of dominance over the masses. The apparatus of modern systems of mass education, often inherited from colonial rulers, has been just one instrument in such campaigns of state legitimation. This book presents analyses of a range of contemporary projects of citizenship formation across Asia in order to identify those issues and concerns most central to Asian debates over the construction of modern identities. Its main focus is on schooling, but also examines other vehicles for citizenship-formation, such as museums and the internet; the role of religion (in particular Islam) in debates over citizenship and identity in certain Asian societies; and the relationship between state-centred identity discourses and the experience of increasingly 'globalized' elites"--
Citizenship today : global perspectives and practices
Ethnicity and democratisation in Africa : challenges for politics and development
Migrant integration policy index
Citizenship and state succession
Well-being for all : concepts and tools for social cohesion = Le bien-être pour tous : concepts et outils de la cohésion sociale
A Theology of Public Life
Cosmopolitanism, identity and authenticity in the Middle East
Care, community and citizenship : research and practice in a changing policy context
This Discussion Paper explores the challenges that ethnicity poses for democratisation and development in Africa. It provides an overview of the literature on ethnicity and democratisation and an analysis of the trends on the continent since the end of the Cold War. In this regard, it critically examines perspectives on the impact of ethnicity on democracy and analyses the ethnicity-citizenship nexus in the context of the national democratic question in Africa. This provides the basis for the analysis of emerging challenges facing Africa and the way forward. The paper provides additional insights into the ongoing debates about democracy and the nation-state question in Africa and is of interest to scholars, practitioners and the general reader.
The political theory of global citizenship
Citizenship and social class and other essays
Consequences of state succession for nationality : report by the Venice Commission
Global citizenship education
Civic education : what makes students learn
Heterotopic citizen : new research on religious work for the disadvantaged
Education for world citizenship : preparing students to be agents of social change
Allegiance and identity in a globalised world
"This book provides rare insights into the nature of contemporary, technologically-facilitated government. Its multidisciplinary approach demonstrates that information technology is more than a tool for politicians and policy-makers. E-government has reconfigured public administration, policy, power and citizenship"--Provided by publisher.
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Strategic support for decision makers : policy tool for education for democratic citizenship and human rights
Citizenship and social rights : the interdependence of self and society
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
Making citizens in Africa : ethnicity, gender, and national identity in Ethiopia
Civic patronage in the Roman Empire
