http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27300 service-based society
service-based society service society
The new social policy
Training university personnel for the information society : the Finnish TieVie project
Rehabilitation, crime and justice
Public-private partnership : initiation and implementation
The multicultural challenge
Human services management : organizational leadership in social work practice
Public enterprise defended : against the conservative attack on public enterprise
Developments in operations research. Vol. 1
Managing front line practice in social care
Social classes and welfare services
Library strategy 2010 : policy for access to knowledge and  culture
The social sciences : the supply of and demand for documentation and data : a report to UNESCO
Service competitiveness and cohesion - balancing dynamics in the knowledge society : XVII International Reser Conference, 13-15 September 2007, Tampere, Finland : programme and abstracts
What do people do all day?
Abstract.
I in the sky : visions of the information future
European information society : towards new challenges
High technology and low-income communities : prospects for the positive use of advanced information technology
Design for policy
The professional side of co-production
Communities and caring : the mixed economy of welfare
Dependency culture : the culture of a myth
Report of the Information Society Advisory Board 2001 : to the Finnish Government on 20 June 2001.
Executive summary (s. 11-14).
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Why cooperate? : the incentive to supply global public goods
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
"Systems and services for the citizen" cluster of research projects : Information society technologies
Scenarios for ambient intelligence in 2010 : final report
Social work and community care
Social work and social care
The Sage encyclopedia of quality and the service economy
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
A paper company's reputation : customers', employees' and investors' views : case M-real
Navigating the fragmented innovation landscape : proceedings of the Third International Conference on Well-being in the Information Society (WIS 2010)
Managing diversity and inequality in health care
Social contract, free ride : a study of the public goods problem
Working with young people in Europe : what we can learn from our neighbours
Information technology incidents in the present information society:viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Information markets : a strategic guideline for the i-commerce
Between summer's longing and winter's end
The history thieves : secrets, lies and the shaping of a modern nation
Service-led growth : the role of the service sector in world development
Services and the knowledge-based economy
Reconceptualising agency and childhood : new perspectives in childhood studies
Social welfare in Third World development
The big society debate : a new agenda for social welfare?
Information services today : an introduction
Ownership and governance of Finnish infrastructure networks
Heidegger, Habermas and the mobile phone
Civicness in the governance and  delivery of social services
Realization of network neutrality in the information society code in user-internet service provider relation
Governance, development, and social work
Families in ageing societies : a multi-disciplinary approach
Disability politics and community care
Evaluation and social research : introducing small-scale practice
Thought and action in social policy : social concerns for the 1980s
The dissemination of information
Working together to deliver e-government  involving staff with change management
Putin and the rise of Russia
Project "Hope" / Proekt "Nadežda" : developing rehabilitation practices for children with disabilities in the Murmansk Area
The virtual customer: a new paradigm for improving customer relations in libraires and information services : Satellite Meeting [IFLA] ; São Paulo, Brasil, August 18-20, 2004 = O cliente virtual: um novo paradigma para melhorar o relacionamento entre clientes e servicos de informacao e bibliotecas = L'usager virtuel: un nouveau paradigme pour améliorer le service à la clientèle dans les bibliothèques et services d'information = El cliente virtual: un nuevo paradigma para mejorar el relacionamento entre clientes y servicios de información y biblioteca
Need analysis : tools for the human services and education
Capturing nested spheres of poverty : a model for multidimensional poverty : analysis and monitoring
Five hundred million children : poverty and child welfare in the third world
After crime and punishment : pathways to offender reintegration
Handbook on e-democracy
Knowledge society in progress : evaluation of the Finnish Electronic Library - FinELib
"Information Markets is a compendium of the i-commerce, the commerce with digital information, content as well as software. Information Markets is a comprehensive overview of the state of the art of economic and information science endeavors on the markets of digital information. It provides a strategic guideline for information providers how to analyse their market environment and how to develop possible strategic actions, also with regard to the persistent problem on piracy. The authors discuss problems of information sociology, information law and information ethics. They present a review of all digital information products, including business, market and press information, legal information, science information, search engines, Web 2.0 services, online music, internet TV, digital games, software and online advertising. It is a book for information professionals, both for students of LIS (Library and Information Science), CIS (Computer and Information Science) or Information Management curricula and for practitioners as well as managers in these fields."
Characteristics of social science information : a selected review of the literature
The Nordic model : challenged but capable of reform
Libraries and society : role, responsibility and future in an age of change
A renewing, human-centeric and competitive Finland : the National Knowledge Society Strategy 2007-2015
SSID : bibliography of social science information & documentation
Class acts : service and inequality in luxury hotels
British civilization : an introduction
New technologies in public administration
Managing electronic services : a public sector perspective
Intelligence services in the information age : theory and practice
Community informatics : shaping computer-mediated social relations
Information landscapes for a learning society : networking and the future of libraries 3 : an international conference held at the University of Bath, 29 june-1 july 1998
Analysing community work : its theory and practice
The Nordic welfare model has received a lot of positive attention around the world. High standard of living, small income disparities and substantial social mobility looks like a very attractive package. Moreover, sound public finances and strong emphasis on environmental sustainability suggest that today's success has not been accomplished at the expense of future generations. But is there really a unique “Nordic Supermodel”, unshaken by the global economic crisis and capable of producing continuous high growth and world class welfare services when many developed economies struggle with the impacts of global competition and population ageing? This book shows that Nordic performance has not been quite as unique or uniform as often claimed. The recent global and European crisis and country specific shocks have affected also the Nordic countries, some of them very strongly. And there are as many variants of the Nordic model as there are Nordic countries. Going forward, also the Nordic countries will be challenged by ageing, globalisation and technological change, some more than the others. On the other hand many fundamentals remain strong in the Nordic countries, and, what is perhaps most important, the Nordics have proved themselves capable of adjusting. Labour market practices, pension policies, and production of public services have been reformed to match new circumstances. Public policies have been aimed at creating new jobs and helping people in transition, not at protecting uncompetitive businesses. There is a strong, rational tradition of consensual policy making. Further reforms are needed, and some widening of income disparities may be inevitable. The message of the book is, however, that refocused and recalibrated in a realistic scale the Nordic model has good chances of thriving well into the future.
Contemporary British society
Summary (s. 8-9).
The information society : a study of continuity and change
By regarding children as actors and conducting empirical research on children's agency, Childhood Studies have gained significant influence on a wide range of different academic disciplines. This has made agency one of the key concepts of Childhood Studies, with articles on the subject featured in handbooks and encyclopaedias. Reconceptualising Agency and Childhood is the first collection devoted to the central concept of agency in Childhood Studies. With contributions from experts in the field, the chapters cover theoretical, practical, historical, transnational and institutional dimensions of agency, rekindling discussion and introducing fundamental and contemporary sociological perspectives to the field of research. Particular attention is paid to connecting agency in the social sciences with Childhood Studies, considering both the theoretical foundations and the practice of research into agency. Empirical case studies are also explored, which focus upon child protection, schools and childcare at a variety of institutions worldwide. This book is an essential reference for students and scholars of Childhood Studies, and is also relevant to Sociology, Social Work, Education, Early Childhood Education and Care (ECEC) and Geography.
Information technology incidents in the present information society : viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Informations- und Kommunikationsdienste : jährliche Statistiken 1980-1995 = Information and communication services : annual statistics 1980-1995 = Services d'information et des communications : statistiques annuelles 1980-1995
The philosophical foundations of social work
Albania - a country in a cross swell : report of the Finnish mission on developmental social issues
A renewing, human-centric and competitive Finland : the National Knowledge Society Strategy 2007-2015
Society and health
An introduction to human services
The services economy : lever to growth
Online Information 2000 : 24th International Online Information Meeting, proceedings, London 5-7 December 2000
Online use of INION databases at the Tampere University Library
Catalog of INION bibliographical databases on social sciences
