http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27357 search words
search words
Britannica book of the year. 1994
Encyclopedia international
Encyclopedia of ethics. Volume 2, L-Index
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 5, Freon-Holderlin
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : the index. A-K
The Cambridge encyclopedia of Russia and the Soviet Union
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 27, Safety-Southern
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 16, Chicago-Death
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 22, Islam-Life
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 28, Spain-Union
The size of learner lexis, exposure to English and looking up words online
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 2, Bayeu-Ceanothus
Expert searching in the Google age
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 18, Education-Evolution
Information searching theory and practice : volume II of the selected works of Marcia J. Bates
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : the index. L-Z
"The information world has undergone drastic changes since the publication of the 3rd edition of The Oxford Guide to Library Research in 2005, and Thomas Mann, a veteran reference librarian at the Library of Congress, has extensively revised his text to reflect those changes. This book will answer two basic questions: First, what is the extent of the significant research resources you will you miss if you confine your research entirely, or even primarily, to sources available on the open Internet? Second, if you are trying to get a reasonably good overview of the literature on a particular topic, rather than just "something quickly" on it, what are the several alternative methods of subject searching--which are not available on the Web--that are usually much more efficient for that purpose than typing keywords into a blank search box, with the results displayed by relevance-ranking computer algorithms? This book shows researchers how to do comprehensive research on any topic.^It explains the variety of search mechanisms available, so that the researcher can have the reasonable confidence that s/he has not overlooked something important. This includes not just lists of resources, but discussions of the ways to search within them: how to find the best search terms, how to combine the terms, and how to make the databases (and other sources) show relevant material even when you don't know how to specify the best search terms in advance. The book's overall structuring by nine methods of searching that are applicable in any subject area, rather than by subjects or by types of literature, is unique among guides to research. Also unique is the range and variety of concrete examples of what to do--and of what not to do.^The book is not "about" the Internet: it is about the best alternatives to the Internet--the sources that are not on the open Web to begin with, that can be found only through research libraries and that are more than ever necessary for any kind of substantive scholarly research. More than any other research guide available, this book directly addresses and provides solutions to the serious problems outlined in recent studies documenting the profound lack of research skills possessed by today's "digital natives.""--
Conceptual art : Fluxus, digital art, agrippa, Tellus audio cassette magazine, Willoughby Sharp, I am acurator, democracy and desire, systems art, Robert Watts, Water Yam, Ronald Jones, sensation, immersion, twentysix gasoline stations, digital painting
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : propaedia, Guide to the Britannica
The Penguin dictionary of language
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 26, Pre-Columbian-Sacred
The New York times guide to essential knowledge : a desk refrence for the curious mind
The Hutchinson unabridged encyclopedia. Volume 6, paper sizes-Short Parliament
The dictionary of philosophy
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 1, A-ak-Bayes
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
Dictionary of ornament
The Princeton dictionary of Buddhism
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 19, Excretion-Geometry
A popular dictionary of Islam
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 20, Geomorphic-Immunity
Drink dictionary
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 29, United-Zoroastrianism
"The Oxford Guide to Library Research spells out the range of amazing resources available in research libraries that cannot be found on the Internet. These include not only the tens of millions of books, journals and other post-1923 printed sources that cannot be digitized because of copyright restrictions, but a rich array of subscription databases in all subject areas that are not accessible on the open Web, but are freely searchable via research libraries"--
An encyclopaedic dictionary of heraldry
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 7, Krasnokamsk-Menadra
The new Grove dictionary of music and musicians : second edition
The Cambridge dictionary of statistics
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 12, Trudeau-Zywiec
PageMaker 7.0 from A to Z : a quick reference of more than 300 PageMaker tasks, terms and tricks
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 6, Holderness-Krasnoje
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 8, Menage-Ottawa
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 17, Decorative-Edison
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences
The Oxford guide to library research
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 13, Accounting-Architecture
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 3, Ceara-Deluc
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 14, Arctic-Biosphere
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 21, India-Ireland
The encyclopaedia Sinica
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 15, Birds-Chemical
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 23, Light-Metabolism
Japan encyclopedia
Biomedical event extraction with machine learning
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 11, Solovyov-Truck
The encyclopedia of censorship
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistik årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 10, Reti-Solovets
Linking - the human rights perspective
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 24, Metaphysics-Norway
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : macropaedia. Volume 25, Number-Prague
Worldmark encyclopedia of the States
Kodansha encyclopedia of Japan. Supplement
The encyclopedia of applied linguistics
A popular dictionary of Judaism
The new Oxford illustrated dictionary
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 4, Delusion-Frenssen
The new encyclopaedia Britannica : micropaedia. Volume 9, Otter-Rethimnon
Advanced Google AdWords
