http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2739 fine arts
fine arts
Symbolic images : studies in the art of the Renaissance [2]
Slash with a knife
Minnen ur Åbo konstmuseums samlingar : Turun taidemuseon kokoelmia : Collections from the Turku Art Museum = Muistoja Suomesta = Memories
Images: critical and primary sources. [Volume 3], Image theory
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
Cartographers : geo-gnostic projection for the 21st century = Kartografi : geo-gnostičke projekcije sa 21. stoljeće
Teach yourself etching : a manual for students, artists and collectors. Herbert Cutner
Handbook of research and policy in art education
The rhythm of thought : art, literature, and music after Merleau-Ponty
Oi munkit, ponnistelkaa lakkaamatta! : buddhalaisten kulttiesineiden näyttely = O munkar, sträven framåt oupphörligen! : utställning av buddhistiska kultföremål = Oh, ye monks, strive onwards diligently : exhibition of Buddhist ritual objects
State of the art
Art source book : a subject-by-subject guide to paintings & drawings : a compilation of works from the Bridgeman Art Library
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
Muuttuva Helsinki : 1900-luvun Helsinki-aiheista taidetta kaupunginmuseon kokoelmista = Förändringarnas Helsingfors : 1900-talets Helsingfors-konst ur stadsmuseets samlingar = The changing face of Helsinki : paintings and graphic art from the city Museum's collections from the 1900s
Images: critical and primary sources. [Volume 2], The pictorial turn
The Itinerants : society for circulating art exhibitions (1870-1923)
Generation of artist's brand image in fine art licensing business
Contemporary self-portraits. Féin-phortráidí conhaimiseartha
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Anarchy and art : from the Paris commune to the fall of the Berlin wall
Contemporary self-portraits. Me as me
Ukiyo : in the floating world : the little pilgrims
Beautiful untrue things : the art of contradiction in Oscar Wilde's The decay of lying
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Summary.
Dinotopia : the world beneath
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
Tribe : excercises in transitory art
Images of rupture between East and West : the perception of Auschwitz and Hiroshima in Eastern European arts and media
Vad naturen ger = Mitä luonto antaa = What nature provides
Encyclopedia of body image and human appearance
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
From heaven to earth : Chinese contemporary painting
Neo Tropicália : when lives become form : contemporary Brazilian art: 1960s to the present
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
Italian art 1500-1600 : sources and documents
Art Museum of the Uzbek SSR : painting
Book of Ruth
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2016! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2016!
Fashination
The Grove dictionary of art
Sound wise: creating applied visual art experiences in Lapland
Art forgery : the history of a modern obsession
Art against war : 400 years of protest in art
Unofficial art from the Soviet Union
Welcome to Iraq : [the pavilion of Iraq at the 55th International Art Exhibition la Biennale de Venezia, Ca' Dandolo, Venice 1 June - 24 November 2013
Surrealism
Between present and past, visible and invisible, and sensation and idea, there is resonance - so philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty argued and so Jessica Wiskus explores in "The Rhythm of Thought". Holding the poetry of Stephane Mallarme, the paintings of Paul Cezanne, the prose of Marcel Proust, and the music of Claude Debussy under Merleau-Ponty's phenomenological light, she offers innovative interpretations of some of these artists' masterworks, in turn articulating a new perspective on Merleau-Ponty's philosophy. More than merely recovering Merleau-Ponty's thought, Wiskus thinks according to it. First examining these artists in relation to noncoincidence - as silence in poetry, depth in painting, memory in literature, and rhythm in music - she moves through an array of their artworks toward some of Merleau-Ponty's most exciting themes: our bodily relationship to the world and the dynamic process of expression. She closes with an examination of synesthesia as an intertwining of internal and external realms and a call, finally, for philosophical inquiry as a mode of artistic expression. Structured like a piece of music itself, "The Rhythm of Thought" offers new contexts in which to approach art, philosophy, and the resonance between them.
Theoria et praxis
There are many ways to picture the world - Australian 'x-ray' pictures, cubist collages, Amerindian split-style figures, and pictures in two-point perspective each draw attention to different features of what they represent. The premise of Understanding Pictures is that this diversity is the central fact with which a theory of figurative pictures must reckon. Lopes argues that identifying pictures' subjects is akin to recognizing objects whose appearances have changed over time. He develops a schema for categorizing the different ways pictures represent-the different kinds of meaning they have-and he contends that depiction's epistemic value lies in its representational diversity. He also offers a novel account of the phenomenology of pictorial experience, comparing pictures to visual prostheses like mirrors and binoculars. The book concludes with a discussion of works of art which have made pictorial meaning their theme, demonstrating the importance of the issues this book raises for understanding the aesthetics of pictures.
The arts & crafts of India & Ceylon
Filming the fantastic : a guide to visual effects cinematography
Architectures of illusion : from motion pictures to navigable interactive enviroments
Possibilities of Art Appropriation in Print Advertising
Fax you : Helsinki-New York, New York-Helsinki, 25 August 1994
Grammar of the edit
Kaksi vuosisataa suomalaista kuvataidetta : taidesäätiö Meritan kokoelma : konststiftelsen Meritas samling = Two centuries of Finnish fine arts : art foundation Merita's collection = Två sekel av finländsk bildkonst
The art of the 20th century : 1946-1968, the birth of contemporary art
Art of Asia
Suomalaista taidetta 1980-luvulta = Finsk konst från 1980-talet = Finnish art of the 1980s
Art models : life nudes for drawing painting and sculpting
Images: critical and primary sources. [Volume 1], Understanding images
The lion in Romanesque art, meaning or decoration?
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
Revisiting the Turkish migration to Germany after forty years
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
With Gilbert & George in Moscow
Erotic photography
Art of the 1930s : the age of anxiety
Ferne Nähe = Remote proximity : Natur in der Kunst der Gegenwart = nature in contemporary art
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
The encyclopedia of visual art. [1]
Entropy and art : an essay on disorder and order
Chinese art
Pictures from agrarian history of Denmark
Vision, image, record : a cultivation of the visual field
This scholarly work is the most comprehensive existing resource on human physical appearance-how people's outer physical characteristics and their inner perceptions and attitudes about their own appearance (body image) affect their lives. The encyclopedia's 117 full-length chapters are composed and edited by the world's experts from a range of disciplines-social, behavioral, and biomedical sciences. The extensive topical coverage in this valuable reference work includes: (1) Important theories, perspectives, and concepts for understanding body image and appearance; (2) Scientific measurement.
The painter's secret geometry : a study of composition in art
Arts in the Rumanian People's Republic
Suomen tekijät = Finland creators
Tor Arne, Carolus Enckell, Paul Osipow : [valokuvat = foto = photographs: Seppo Hilpo, Sakari Vilka]
Jarmo Mäkilä : Dorian Grayn muotokuva = Dorian Grays porträtt = The picture of Dorian Gray
Ethiopia : folk art of a hidden empire
Erotic ambiguities : the female nude in art
Ateneumin taidemuseo : kuvaluettelo = Konstmuseet i Ateneum : bilder = The Art Gallery of Ateneum : illustrations
Encounter 29.3.-22.4.2001
Cuba libre : Kubas zeitgenössische Positionen seit Peter Ludwig = Contemporary art in Cuba since Peter Ludwig
Visual art : a critical introduction
Images: critical and primary sources. [Volume 4], Image cultures
Johan Scott : narkissos = narcissus : 11.1.-4.2.2007
Watercolour
Early Sámi visual artists : Western fine art meets Sámi culture
Possibilities of art appropriation in print advertising
Phenomenologies of art and vision : a post-analytic turn
The aesthetics of backyards : spaces and places in Aki Kaurismäki's films
The new vision : fundamentals of design painting sculpture architecture
Paint or pixel : the digital divide in illustration art
Silence of the forest : essays on creativity and art
Art in boxes
Geometry by tiling? : Geometric thinking based on van Hiele's theory and a Tiling project of tessellations in basic education.
Ars 74
Japanismi Suomen vuosisadan vaihteen taiteessa = Japanism i finländsk konst vid sekelskiftet = Japonisme in Finnish art at the turn of the century
Hypermontage
A.C.A.D.E.M.Y
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Content-based approach to experiencing visual art
Explores the prevalence of art forgery in the Middle Ages, when the issue of false relics and miracles often arose. This title examines the work and attitude of modern master forgers including Eric Hebborn, Thomas Keating and Han van Meegeren, whose productions baffled the art world during their time.
Focus on light : the New Jersey state museum, Cultural center, Trenton, May 20 - september 10, 1967
The book on books on artists books
Eesti NSV kunst = Iskusstvo Estonskoj SSR = The Art of Soviet Estonia
Artists & illustrators : e-lehti
Contemporary self-portraits. Kaasaegne autoportree = Современый автопотрет = Contemporary self-portrait
Design literacy : understanding graphic design
The fundamentals of creative photography
Infinity net : the autobiography of Yayoi Kusama
Digital painting tricks & techniques : 100 ways to improve your cg art
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
Found footage
Void and space
Masters of modern art
Anne Koskinen : the presence of absence : 1996-2002
Jirṍ Kolár 1914-2002 : teoksia Prahan Kampa-museosta Jan and Meda Mládek Foundationin kokoelmista = Verk ur Jan and Meda Mládek Foundations samlingar i Kampamuseet i Prag = Works from the collection of the Jan and Meda Mládek Foundation in Museum Kampa in Prague
Apollo : the international magazine of the arts
Mapping applied visual art: a research journey in the streams of art and design
The art of Eastern Nigeria
Painting digitally : with Photoshop's brush tool
Pastors on the new continent in socialist caricatures
Messenger of truth : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Disabled art : escapism as artistic tactic
Site analysis interpreting the past in the present real art educational co-operation in virtual reality
The Vatican picture gallery
Havana : the new art of making ruins
Kuvan kevät : Kuvataideakatemian lopputyönäyttely = Bildkonstakademins examensutställning = Finnish Academy of Fine Arts degree show, 11.5.-5.6.2011
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Kappaleita - kuvamatka ajatuksiin taiteesta = Fractions - a journey of images into thoughts about art
Art and the future : a history/prophecy of the collaboration between science, technology and art
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2015! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2015!
International handbook of research in arts education
Contemporary discussions of the image like to emphasize art's societal functions. Few studies come close to answering why pictures and sculptures fascinate and intrigue regardless of any practical functions they might serve. In this original, thought-provoking study, Paul Crowther reveals the intrinsic significance of pictures and sculptures. To address the question of how painting becomes an art, Crowther uses the analytic philosophy of Richard Wollheim as a starting point. But to sufficiently answer the question, he makes an important link to a tradition much more successful in giving voice to the deeper ontology of visual art - existential phenomenology. The result is a work that demonstrates the reciprocal relationship between phenomenology and analytic aesthetics. To expand its ontological scope and solve the problem of expression, analytic aesthetics needs phenomenology; while to develop a sustained, critically balanced, and intellectually available ontology, phenomenology needs the discursive force and lucidity of analytic philosophy. This convincing case for a post-analytic phenomenology of art is an important advancement of contemporary discussions of the philosophy of art.
The way the world is..
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
Art and design strengthened by Northern cultures
The "Handbook of Research and Policy in Art Education" marks a milestone in the field of art education. Sponsored by the National Art Education Association and assembled by an internationally known group of art educators, this 36-chapter handbook provides an overview of the remarkable progress that has characterized this field in recent decades. Organized into six sections, it profiles and integrates the following elements of this rapidly emerging field: history, policy, learning, curriculum and instruction, assessment, and competing perspectives. Because the scholarly foundations of art education are relatively new and loosely coupled, this handbook provides researchers, students, and policymakers (both inside and outside the field) an invaluable snapshot of its current boundaries and rapidly growing content. In a nutshell, it provides much needed definition and intellectual respectability to a field that as recently as 1960 was more firmly rooted in the world of arts and crafts than in scholarly research.
The art of India and Pakistan : a commemorative catalogue of the exhibition held at The Royal Academy of Arts London, 1947-8
Contemporary self-portraits. Children make their mark
Taidemuseo : materiaaliluettelo = Art museum : inventory of materials
Empowerment through playing : playing with roles, photos, texts, memories, cards and co-players
Toisto = Once again
Art before breakfast : a zillion ways to be more creative no matter how busy you are
Incite 4, Relax, Restore, Renew : the Best of Mixed Media
Understanding pictures
Fundamentalisms of the new order
Mapping applied visual art : a research journey in the streams of art and design
Vision and design
Our art : the reasoning for the acquisition and placing of the public sculptures of the Jyväskylä City Art Collection in 1977-2007
Gobelin as part of furniture
Ilkka Juhani Takalo-Eskola : Tampereen nykytaiteen museo : 21.11.1987-10.1.1988 = The Museum of Modern Art Tampere
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
