http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27349 genealogies (books)
genealogies (books)
Nurcherus-Anglenius-Simontaival-Simonson : from the family history of Sursill generations
Same- and other-sex victimization : risk factors, consequences, and protection by peers
A storm of swords
The sex diaries project
The Nyman family of Espoo and Ähtävä
the Four Franks
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Finnish summary.
Behind the scenes at the museum
Breadwinners, sportsmen and conforming girls : representations of gender in Finnish EFL textbooks
Ovarian cancer-associated tumor markers CA 125 and TATI
Symptoms of being human
Bovine cytosol estrogen, progesterone and androgen receptor and steroid hormone concentrations in physiological states and in cystic ovarian disease : by Mikko Vesanen
"Simon Watson, a young librarian on the verge of losing his job, lives alone on the Long Island Sound in his family home--a house, perched on the edge of a bluff, that is slowly crumbling toward the sea. His parents are long dead, his mother having drowned in the water his house overlooks. His younger sister, Enola, works for a traveling carnival reading tarot cards, and seldom calls. On a day in late June, Simon receives a mysterious package from an antiquarian bookseller. The book tells the story of Amos and Evangeline, doomed lovers who lived and worked in a traveling circus more than two hundred years ago. The paper crackles with age as Simon turns the yellowed pages filled with notes, sketches, and whimsical flourishes; and his best friend and fellow librarian, Alice, looks on in increasing alarm. Why does his grandmother's name, Verona Bonn, appear in this book? Why do so many women in his family drown on July 24? Could there possibly be some kind of curse on his family--and could Enola, who has suddenly turned up at home for the first time in six years, risk the same fate in just a few weeks? In order to save her--and perhaps himself--Simon must try urgently to decode his family history while moving on from the past. The Book of Speculation is Erika Swyler's gorgeous and moving debut, a wondrous novel about the power of books and family and magic"--
Outlining gender and substance abuse
Traces---of four Finnish families
Game of thrones
Golden age : a novel
The art of being normal
A feast for crows
The Johns Hopkins manual of gynecology and obstetrics
Urogenital tract infection in the bitch
That's what Dad says, anyway : gender representations in Key English textbooks
The Finnish generational accounting revisited
Molecular characterisation of cyanobacterial genera Anabaena, Aphanizomenon, Microcystis and Planktothrix
Gender and education : an encyclopedia
The Continuum complete international encyclopedia of sexuality
The faery's gift
Collision of emancipation and didacticism : the development of Finnish Girls’ Literature 1889- 2011.
"Barkskins opens in New France in the late 18th century as Rene Sel, an illiterate woodsman makes his way from Northern France to the homeland to seek a living. Bound to a "seigneur" for three years in exchange for land, he suffers extraordinary hardship and violence, always in awe of the forest he is charged with clearing. In the course of this epic novel, Proulx tells the stories of Rene's children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren, as well as the descendants of his friends and foes, as they travel back to Europe, to China, to New England, always in quest of a livelihood or fleeing stunningly brutal conditions--war, pestilence, Indian attacks, the revenge of rivals. Proulx's inimitable genius is her creation of characters who are so vivid--in their greed, lust, vengefulness, or their simple compassion and hope--that we follow them with fierce attention. This is Proulx's most ambitious novel ever, and her master work"--
Gender in the book of Ben Sira : divine wisdom, erotic poetry, and the Garden of Eden
Religion : the basics
Moonglow : a novel
Language and gender
"The Sanskrit Mahābhārata" (which contains the Bhagavad Gīta) is sorely neglected as a classic - perhaps the classic - of world literature, and is of particularly timely human importance in today's globalised and war-torn world. This book is a chronological survey of the "Sanskrit Mahābhārata's" central royal patriline - a family tree that is also a list of kings. Brodbeck explores the importance and implications of patrilineal maintenance within the royal culture depicted by the text, and shows how patrilineal memory comes up against the fact that in every generation a wife must be involved, with the consequent danger that the children might not sustain the memorial tradition of their paternal family. "The Mahābhārata Patriline" bridges a gap in text-critical methodology between the traditional philological approach and more recent trends in gender and literary theory. Studying the Mahābhārata as an integral literary unit and as a story stretched over dozens of generations, this book casts particular light on the events of the more recent generations and suggests that the text's internal narrators are members of the family whose story they tell.
Pirates on the Alps : a corrected and expanded 2nd edition, illustrated summary of the coming "Lütziger world history" chapters 1-3
Riley Cavanaugh is many things: Punk rock. Snarky. Rebellious. And gender fluid. Some days Riley identifies as a boy, and others as a girl. But Riley isn't exactly out yet. And between starting a new school and having a congressman father running for reelection in uber-conservative Orange County, the pressure media and otherwise is building up in Riley's life.On the advice of a therapist, Riley starts an anonymous blog to vent those pent-up feelings and tell the truth of what it's really like to be a gender fluid teenager. But just as Riley's starting to settle in at school - even developing feelings for a mysterious outcast - the blog goes viral, and an unnamed commenter discovers Riley's real identity, threatening exposure. And Riley must make a choice: walk away from what the blog has created - a lifeline, new friends, a cause to believe - in or stand up, come out, and risk everything.
The Mahābhārata patriline : gender, culture, and the royal hereditary
Signatures and sacraments : a family story from London's past
Gilead
Slovar' anglijskih familij : okolo 22700 familij = A dictionary of English surnames
Just words : law, language, and power
What have women to do with the rise of canon-consciousness in early Judaism? Quite a lot, Claudia Camp argues, if the book written by the early second-century BCE scribe, Ben Sira, is any indication. One of the few true misogynists in the biblical tradition, Ben Sira is beset with gender anxiety, fear that his women will sully his honor, their shame causing his name to fail from the eternal memory of his people. Yet the same Ben Sira appropriates the idealized figure of cosmic Woman Wisdom from Proverbs, and identifies her with 'the book of the covenant of the most high God, the law that Moses commanded us'. This, then, is Ben Sira's dilemma: a woman (Wisdom) can admit him to eternity but his own women can keep him out. It is Camp's thesis that these conflicted perceptions of gender are fundamental to Ben Sira's appropriation and production of authoritative religious literature, and that a critical analysis of his gender ideology is thus essential for understanding his relationship to an emerging canon. Ben Sira writes a book, and writes himself into his book, creating a possession into which he can sublimate his anxiety about the women he cannot truly possess and the God he cannot truly trust. What is more, if Ben Sira can be considered representative of his scribal class and context, his work may also provide a window into aspects of the larger cultural process of canon building, including the question of whether we would have a canon at all—or have the canon we have—if the men in that particular patriarchal culture had not coded it in the gendered terms that Ben Sira did.
Econometric analyses of family labour supply over the life cycle using U.S. panel data
Ben Sira and the men who handle books : gender and the rise of canon-consciousness
The book of aphrodisiacs
"The impractical vagabond wife & mother" : constructing a woman artist in The Journals of Sylvia Plath 1950 - 1962
The Borgias : the hidden history
Rosemary : the hidden Kennedy daughter
'Minna, the Model' and other stories : gender roles in an English textbook series for Finnish lower secondary schools
Gender in third grade language textbooks of English
The lost : a search for six of six million
School textbooks in the field of socialisation
Diary of the fall
Scholars who accept Ben Sira's comments on women at face-value or ignore parallel comments about men preclude fundamental questions about the functions of these statements and about their contexts. Gender in the Book of Ben Sira provides a distinctly-different perspective on the discourse of gender in the extant Hebrew manuscripts. The focus on wordplay, genre-constraints, and topics named in the book's subtitle - Divine Wisdom, Erotic Poetry, and the Garden of Eden - expands the boundaries for studies of gender.
The book of speculation
Burning (of) ethics of the passions : contemporary art as a process
Gender and bedtime stories : a case study of the books Night night sleep tight and The  Walker book of bedtime stories
Land use rights and gender in Ovamboland, North- Central Namibia, since the 1930s
Riddles of Finnish gender history
Old magic
A dictionary of surnames
The gathering
Gender and the journal : diaries and academic discourse
Holy blood, holy Grail
Karen Green and Constant J. Mews, eds., Virtue Ethics for Women 1250 1500.
The representations of gender in the light of systemic grammar : changes in fourth-grade textbooks of English in 1970-2003
In agrarian economies arable land is the most important form of property and productive resource, so that access to land defines the political and social status of a member of society. This paper examines changes in property and particularly land use rights in North-Central Namibia, paying special reference to gender inequality in access to land. The problem is approached by exploring the coping strategies of widowed and divorced persons after the dissolution of their marriage. Where property rights and gender inequality have traditionally been investigated on the basis of administrative records, survey data or oral information, this paper approaches such problems from a new perspective, through life histories of the Christian population transcribed from parish registers of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia. Linking of the parish register data to anthropological, ethnographic, socio-economic and cultural information markedly widens our scope for discussing rights over communal lands. The paper shows that remarriage was a real solution for many widows and divorced women in the 1930s and 1940s if they were at the best childbearing age. A dramatic decrease in the remarriage rate occurred from the mid-1950s onwards, however, which was related to socio-economic changes in society.
The standout star and the throne of Nigella : constructing gender roles and identities in blurbs
A dictionary of British surnames
Hollstein's Dutch & Flemish etchings, engravings and woodcuts 1450-1700.. Volume 71, The Wierix family book illustrations. Part 2
The island
From boomers to Bloggers: a practical guide for leaders of multi-generational teams
Oxford companion to family and local history
Down with stereotypes! : eliminating sexism from children's literature and school textbooks
Post-socialist masculinity, identity, work, and social change : an analysis of discursive (re)constructions of gender identity in novel social situations
Spanish in a week
A dictionary of English surnames
A clash of kings
Feeling vs. being like a domestic goddess : cookbooks and lifestyle choices
