http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27314 hotel managers
hotel managers hotelkeepers
Your future in hotel management
Accounting for hospitality managers
The hot zone
Your career in hotels and motels
Pavilions by the sea : the memoirs of an hotel-keeper
The changes in the modern environment happen constantly. Individuals and organizations try to cope with the changes. The hotel industry has been showing good economical results globally and in Finland during the recent years, and therefore it is an attractive working environemnt.     The purpose of this qualitative research was to understand the role of mobility in the career paths of the hotel managers in Helsinki. The hotel managers of only one company were interviewed, therefore the results describe the situation in the company X.     The data for this research was collected through literature review, collecting the information about the case company through publicly availabe sources and through informant interview with the company's representative, and through conducting the interviews with eight hotel managers employed by the company X in the Helsinki region. The main research question was: What paths hotel managers of the chain X go through in their careers? Threesupporting research questions were set as well: What role career mobility plays in the career paths of the hotel managers? What types of career mobility are prevalent in the career paths of the hotel managers? What is affecting the individual's decision towards change in the career?    Findings of this study showed that career mobility in career of the hotel managers is represented by developing universal skills, loving own job and networking. Career mobility is rather percieved positively by the hotel managers. The types that are prevalent in the career paths of the hotel managers are physical and pshycological mobility, vertical mobility, moving across the hotel functions and moving across industries. The main affect on the changes in the career have organizational intent and willingness to learn and improve oneself.     It is an interesting topic for the future professionals who are planning to work in Finland in the hotel field as well as for professionals already working in the industry. They can learn from the results of the research that mobility plays an important role in the career paths. Future professional can also see that universal skills acquired especially through experience in front office and food and beverage depatments of a hotel are helpful for the development of a career. Constant learning and imporving oneself are also essential characteristics of career path and should be considered by future professionals.
Qualities of a good manager : case: study in three hotels in Vaasa
International hospitality industry : structure, characteristics and issues
A hotel manager's handbook : 189 techniques for achieving exceptional guest satisfaction
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Essential financial techniques for hospitality managers
The hotel assistant manager
Managing people : a guide for managers in the hotel and catering industry
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki
Employee motivation from the Finnish hotel management perspective : a case study
The purpose of this thesis was to find out if Hotel Managers in Finland take into consideration employee motivation, and if so, how do they motivate their employees and finally, how do they measure employee motivation.  The literature review deals with what motivates people and how to motivate them. Theoretically, motivation was approached from two perspectives. Firstly motivation was approached from the content theory perspective, which stresses that the importance of motivation is what motivates people. Secondly, process theories were reviewed; which goal is to find out how to motivate people.   This study is methodologically a qualitative case study. Open questions and interviews were used as research methods because since motivation is something difficult to measure the author thought that by interviewing those managers, the responses would be more accurate. Data was collected from to two General Managers and one Hotel Manager from Finland in February 2005. Results were analysed with the case analysis method and cross-analysis method.  On the basis of the results, it seems that the importance that managers give to employee motivation varies from one manager to another. The three managers consider very relevant the topic researched, but from the analysis of the results, it seems they put more effort in how to motivate their staff than to discover what motivates employees. All the managers measure their employee motivation through surveys and they do not believe money to be a motivator.  Also in this research it is visible that each manager performs different strategies in relation with motivation, some of them focus more in applying content theories and others believe more in applying the content theories. But all the interviewed managers do something to have motivated employees.
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki.
Sparks erupt when Sedona Snow, who manages a small hotel and tavern on Rainshadow Island with her faithful sidekick, Lyle, and who is trying to put her tragic past behind her, catches the attention of a new Guild boss in town.
Hotel management and operations
At your service : 12 elite hoteliers share insights on hospitality and leadership
Interviewing successful hotel managers
Further case studies in hotel management
Nordic manager training project for the hotel- and restaurant trade
The international hospitality business : management and operations
The negotiation and administration of hotel management contracts
Expatriate hotel professionals in China : case Beijing
The equality in the labour market : the view of the female hotel managers
Internal communication between the reception and the management in a hotel chain
Four Seasons : the story of a business philosophy
Managing hotels effectively : lessons from outstanding general managers
With only 1.7 million women in leadership positions throughout the German hospitality industry in comparison to 3.3 million men in 2004, women remain underrepresented in top management positions. Despite of adjustments by women in terms of higher educational levels, disadvantages in career advancement seem to occur that are reflected in unequal pay, less respected jobs and exclusion from influence. Therefore, powers that support the glass ceiling, an invisible barrier that prevents women from advancing within the organization and reaching their full potential due to biases, appear to exist and complicate women's career advancement.    Hence, the major objective of the thesis was to develop concrete recommendations for women to advance to leadership positions by breaking the glass ceiling. As a prerequisite, the objectives included portraying the current relevance of the issue in Germany and reasons for its persistence. In combination with a literature review, seven women, currently working in leadership positions in the German hospitality industry, were interviewed to acquire insights about their perceptions, interpretations and experiences with the glass ceiling on the basis of a qualitative research approach.     Firstly, research clarified that women actually face constraints during their professional advancement. It seems that they are primarily found in professions of lower value such as housekeeping which corresponds to the idea of vertical segregation referring to the representation of gender in the hierarchical structure of organizations. On the one hand, these barriers seem to be rooted in organizational, cultural, behavioral and structural explanations.     Secondly, on the other hand, alternative explanations revealed that women appear to face self-imposed barriers in terms of being inflexible, lacking ambition and sincere motivation for top positions. Indeed, research indicated that further complexities are interconnected with the issue concerning, for instance, the challenge to balance family and work as well as the understanding of society expectations and changes in leadership styles.     Thirdly, it was concluded that women can obtain top positions on the basis of a career growth control flower scheme. Hence, internal career advancement tools in terms of ambition, confidence and strategic planning have been identified; external support tools from organization, government and society such as gender-sensitive human resources policies also assist in accelerating the career advancement process.
Women's advancement in the German hospitality industry despite of the glass ceiling
Kane and Abel
