http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27398 non-discrimination
non-discrimination
The problem of the color(blind) : racial transgression and the politics of black performance
This book spotlights six themes or lenses for understanding and analyzing education and its relation to oppression and anti-oppressive transformation. It brings together multiple perspectives on anti-oppressive education from various contexts, including K-12 schools, teacher education programs, postsecondary institutions, and community-based organizations. The book provides an array of practical and theoretical resources for educators to explore and innovate ways to confront and dismantle racism, sexism, classism, heterosexism and other forms of oppression in education. Significantly, this 2nd edition boasts ten new chapters as well as new or considerably revised Conversations for each of the six Parts. The chapters provide readers with diverse perspectives for considering anti-oppressive education from a range of content areas in K-12, postsecondary, and community contexts; student and educator populations; social differences; activities; and research methodology. In addition, this new edition significantly amplifies the perspectives and experiences of youth, including those from Southeast Asian, South Asian, and African American communities.
The international covenant on economic, social and cultural rights : commentary, cases, and materials
Realising the right to health : the justiciability of the right to equality and non-discrimination in access to health care treatments under the European system of human rights protection
This Volume focuses on inclusive education for the less than 1 % of school-age population who have been diagnosed with Low-Incidence Disabilities and continue to be marginalized in many ways. This unique contribution provides a wide-range of perspectives on what works to facilitate inclusion in a variety of contexts. In many countries teachers are being asked to ensure that all of their students achieve, regardless of background or disability leaving many grappling with how to facilitate inclusion for learners with low-incidence disabilities. The first section of this text presents strategies and supports for inclusion. It offers the reader examples of good practices that practitioners can employ to improve teaching and learning in their school or classroom for these students and their families. The second section offers a range of international perspectives that illuminate the work being done related to inclusion for learners with low-incidence disabilities within those contexts. This important book highlights the need to include learners with low-incidence disabilities and provides information related to supports and services to achieve that goal across a variety of contexts.
Knock knock - may I come in? : guide to equality in sports and youth organisations
Deciding discrimination cases : the structure of discrimination decisions by the Human Rights Committee, the European Court of Human Rights and the Inter-American Court of Human Rights
Including learners with low-incidence disabilities
Six lenses for anti-oppressive education : partial stories, improbable conversations
