http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27387 humanitarianism
humanitarianism
Humanitarianism and suffering : the mobilization of empathy
Photography, humanitarianism, empire
Scope and content: "On the eve of the American Revolution, the refugee was, according to British tradition, a Protestant who sought shelter from continental persecution. By the turn of the twentieth century, however, British refuge would be celebrated internationally as being open to all persecuted foreigners. Britain had become a haven for fugitives as diverse as Karl Marx and Louis Napoleon, Simón Bolívar and Frederick Douglass. How and why did the refugee category expand? How, in a period when no law forbade foreigners entry to Britain, did the refugee emerge as a category for humanitarian and political action? Why did the plight of these particular foreigners become such a characteristically British concern? Current understandings about the origins of refuge have focused on the period after 1914. Britannia's Embrace offers the first historical analysis of the origins of this modern humanitarian norm in the long nineteenth century. At a time when Britons were reshaping their own political culture, this charitable endeavor became constitutive of what it meant to be liberal on the global stage. Like British anti-slavery, its sister movement, campaigning on behalf of foreign refugees seemed to give purpose to the growing empire and the resources of empire gave it greater strength. By the dawn of the twentieth century, British efforts on behalf of persecuted foreigners declined precipitously, but its legacies in law and in modern humanitarian politics would be long-lasting. In telling this story, Britannia's Embrace puts refugee relief front and center in histories of human rights and international law and of studies of Britain in the world. In so doing, it describes the dynamic relationship between law, resources, and moral storytelling that remains critical to humanitarianism today"--.
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
The selfish altruist : relief work in famine and war
Ideas, practices and histories of humanitarianism
Peter Gabriel : from Genesis to growing up
"This book brings together two sets of development questions usually considered separately: the affective investments in humanitarian and development aid and the latter's use of visual representation and digital media. The author interweaves analysis of both to directly address young people's investments in charitable giving, mediated through websites and tours. Using the example of microfinance - the inclusion of the world's poor people into formal financial services - this book analyzes how the participation of financial inclusion supporters in global poverty alleviation efforts is shaped by affective sentiments, relationships and collectivities".
Visual theaters of suffering : constituting the Western spectator in the age of the humanitarian world politics
The empire of humanity : a history of humanitarianism
Blinded by humanity : inside the UN's humanitarian operations
With their power to create a sense of proximity and empathy, photographs have long been a crucial means of exchanging ideas between peoples across the globe. This book explores the role of photography in shaping ideas about race and difference from the 1840s to the 1948 Declaration of Human Rights. Focusing on Australian experience in a global context, a rich selection of case studies show how photographic encounters between Aboriginals, missionaries, scientists, photographers and writers fuelled international debates about morality, law, politics and human rights. While the camera has been extensively analysed as a weapon of authority, surveillance and control, this volume uncovers a story of photography as a more complex social force. Drawing on new archival research, it is essential reading for students and scholars of race, visuality and the histories of empire and human rights.
The good project : humanitarian relief NGOs and the fragmentation of reason
The Great War and the origins of Humanitarianism, 1918-1924
New media and international development : representation and affect in microfinance
Religion in philanthropic organizations : family, friend, foe?
Britannia's embrace : modern humanitarianism and the imperial origins of refugee relief
Religion in Philanthropic Activity explores the tensions inherent in religious philanthropies across a variety of organizations and examines the effect assumptions about "professional" philanthropy have had on how religious philanthropies carry out their activities. Among the organizations discussed are the Salvation Army, the World Council of Churches, and Catholic Charities USA. The essays focus on the work of one individual, Robert Pierce, founder of World Vision and Samaritan's Purse, and on more general matters such as philanthropy and Jewish identity, American Muslim philanthropy since 9/11, and the federal program that funds faith-based initiatives. The book sheds light on how religion and philanthropy function in American society, shaping and being shaped by the culture and its notions of the "common good."
Supply chain management for humanitarians : tools for practice
The need to help : the domestic arts of international humanitarianism
Spaces of aid : how cars, compounds and hotels shape humanitarianism
Histories of victimhood
Based on the academic thinking alongside a range of professional, expert and insider views, this book brings together some of the most authoritative voices in the field today. It examines how the fast-changing nature of communications throws up new challenges but also new possibilities for humanitarian relief and intervention.
Humanitarianism, communications and change
