http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2730 neck
neck
Jasper and the green marvel
Frontiers in whiplash trauma : clinical and biomechanical
Biomechanical modeling of proximal femur : development of finite element models to simulate fractures
Lipid oxidation and nitration products as activators of cytoprotective Nrf2 signaling in the endothelium
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy : head, neck, upper limb, thorax, abdomen, pelvis, lower limb
Whiplash injuries : the cervical acceleration / deceleration syndrome
Fundamentals of sectional anatomy : an imaging approach
Anatomy Flash Cards (Latin nomenclature edition)
Head and neck anatomy : a clinical reference
Necklaces and pendants
Head and neck trauma : an interdisciplinary approach
Mother-of-pearl jewellery
Head and neck cancer : chemosensitivity to vinorelbine concomitant with radiation and gefitinib in vitro
Mast cells in human epithelial cancers
A dictionary of the Kāshmir̄ī language : compiled partly from materials left by Pandit Īśvara Kaula. Vol. 1-4
Radiation therapy of head and neck cancer with special emphasis on locoregional recurrence and adverse events
Syndecan-1 expression and soluble syndecan-1 in head and neck and lung carcinomas
Head and neck imaging
Conservative management of cervical spine syndromes
Normal findings in CT and MRI
Plastic surgery. Vol. 5, Tumors of the head, neck, and skin
Necklaceology : how to make chokers, lariats, ropes & more
Head and neck : 100 top diagnoses
Head and neck imaging / Vol. 2
Imaging perfusion and hypoxia in head and neck cancer using positrom emission tomography (PET)
The cervical spine
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy 1. Vol. 1, Head, neck, upper limb
Human collagenase-3 (MMP-13) in tumor growth and invasion
Matrix metalloproteinase-8 as a diagnostic tool for the inflammatory and malignant diseases
Photographic atlas of practical anatomy. 2 [part 1], Neck, head, back, chest, upper extremities
Cowl girls : the neck's best thing to knit
Regional and applied anatomy of the domestic animals. Part 1, Head and neck
Physical therapy of the cervical and thoracic spine
A study of neck injury arising from motor vehicle accidents and its clinical management
Surgery of the craniovertebral junction
Plastic surgery. Vol. 3, The head and neck, part 2
Plastic surgery. Vol. 2, The head and neck, part 1
New necklaces : 400 designs in contemporary jewellery
Thieme atlas of anatomy image collection : neck and internal organs
The degenerative cervical spine
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. vol. 3, Head, neck, and neuroanatomy
Ultimate necklace maker
Inspirational Training Guide for Farmers
Biomechanical modeling of proximal femur:development of finite element models to simulate fractures
Biomechanical assessment of hip fracture:development of finite element models to predict fractures
Evaluation of regional and distant metastases in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma patients with special reference to assessment of regional lymph nodes in oral cancer
Necklaces : 20 beading projects
Clinical applicability of MRI texture analysis
"This comprehensive, easy-to-consult pocket atlas is renowned for its superb illustrations and ability to depict sectional anatomy in every plane. Together with its two companion volumes, it provides a highly specialized navigational tool for all clinicians who need to master radiologic anatomy and accurately interpret CT and MR images. Special features of Pocket Atlas of Sectional Anatomy: - Didactic organization in two-page units, with high-quality radiologic images on one side and brilliant, full-color diagrams on the other - Hundreds of high-resolution CT and MR images, many made with the latest generation of scanners (e.g., 3T MRI, 64-slice CT) - Consistent color coding, making it easy to identify similar structures across several slices - Concise, easy-to-read labeling of all figures. Updates for the 4th edition of Volume I: - New cranial CT imaging sequences of the axial and coronal temporal bone - Expanded MR section, with all new 3T MR images of the temporal lobe and hippocampus, basilar artery, cranial nerves, cavernous sinus, and more - New arterial MR angiography sequences of the neck and additional larynx images Compact, easy-to-use, highly visual, and designed for quick recall, this book is ideal for use in both the clinical and study settings. Volume I: Head and Neck Volume II: Thorax, Heart, Abdomen, and Pelvis, ISBN 978-3-13-125604-1 Volume III: Spine, Extremities, Joints, ISBN 978-3-13-143171-4 Torsten B. Moeller, MD, and Emil Reif, MD, Department of Radiology, Marienhaus Klinikum Saarlouis-Dillingen, Dillingen/Saarlouis, Germany"--Provided by publisher.
The Postman always rings twice
500 pendants & lockets : contemporary interpretations of classic adornments
Curls. 2 : versatile, wearable wraps to knit at any gauge
Prognostic markers in head and neck carcinoma
Head and neck cancer : treatment, rehabilitation, and outcomes
An immunotherapeutic approach to cancer of the head and neck
Development, histochemistry and connections of the paracervical (Frankenhäuser) ganglion of the rat uterus : a light and elecron microscopic study
Neck pain : medical diagnosis and comprehensive management
Sectional anatomy for imaging professionals
TP53as clinical marker in head and neck cancer
Wolf-Heidegger's Atlas of human anatomy = Wolf-Heideggers Atlas der Anatomie des Menschen. Vol. 2, Head and neck, thorax, abdomen, pelvis, CNS, eye, ear
Functions of human papillomavirus E5 oncogene in epithelial cells and in the onset of cervical cancer
Ghrelin and atherosclerosis:human, experimental animal and cell culture studies
Diagnostic and surgical imaging anatomy : brain, head & neck, spine
Past and present genetic diversity and structure of the Finnish wolf population
Pattern cutting made easy : a step by step introduction
Imaging of tumour microenvironment for the planning of oncological therapies using positron emission tomography
Adenoviral gene therapy for advanced head and neck cancer
Neuromuscular function and bone geometry and strength in aging
Occurrence of high risk human papillomaviruses and cervical cancer among fertile-aged women in Finland
Scarves
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
Julia S. Pretl's big book of beadwork : 32 projects for adventurous beaders
Ghrelin, metabolic risk factors and carotid artery atherosclerosis
Diagnostic surgical pathology of the head and neck
Drawing the human head : including techniques and the anatomy of the head and neck
500 necklaces : contemporary interpretations of a timeless form
The athletic musician : a guide to playing without pain
Cytotoxicity of bleomycin and external radiation in squamous cell cancer cell lines of head and neck
Otolaryngological endoscopic diagnostic investigations and therapeutic procedures for neoplasms in adults
<em>TP53</em> as clinical marker in head and neck cancer
Metamorphosis : Patinated Jewelry and Exploration of Forms
Head and neck cancer : an evidence-based team approach
In quest of genetic susceptibility to disorders manifesting in fractures:assessing the significance of genetic factors in femoral neck stress fractures and childhood non-OI primary osteoporosis
Clinical anatomy and management of cervical spine pain : volume 3
Human sectional anatomy : atlas of body sections, CT and MRI images
Human papillomavirus type 16 in head and neck carcinogenesis
Pocket atlas of sectional anatomy : computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. Vol. 1. Head and neck
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose <i>(Alces alces)</i>
Signaling in cancer : Pim-1 kinase and its partners
Scarves : Knitter's dozen
Evaluation of regional and distant metastases in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma patients with special reference to the assessment of regional lymph nodes in oral cancer
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
Transforming growth factor beta1 genotype and treatment outcome in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma
Laura McCabe's embellished beadweaving : jewelry lavished with fringe, fronds, lacework & more
Beaded collars : 10 decorative neckpieces built with ladder stitch
Carotid stenosis, endarterectomy, and the brain : brain microcirculation, diffusion, and cognitive function before and after carotid endarterectomy in patients with a high-grade carotid stenosis
Cervical cancer : test and prevention
Muscle stretching in manual therapy : a clinical manual. Vol. 2, The spinal column and the temporo-mandibular joint
