http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27307 biochemicals
biochemicals
Chemicals often have a negative Image among the general public. But there is no material world or indeed human beings without chemicals. The material world is operated by chemicals. The title &quot;Chemicals for Life and Living&quot; implies that the material world is staged and played by chemicals. This book consists of five parts and an appendix. Part 1 - Essentials for life; Part 2 - Enhancing health; Part 3 - For the fun of life; Part 4 - Chemistry of the universe and earth; and, Part 5 - Some negative effects of chemicals. The appendix gives a brief summary of what chemistry is all about.
Biomass gasification and pyrolysis : practical design and theory
Microbial life and deposits in paper machine circuits
Patents for chemicals, pharmaceuticals, and biotechnology : fundamentals of global law, practice, and strategy
National programme on materials and structure research : second progress report
Abstract.
Plastics and environmental sustainability
2008 environment policy review
Focus on environment and trade : EU and US strategies in the nineties
Reproduction parameters of fish as indicators in environmental monitoring
Bioprocessing for value-added products from renewable resources : new technologies and applications
Referat.
Introduction to chemicals from biomass
Microbial transformation of highly persistent chlorinated pesticides and industrial chemicals
Textile toxicity : cytotoxicity and spermatozoa motility inhibition resulting from reactive dyes and dyed fabrics
The biobased economy : biofuels, materials and chemicals in the post-oil era
"It is universally agreed that the era of cheap fossil oil is going to be over soon. Offering timely solutions to our current energy crisis, Bioprocessing of Renewable Resources to Commodity Bioproducts addresses the latest genetic and metabolic engineering approaches towards the development of recombinant microorganisms for the production of commodity byproducts. Suitable for researchers, practitioners, students, and consultants, the text provides a unique perspective to the industry about the scientific problems and their possible solutions in making a bioprocess work for commercial production of these commodity byproducts"--
Bioavailability assessment of sediment-associated organic compounds through desorption and pore water concentration
The revenge of Gaia : why the earth is fighting back - and how we can still save humanity
Industrial biorenewables : a practical viewpoint
Bone toxicity of persistent organic pollutants
Biorefinery : from biomass to chemicals and fuels
Bioavailability assessment of sediment-associated organic compounds through desorption and pore-water concentration
Wood and cellulosic chemistry
Catalytic upgrading of biomass extractives to fine chemicals over supported ionic liquid catalysts (SILCAs)
Symposium proceedings : NBC 2003, Symposium on Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Threats - a Crisis Management Challenge, 15-18 June, 2003, Jyväskylä, Finland
National programme on materials and structure research : progress report
Laboratory safety : principles and practices
Basic laboratory methods for biotechnology : textbook and laboratory reference
Large-scale ecology : model systems to global perspectives
Sustainable development : OECD policy approaches for the 21st century
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Bioavailability and toxicity of chemicals in inland waters : the importance of prevailing water chemistry and implications for risk assessment
Production of chemicals from woody biomass by wet oxidation
Agriculture and environment : bringing food production and environmental protection in developing countries : proceedings of an international symposium sponsored by Division A-6 of the American Society of Agronomy in Cincinnati, OH, 7-12 November 1993
This book provides a state-of-the-art perspective on industrial biorenewables. A selection of industries dealing with biomass as raw materials present their activities and industrial processes. Emphasis on each chapter includes, and is not limited to: discussion of the motivation of that specific industry to use biorenewables; a short history of their expertise and developments in the field; selected current R&D activities using biomass, the aim of the research, type of biomass used, catalysts, achieved products, economics, etc.; detailed discussions of the type of biomass, indicating 1st or 2nd generation, and options to substitute 1st generation raw materials for more sustainable 2nd generation ones; current processes that have been or are about to be implemented at industrial and commercial scales; expectations such as where potential improvements could be made and where academic research groups could help provide pre-competitive and industrially-sound insights and research; and finally, conclusions, prospects, and recommendations for future directions of research.
Catalysis for sustainable energy production
Wood deterioration, protection, and maintenance
Europe's environment : the second assessment
α-pinene oxide and verbenol oxide isomerizations over heterogeneous catalysts
Bioprocessing of renewable resources to commodity bioproducts
Wastewater microbiology
Bioanalytical tools in water quality assessment
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Papermaking science and technology. Book 20, Biorefining of forest resources
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 3, Chemicals, industrial risks and biotechnology
European Community environment legislation. European Commission. Vol. 3, Chemicals, industrial risks and biotechnology
Executive summary (s. 16-23).
Biological degradation and bioremediation of toxic chemicals
Biorefineries and chemical processes : design, integration and sustainability analysis
Saving the planet with pesticides and plastics : the environmental triumph of high-yield farming
Cellulose science and technology
Chemical ecology and phytochemistry of forest ecosystems
Biotechnology in agricultural chemistry
Biomass gasification and catalytic conversion of synthesis gas : characterisation of cobalt catalysts for Fischer-Tropsch synthesis
Industrial biorefineries and white biotechnology
Patents for chemicals, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology : fundamentals of global law, practice and strategy
The biobased economy of the twenty-first century: agriculture expanding into health, energy, chemicals, and materials
Emerging technologies for materials and chemicals from biomass : developed from a symposium sponsored by the Cellulose, Paper, and Textile Division at the 200th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society, Washington, D.C., August 26-31, 1990
The Merck index : an encyclopedia of chemicals, drugs, and biologicals
International environmental law-making and diplomacy review 2008
Introduction to green chemistry
New applications of zoobenthos measurements for risk assessment of chemicals in aquatic ecosystems
Microbiological tests and measurements in the assessment of harmful substances and pollution
NBC 2003 : symposium proceedings
Patenting in the biological sciences : a practical guide for research scientists in biotechnology and the pharmaceutical and agrochemical industries
Fungal tools for the degradation of endocrine disrupting compounds
Chemicals for life and living
Biodegradation and bioremediation
Biorefinery co-products : phytochemicals, primary metabolites and value-added biomass processing
The world according to Monsanto : pollution, corruption, and the control of the world's food supply
The world according to Monsanto : pollution, corruption, and the control of our food supply
Industrial Biorefineries and White Biotechnology provides a look at the increasing focus on developing the processes and technologies needed for the conversion of biomass to liquid and gaseous fuels and chemicals, in particular, the development of low-cost technologies. During the last 3-4 years, there have been scientific and technological developments in the area; this book represents the most updated information and technological perspective on the topic. Provides information on the most advanced and innovative pretreatment processes and technologies for biomass. Covers information on lignocellulosic and algal biomass to work on the principles of biorefinery. Provides information on integration of processes for the pretreatment of biomass.
Exploring biodiversity to enhance bioactivity in the genus Tanacetum through protoplast fusion
