http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27380 game design
game design
Getting started with Unity 5.x 2D game development : build a tower defense game and earn delectable C# treats by baking cupcakes and fighting fearsome sweet-toothed pandas
Game character creation with Blender and Unity
The dark side of game play : controversial issues in playful environments
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Lean pre-production for independent game development
Strategy : a history
Open Source Mazeball Game for Windows Phone
The last half-decade has seen the rapid and expansive development of video game music studies. As with any new area of study, this significant sub-discipline is still tackling fundamental questions concerning how video game music should be approached. In this volume, experts in game music provide their responses to these issues. This book suggests a variety of new approaches to the study of game music. In the course of developing ways of conceptualizing and analyzing game music it explicitly considers other critical issues including the distinction between game play and music play, how notions of diegesis are complicated by video game interactivity, the importance of cinema aesthetics in game music, the technicalities of game music production and the relationships between game music and art music traditions. This collection is accessible, yet theoretically substantial and complex. It draws upon a diverse array of perspectives and presents new research which will have a significant impact upon the way that game music is studied. The volume represents a major development in game musicology and will be indispensable for both academic researchers and students of game music.
Virtual goods sales : new requirements for business modelling?
Games and gamers : business and popularity
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
Game mods : design, theory and criticism
Indie games : the complete introduction to indie gaming
The almost well done game project : case atudy of the anti-patterns in the development process of Urban Empire
Designing game services
Clockwork game design
Designing a guiding and tutorial free beginning for a 3D role-playing game
Works of game : on the aesthetics of games and art
The production & learnings of Trials of the Wolf
Mobile & social game design : monetization methods and mechanics
A game design vocabulary : exploring the foundational principles behind good game design
The play versus story divide in game studies : critical essays
Values at play in digital games
Disposition matrix : the design and development process of a critical war game
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
Ludomusicology : approaches to video game music
Computer-aided game design
Learn how to create compelling game storylines. Four experienced narrative designers from different genres of game development have banded together to create this all-inclusive guide on what it's like to work as a writer and narrative designer in the videogame industry. From concept to final testing, The Game Narrative Toolbox walks readers through what role a narrative designer plays on a development team and what the requirements are at every stage of development. Drawing on real experiences, authors Tobias Heussner, Toiya Finley, Ann Lemay, and Jennifer Hepler provide invaluable advice for writing compelling player-centered stories and effective dialogue trees in order to help readers make the switch from prose- or screen- writing to interactive. Accompanying every chapter are exercises that allow the reader to develop their own documentation, outlines, and game-dialogue samples for use in applying for industry jobs or developing independent projects. This first installment of Focal Press's Game Design Workshops series is a must-have for individuals looking to create captivating storylines for games.
Video games : design and code your own adventure
Process of Gamification : Gamifying a Tourism Concept
Android game programming by example : harness the power of the Android SDK by building three immersive and captivating games
Video game policy : production, distribution, and consumption
Interactive storytelling for video games  : a player-centered approach to creating memorable characters and stories
International yearbook communication design 2016/2017 : Vol 2
Yamove! A movement synchrony game that choreographs social interaction
Serious games : Foundations, concepts and practice
The subject of this thesis was to produce a plug-in for the Unity engine that generates three dimensional planetary terrain models suitable to be used in game development. The plug-in has three main parts: a node editor tool within Unity editor that enables visual design of noise functions to be used on the surface, a robust code for generating 3D models during runtime and a dynamic level of detail system. This thesis details the techniques used and the results of the project. The work was based on previous knowledge learned during creating a similar application using Java. The work was implemented using the Unity engine with C# programming language in MonoDevelop development environment. The work resulted in a working plug-in that was released in the Unity Asset Store.
Steps towards creating socially competent game characters
How visual artists find employment in the Finnish game industry
How games move us : emotion by design
The tool for marketers, HR managers, innovators and educators to learn and desing gamification solution.
Quality assurance testing on video games : The importance and impact of a misunderstood industry
Procedural planet generation in game development
3D game design with unreal engine 4 and blender : combine the powerful UE4 with Blender to create visually appealing and comprehensive game environments
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
Serious game design : supporting collaborative learning and investigating learners' experiences
Procedurally generating a world for the Trials of the Wolf project
The game narrative toolbox
Lecturers can select chapters in a sequence that is most suitable for their specific course or seminar. The book includes specific suggestions for courses such as “Introduction to Serious Games”, “Entertainment Technology”, “Serious Game Design”, “Game-based Learning”, and “Applications of Serious Games”.
Creating and Designing Sound Effects for a Mobile Game
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Learning Unity Android game development : learn to create stunning Android games using Unity
An introduction to Unreal Engine 4
The goal of this thesis was to develop a prototype of a need-based artificial intelligence (AI) for a computer game. The thesis wasn't commissioned by a third party, but was done out of my own interest and to improve my know-how. The AI was developed for Spaceship Captain, a game I have been working on for some time. Spaceship Captain is a story focused, 2D-life simulation/role-playing game for PC. The game’s central feature is random generated non-playable characters and their social AI, highly reminiscent of the AI seen in The Sims. As the complete AI was going to be too complex subject for a thesis, I instead decided to only cover the need-based functionality. The prototype was developed with Unity and Microsoft Visual Studio. The most important methods for developing the prototype were finite state machines, fuzzy logic, navigation meshes and smart objects. The AI of The Sims was used as a jumping-off as it's also need-based. Instead of taking the needs that The Sims uses though, Maslow's hierarchy of needs was used a base instead and later modified further. The AI prototype was successfully developed, though not as expansively as first envisioned. Only a handful of the designed needs made their way into the prototype, but this ultimately wasn't a real issue, as implementing all of the needs as designed, they would've needed additional systems to accompany them. The core of the need-based functionality was however developed as planned. During the writing of this thesis, a handful of points of improvement were discovered with the prototype, but as again they weren't something to be dealt with within the scope of the thesis, they were left for future development.
With this guide to the basics, you'll get in on the game of digital game design while you learn the skills required for storyboarding, character creation, environment creation, level design, programming, and testing. - Teaches basic skill sets in the context of current systems, genres, and game-play styles. Demonstrates how to design for different sectors within gaming including console, PC, handheld, and mobile. Explores low-poly modeling for game play. Addresses character and prop animation, lighting and rendering, and environment design. Discusses the path from concept to product, including pre- and post-production. Includes real-world scenarios and interviews with key studio and industry professionals.
Proteus : a cruise design tool for the future
Video games and the mind : essays on cognition, affect and emotion
Unity 3.x game development essentials : game development with C# and Javascript : build fully functional, professional 3D games with realistic environments, sound, dynamic effects, and more!
Open source mazeball game for Windows Phone
Steam Greenlight for first-time developers : explaining Steam Greenlight from a game developer's perspective
Game art : art from 40 video games and interviews with their creators
Learning C# by developing games with Unity 3D : learn the fundamentals of C# to create scripts for your GameObjects
Choosing Juice : Enabling Fun in Games through Better Visual Design
Learning XNA 4.0
This textbook provides an introduction to the fundamentals of serious games, which differ considerably from computer games that are meant for pure entertainment. Undergraduate and graduate students from various disciplines who want to learn about serious games are one target group of this book. Prospective developers of serious games are another, as they can use the book for self-study in order to learn about the distinctive features of serious game design and development. And ultimately, the book also addresses prospective users of serious game technologies by providing them with a solid basis for judging the advantages and limitations of serious games in different application areas such as game-based learning, training and simulation or games for health. To cater to this heterogeneous readership and wide range of interests, every effort was made to make the book flexible to use. All readers are expected to study Chapter 1, as it provides the necessary basics and terminology that will be used in all subsequent chapters. The eleven chapters that follow cover the creation of serious games (design, authoring processes and tools, content production), the runtime context of serious games (game engines, adaptation mechanisms, game balancing, game mastering, multi-player serious games), the effects of serious games and their evaluation (player experience, assessment techniques, performance indicators), and serious games in practice (economic aspects, cost-benefit analysis, serious game distribution). To familiarize the readers with best practice in this field, the final chapter presents more than 30 selected examples of serious games illustrating their characteristics and showcasing their practical use.
Technology trees and tools : constructing development graphs for digital games
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Designing sound
Practical game development with unity and blender
Writing interactive music for video games : a composer's guide
The aesthetic of play
This paper presents a design case study of Yamove!, a well-received dance battle game. The primary aim for the project was to design a mobile-based play experience that enhanced in-person social interaction and connection. The game emphasized the pleasures of mutual, improvised amateur movement choreography at the center of the experience, achieved through a core mechanic of synchronized movement. The project team engaged techniques from the independent (“indie”) game development community that proved valuable in tempering the constraints to which technologically driven design can sometimes fall prey. Contributions of this work include (a) presentation and discussion of a polished digital game that embodies design knowledge about engaging players in mutual physical improvisation that is socially supported by technology, and (b) a case study of a design process influenced by indie game development that may help others interested in creating technologies that choreograph pleasurable intentional human movement in social contexts.
Educational mobile game : math jump, from concept to a published title
Creating critical gameplay : designing affective player experiences
Snipe Bob: A Game for Android Mobile Phone
Kinetic kid : guiding child interaction within a motion game
Zones of control : perspectives on wargaming
Serious educational games : from theory to practice
Generative sound design : complexity, realness, and quality : including study cases of an interactive 3D environment sound research and a generative sound installation
Essential game design with Adobe Flash
Game magic : a designer's guide to magic systems in theory and practice
Visual Identity, Stylization and Game Design. Case: Harald Hirmuinen
Making democracy fun : how game design can empower citizens and transform politics
Lean Pre-production for Independent Game Development
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : case Spaceship Captain -prototype
This is a renaissance moment for video games -- in the variety of genres they represent, and the range of emotional territory they cover. But how do games create emotion? In How Games Move Us, Katherine Isbister takes the reader on a timely and novel exploration of the design techniques that evoke strong emotions for players. She counters arguments that games are creating a generation of isolated, emotionally numb, antisocial loners. Games, Isbister shows us, can actually play a powerful role in creating empathy and other strong, positive emotional experiences; they reveal these qualities over time, through the act of playing. She offers a nuanced, systematic examination of exactly how games can influence emotion and social connection, with examples -- drawn from popular, indie, and art games -- that unpack the gamer's experience. Isbister describes choice and flow, two qualities that distinguish games from other media, and explains how game developers build upon these qualities using avatars, non-player characters, and character customization, in both solo and social play. She shows how designers use physical movement to enhance players' emotional experience, and examines long-distance networked play. She illustrates the use of these design methods with examples that range from Sony's Little Big Planet to the much-praised indie game Journey to art games like Brenda Romero's Train. Isbister's analysis shows us a new way to think about games, helping us appreciate them as an innovative and powerful medium for doing what film, literature, and other creative media do: helping us to understand ourselves and what it means to be human.
Unity Networking : Developing a single player game into a multiplayer game
Evolutionary design optimization with Nash games and hybridized mesh/meshless methods in computational fluid dynamics
Design for kids : digital products for playing and learning
Game on! toolkit : design your own games, engage people and get results!
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : Case Spaceship Captain –prototype
How to cheat in Unity 5 : tips and tricks for game development
Games, design and play : a detailed approach to iterative game design
Art unknown : raw diamonds from the frozen wasteland
"Features interviews with game developers and discussion of the creative process behind video game development. Includes full-color artwork and concept art from 40 video games"
Beyond choices : the design of ethical gameplay
The game of developing a game : hobbyist game developers as playful entrepreneurs in the Apple App Store
Larp realia : analysis, design, and discussions of Nordic larp
Designing the user experience of game development tools
Creating a mobile MMO game
"With psychological theories of cognition, affect and emotion as a reference point, this collection of new essays offers various perspectives on how players think and feel about video games and how game design and analysis can build on these processes"-- Can a video game make you cry? Why do you relate to the characters and how do you engage with the storyworlds they inhabit? How is your body engaged in play? How are your actions guided by sociocultural norms and experiences? Questions like these address a core aspect of digital gaming-the video game experience itself-and are of interest to many game scholars and designers. With psychological theories of cognition, affect and emotion as a reference point, this collection of new essays offers various perspectives on how players think and feel about video games and how game design and analysis can build on these processes.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Ultimate game design : building game worlds
Gameworld interfaces
Designing a knowledge based puzzle game : case: After Now Archeology
From idea to execution : a comparative assessment of copyright conduct in the traditional and the digital game industry
