http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27384 social cohesion
social cohesion
Proceedings of the second European Cohesion Forum : 21-22 May 2001, Brussels
Order and anarchy : civil society, social disorder and war
Excecutive summary.
Moving up and getting on : migration, integration and social cohesion in the UK
Executive summary (s. 5-9).
Maintaining community in the information age : the importance of trust, place and situated knowledge
In most developed countries immigration policy is high on the political agenda. But what happens to migrants after their arrival - integration and social cohesion - has received less attention, yet these conditions matter to migrants and to wider society. Drawing on fieldwork in London and eastern England, Moving up and getting on is the first accessible, yet comprehensive, text to critique the effectiveness of recent integration and social cohesion policies and calls for a stronger political leadership. Written for those interested in public policy, the book argues that if the UK is to be successful in managing migration, there needs to be greater emphasis on the social aspects of integration and opportunities for meaningful social contact between migrants and longer-settled residents, particularly in the workplace.
The impact of economic and monetary union on cohesion
Social solidarity and fear of crime : community and individual approaches in responses to mass violence after school shootings
The group effect : social cohesion and health outcomes
This monograph analyses and describes successful educational actions with a specific focus on vulnerable groups (i.e. youth, migrants, cultural groups e.g. Roma, women, and people with disabilities). Concrete data that shows success in school performance in subject matters such as math or language will be provided, as well as children, teachers and families accounts of the impact of this success. Alongside, there is an analysis of the relationship between these childrens educational performance with their inclusion or exclusion from different areas of society (i.e. housing, health, employment, and social and political participation). Many studies have already diagnosed and described the causes of educational and social exclusion of these vulnerable groups. This monograph, however, provides solutions, that is, actions for success identified through the INCLUD-ED project, thus providing both, contrasted data and solid theoretical background and development. Some examples of these actions are interactive groups (or heterogeneous grouping in the classroom with reorganisation of human resources), extension of the learning time, homework clubs, tutored libraries, family and community educative participation, family education, or dialogic literary gatherings. All these actions have been defined as successful educational actions, which mean that they lead to both efficiency and equity. Finally, recommendations for policy and practice are included and discussed.
Towards a new partnership for growth, jobs and cohesion : third progress report on cohesion
Unraveling ties : from social cohesion to new practices of connectedness
The crew as a social system
Fostering social mobility as a contribution to social cohesion
A Finnish journalist and naturalized American citizen compares and contrasts life in the U.S. with life in the Nordic region to encourage Americans to draw on practices from the Nordic way of life to create a fairer, happier, more secure, and less stressful society.
The European Union's Cohesion Fund
The new minorities of Europe : social cohesion in the European Union
This volume explores the ways in which social cohesion can be established and undermined. It examines the US and UK, where social cohesion declined in the latter part of the 20th century and Sweden and Denmark, where social cohesion increased, and puts forward a social constructivist explanation for this shift.
Telling the story : communicating cohesion policy together
The state and new social responsibilities in a globalising world = Etat  et nouvelles responsabilités sociales dans un monde global ; [Council of Europe]
The socio-economic impact of projects financed by the Cohesion Fund : a modelling approach. Vol. 1, Introduction and summary ; Literature review ; Vector auto-regression models
Economic migration, social cohesion and development : towards an integrated approach
Cohesion policy in support of growth and jobs : community strategic guidelines 2007-13
Acting locally for employment : findings of the preparatory measures for a local commitment to employment : 2001
Planning, implementation and evaluation of a team-building programme in a female youth football team : an action research case study
New tech, new ties : how mobile communication is reshaping social cohesion
Growing regions, growing Europe : fourth report on economic and social cohesion
The Nordic theory of everything : in search of a better life
Social policy and the Russian North
A new partnership for cohesion : convergence, competitiveness, cooperation : third report on economic and social cohesion
Successful educational actions for inclusion and social cohesion in Europe
Summary.
The socio-economic impact of projects financed by the Cohesion Fund : a modelling approach. Vol. 2, Computable general equilibrium models ; Models of explicit distribution dynamics
Study group on education and training : report : Accomplishing Europe through education and training
On the question of social coherence in the moral philosophy of Rolf Lagerborg
The socio-economic impact of projects financed by the Cohesion Fund : a modelling approach. Vol. 3, Data report
Reflections on the Kvarken Region : prospects for a cross-border region within the European Union
The rise and fall of social cohesion : the construction and deconstruction of social trust in the US, UK and Denmark
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
Minority influence and innovation : antecedents, processes and consequences
Growing regions, growing Europe : fifth progress report on economic and social cohesion
The impact of structural policies on economic and social cohesion in the Union 1989-99 : a first assessment presented by country (October 1996)
Economic crisis, quality of work, and social integration : the European experience
Education, equality and social cohesion : a comparative analysis
Economic and monetary union : Implications for national policy-makers
Community cohesion at the local level : addressing the needs of Muslim Communities : examples of local initiatives
Research and regional development
Behind the myth of European union : prospects for cohesion
Some empirical research results on Finnish soldiers' behavior, group cohesion and informal norms : three military sociological articles
