http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27499 peer work
peer work
In the pressure of academic publishing : call for more accurate, constructive, and faster reviews
Citation analysis in research evaluation
Physics research in Finland 2007-2011 : evaluation report
The aim of this book is not to provide yet another critique of capitalism but rather to contribute to the ongoing dialogue for post-capitalist construction, and to discuss how another world could be possible. It builds on the idea that peer-to-peer infrastructures are gradually becoming the general conditions of work, economy, and society, considering peer production as a social advancement within capitalism but with various post-capitalistic aspects in need of protection, enforcement, stimulation and connection with progressive social movements. Using a four-scenario approach, the authors seek to simplify possible outcomes and to explore relevant trajectories of the current techno-economic paradigm within and beyond capitalism. They postulate that the mature peer production communities pose a sustainable alternative to capital accumulation, that of the circulation of the Commons. They make some tentative transition proposals towards a Commons-based economy and society for the state, the market and the civic domain.--Provided by publisher.
Peer review : a critical inquiry
Peer review and manuscript management in scientific journals : guidelines for good practice
Editorial peer review : its strengths and weaknesses
Group-based exercise training in mobility impaired older women : effects of an outpatient multi-component training program on physical performance, mood, functional abilities, and social welfare and healthcare costs after acute hospitalization
Women's narratives on fibromyalgia, functioning and life events
Abstract (Description).
Peer facilitation and multifaceted intervention in guideline implementation : enhancing care of cardiovascular diseases in primary care
Achievement strategies in adolescence and young adulthood
Using enviroments to enable occupational performance
Prometheus assessed? : research measurement, peer review, and citation analysis
Network society and future scenarios for a collaborative economy
Scholarly publishing patterns in Finland : a comparison of disciplinary groups
Winning reviews : a guide for evaluating scholarly writing
The effects of potentially disruptive technology on business model : a case study of new technologies in ICT industry
This book examines the problems, pitfalls and opportunities of different models of assessing research quality, drawing on studies from around the world. Aimed at academics, education officials and public servants, key features include an overview of the argument of whether research should be assessed and how should research quality be determined. The book offers a survey of research assessment models in the US, UK, Japan and New Zealand and includes an examination of citation analysis, and comparison between the different models.
Online professional development through virtual learning communities
Summary in english.
Exchange students' conceptions on the Kummi Programme at the University of Oulu
Linking theory and practice : learning networks at the service of workplace innovation
Creating community anywhere : finding support and connection in a fragmented world
Supportive communication in Al-Anon mutual-aid groups
The third sector in Finland : review to research of the Finnish thrid sector
Critical eye on education
Writing for peer reviewed journals : strategies for getting published
Peer support groups at Familia Club : evaluation
Enabling technologies for decentralized interpersonal communication
Psychiatric research in Finland in 1995 : a peer review report for the Academy of Finland
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (s. 97-99): I'm stronger than before : the rehabilitation experience of people with long employment histories.
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Breakthrough researh : funding of high-risk research at the Academy of Finland.
