http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27414 mobile apps
mobile apps mobile applications
Mobility data : modeling, management, and understanding
Analysis of user trends and behavior in online and mobile weather and climate services
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Abstract.
The aim of this thesis was to find a best way to advertise short-term sales and reduce paper waste. Another aim was to help the seller to identify a potential customer for a specific product, by means of providing a number of people accessing an advertisement. A mobile phone is one of the widely used electronic devices by many people. Modern mobile phones support a good internet connection. Also, people carry their mobile devices with them even outside their homes. So a mobile application would be a best way to advertise short-term sales. The benefits include reducing the time to reach advertisements from a seller to a buyer, reducing paper waste, and saving money. A client mobile application “Best Sale Application” was implemented to show an advertisement to a user and a back end server was developed to feed the advertisements and provide them to a client application on demand. The developing of a prototype version of Best Sale Application is explained in this thesis. The application runs on Windows Phone and it is able to interact with an early version of Best Sale Server. The back end server side development is explained in the Thesis paper of Ramkumar Patturaj entitled “Server for Best Sale Application”. The proto type version of Best Sale Application carries a significant potential for a future upgrade to a real product to be launched in the Windows Market place for a real user. It will be very useful for a shop owner to reach a potential customer faster and save money compared to a paper advertisement.
The topic of this thesis is important for Finnish schools as the funding of schools has been reduced and it is harder for schools to meet the requirements of law considering students right for education. In this manner comprehensive schools need more convenient and cost-effective ways for recruiting substitute teachers to make sure that the students will get the best possible teaching even when their regular teacher is absent. Substitute hiring and management requires a lot of work even on daily basis in the comprehensive schools. Theoretical part of this thesis consists of human resource management, legal aspects and current possibilities for using IT-tools when managing substitutes. These theoretical parts will be compared with the results of the research about how the substitute teachers are managed and recruited in comprehensive schools in Finland. Baltic countries are also reviewed briefly. The research for this thesis was made with qualitative method by sending a questionnaire to comprehensive school personnel in Finnish schools in order to get information about the actual practices and to get suggestions of how these practices could be developed. The outcome of the research was that the teachers and administrative personnel are spending a lot of time to find substitutes for the absences. The workload is partly due to the fact that the current systems in use are not always updated and the teachers struggle to reach suitable and adequate substitute. Findings of thesis conclude that there is need and willingness to start using IT-tools to support substitute management and that existing substitute databases are not fully utilised. Developed mobile application should connect to several databases such as recruitment service and administrative soft-wares to reach and allow diverse communication between teachers and substitutes.
"As virtual reality approaches mainstream consumer use, a vibrant development ecosystem has emerged in the past few years. This hands-on guide takes you through VR development essentials for desktop, mobile, and browser-based applications. You'll explore the three go-to platforms--Oculus VR, Gear VR, and Cardboard VR--as well as several VR development environments, programming tools, and techniques. If you're an experienced programmer familiar with mobile development, this book will help you gain a working knowledge of VR development through clear and simple examples. Once you create a complete application in the final chapter, you'll have a jumpstart on the next major entertainment medium."--
AmbiNet - A lightweight development framework for ambient application design
Comparing Google’s Android and Apple’s iOS Mobile Software Development Environments
Cross-platform mobile application development
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Urban alphabets : a smartphone application to change public space for the user
Introducing iOS 8 : [swift programming from idea to app store]
Learning iPad programming : a hands-on guide to building iPad apps
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
Creating mobile apps with jQuery Mobile : create fully responsive and versatile real-world apps for smartphones with jQuery Mobile 1.4.5
This bachelor thesis describes multi platform mobile application testing process. Marmalade Software Development Kit was used as a primer environment for development and testing process. The thesis is divided into three major parts. The first describes development environment and target platforms. The second part introduces testing basics. The third part describes actual process of testing of the application. Arcade type game Glow Hockey 3D was a part of research part. This application was tested from the beginning of the development process and is still monitored. The application was successfully released on Google Play market and received mostly positive reviews from the critics. Post release problems appeared, however, their number was not great. As a result, multiplatform testing and development saved a lot of time and money since there was no need to double the application on another platform with different environment.
Online Movie Rental Store Application
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
Location-based mobile services for carrying out daily life in an unfamiliar environment
Letters from the war of ecosystems : an analysis of independent software vendors in mobile application marketplaces
Introductory Programming Ecosystem for Children with Mobile Application
Explaining users' critical incidents of physical mobile interactions
Lost or not? : designing and evaluating user interfaces of mobile map services : the viewpoint of supporting users' location awareness
Professional mobile application development
Architecture evaluation of mobile application and backend system
Study Time - An Android Based Mobile Learning Application
Web design for iMind
Google app inventor for Android
Collaboration in care : design of a mobile health platform to support care management of cystic fibrosis
This book assumes a basic level of experience with standard web development. If you've used jQuery Mobile before, you're good to go. Otherwise, you can pick it up along the way.
Portable Sales Web Application
Mobile Application for Online Contact Synchronization : Phone Contact Back Up Application
Design and implementation of food management system on Android platform with QR code support
Abstract: Party recorder application for Android.
The LNCS volume 9192 constitutes the refereed proceedings of the Second International Conference on Learning and Collaboration Technologies, LCT 2015, held as part of the 17th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction, HCII 2015, in Los Angeles, CA, USA in August 2015, jointly with 15 other thematically similar conferences. The total of 1462 papers and 246 posters presented at the HCII 2015 conferences were carefully reviewed and selected from 4843 submissions. These papers address addressing the following major topics: technology-enhanced learning, adaptive and personalised learning and assessment, virtual worlds and virtual agents for learning, collaboration and Learning Serious Games, and ICT in education.
High performance Android apps : improve ratings with speed, optimizations, and testing
Making user-focused prototype : using design sprint to test, design and prototype mobile app rapidly
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Starting out with App Inventor for Android
Abstract: This project was carried out for the Public Works Department of Helsinki City, and the purpose was to create a location-aware feedback application for the Android mobile platform. The created application was capable of interacting with a remote server and rendering the user interface at runtime depending upon data retrieved from the database. In addition, a web application was also required to be created to handle the database. The mobile application was developed in the Android platform using the Java programming language in Eclipse IDE. MYSQL was used for database design and PHP was used as a server side scripting language. The web application consisted of simple HTML pages with CSS and Javascript. During the project, a localized Android application, capable of accessing device features such as camera and GPS and creating the user interface dynamically, was developed. The web application was also created, and it acted as an interface for creating, viewing and modifying the data in the database. The developed Android application can be used effectively to get feedback from general citizens in workshops organized by the Public Works Department of Helsinki City in the form of general text, images and location information. As the application is localized, it is accessible to people using the Finnish, Swedish and English language.
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Hands-on mobile app testing : a guide for mobile testers and anyone involved in the mobile app business
Java programming for Android developers for dummies : a Wiley brand
Packs six minibooks in one full-color guide: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps. Covers the newest iPad features, functions, and capabilities, including the stunning retina display, voice dictation, the enhanced iSight camera, HD video recording in full 1080p.
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Architecture and design of a virtual network
Gender differences in usage and user experience of Oiva App
Learning and Collaboration Technologies : Second International Conference, LCT 2015, Held as Part of HCI International 2015, Los Angeles, CA, USA, August 2-7, 2015, Proceedings
iPad all-in-one for dummies
Java and android application development for dummies : ebook set
This thesis goes through the process of creating a graphic design of a web page which includes determining all the components and how they can affect the visual outcome. The main task is to create a design plan for a website by creating images with an image editing software with the support of theoretical knowledge, end users’ preferences, and creativity. The aim is to create a modern design considering the responsive functions and the users’ needs. The users’ perspectives, needs, and habits are explored by interviewing companies supplied by the commissioner. The theoretical research contributes technical guidance on making choices in the design of a web page. The designs were made with Adobe Photoshop, which was accessible at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences, as was the recorder used in the interviews. The images in the designs were chosen from the commissioner’s existing website. The colours used in the designs were designated with the help of a colour wheel application. This thesis may be used by the commissioner for their webpage as well as anyone who is working with visual designs and looking for some theoretical explanations. The information covers many aspects of design as a webpage is a whole consisting of many components, such as text, layouts, and various types of graphics.
Creating media for learning : student-centered projects across the curriculum
A design framework for engaging collective interaction applications for mobile devices : a dual process prototyping approach
Web and Cross-Platform Mobile application sharing same code base using modern web technologies
Beginning mobile application development in the cloud
Here & there : designing passenger experiences in air travel
Beginning Windows 8 Data Development : Using C# and Javascript
The main aim of this thesis was to describe how a single UI code could be used in different operating systems. The objective in this thesis was to bring out the main key points how a hybrid HTML5 application can be implemented by using iOS’s NSWebView and Android’s WebView components as a container for a hybrid application. This thesis also describes how a data transfer is done between HTML, JavaScript and native code. As a starting point, a hybrid application was implemented in both Android and iOS platforms. I wanted to implement an application, which would give value for the end users. I studied some time for open web APIs and found out that Finnkino Movie Company was providing a free XML API for their services and the application idea was found. I interviewed some of my friends about the functional needs for the application and also about how the UI should look like. The application itself was designed to use only one platform specific native WebView component. The User Interface was built with the HTML elements and JavaScript because the UI should look the same in both platforms. In my application the native code handles the XML data parsing from the Finnkino’s web API and sends the parsed data to the calling JavaScript function, which will then place the data into the HTML elements dynamically. When the application was completed, all the differences between the platforms were studied and documented into this thesis. As a result iOS’s NSWebView and Android’s WebView components provide a good support for a hybrid application development with some minor differences. The main difference is the performance and how responsive the UI is in these platforms. From the development point of view, I see a great opportunity to implement mobile applications with a web technology, as it is a fast evolving environment introducing new possibilities for the developers in a very fast phase. And from the business point of view, I can see a great opportunity for smaller companies, or individual developers because with a single effort the application UI can be created for multiple platforms and this saves money and resources.
Managing substitute teachers and supporting IT-solutions in comprehensive schools : Finland
Mobile Feedback System in Android Platform: a project of Helsinki city
The best of both worlds : designing a seamless integration of the in-store and digital retail experience
Using locational data from mobile phones in development aid projects : a case study
Context modeling and utilization in heterogeneous networks
Building Windows 8.1 apps from the ground up
A College Android Mobile Application : All the College's information in one place
Effect of enjoyment on attitude and on behavioral intention to use mobile applications when technology use is mandatory
The effectiveness and applicability of different lifestyle interventions for enhancing wellbeing: the study design for a randomized controlled trial for persons with metabolic syndrome risk factors and psychological distress
Mobile-based intervention based on acceptance and commitment therapy : the effectiveness on work ability and perceived stress for individuals with symptoms of metabolic syndrome and psychological stress
Professional Android wearables
Do-it yourself learning in Kenya : exploring mobile technologies for merging non-formal and informal learning
How to make money on mobile applications : the impact marketing channels and network externalities have on applications' popularity
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
SPIKIT : Android speech recognition and synthesis software
Learning Swift : build a solid foundation in Swift to develop smart and robust iOS and OS X applications
The purpose of this thesis is to develop a cross-platform mobile game and to highlight main aspects of the development process. Game project does not have any commissioner company and no specific requirements. In theoretical part of this thesis main cross-platform development frameworks will be compared and main challenges of mobile development will be defined. In practical part the process of development will be described. The practical outcome of the development will be evaluated, the Glow Hockey 3D game submission to mobile app stores; user’s feedback and download rates will be reviewed, and technical aspects of using cross-platform software development tools will be evaluated.
Mobile application for safety management system
Location-based web search and mobile applications
Creating mobile apps with jQuery mobile : learn to make practical, unique, real-world sites that span a variety of industries and technologies with the world's most popular mobile development library
Padworks : building a solo live performance with iPad
Server for a best sale application
Citizen's right to the digital city : urban interfaces, activism, and placemaking
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Addis – A City Guide Mobile Application
Scrum is the most popular agile project management methodology used in web projects today. While most Scrum books tend to be lengthy textbooks that cover every detail of Scrum for all types of organizations, this highly practical book concentrates solely on how best to apply Scrum in web and mobile development projects.
Dearest memories : supporting early parenthood with new media
The aim of this Bachelors thesis was to implement an Android application for the company Visualligent Oy. This application was supposed to act as a base of a mobile game that Visualligent will create later. The base consists of landing page with different login methods and data management. The project started from scratch and the goal was to have a working application with features the commissioner wanted. This thesis describes the process of creating an Android application that uses MongoDB as its database and RESTful API to handle operations between database and application. Theoretical part of this paper covers mobile development and NoSQL databases in general. In addition, native Android development and MongoDB will be addressed more in detail. Application development is also documented with code examples and explanations. The result of this project is a working Android application that meets most of the requirements set by the client. User has possibility to log into application using Google or Facebook account or create a new in-game account. User information is stored in MongoDB database. The result of this thesis will hopefully benefit the actual game development process. This application can also be used in other projects that need similar functionalities.
Programming reactive extensions and LINQ
Mobile first as a best practice in web design
Android ECG Application Development
Automated data collection in mobile applications
Designing home air quality communicator
Enabling play : designing accessible playground equipment for and with children
Cross-platform mobile application testing
Case studies in human information behaviour in smart urban spaces
Smart Technology in Smart Use : UAS Master Symposium IV : Proceedings
Assignment Tracking Android Application
Aspects of using mobile technology and social media in upper secondary school English education
This book is the perfect introduction for anyone wanting to create sophisticated Windows 8 apps for the first time. Assuming only a basic knowledge of HTML and CSS we'll walk you through the development process using C# and VB. The book will familiarize you with the tools you'll need to use in order to make the most of Windows' stunning new features. You'll discover how to take advantage of the built-in functionality to create high quality user experiences.
Unique and clever ideas are important when building a hot-selling Android app, but the real drivers for success are speed, efficiency, and power management. With this practical guide, you’ll learn the major performance issues confronting Android app developers, and the tools you need to diagnose problems early.
Developing Online Promotion Mix For Mobile Application
The empathy challenge : how to become an empathic graphic designer
Professional mobile web development with WordPress, Joomla! and Drupal
Android programming : the Big Nerd Ranch guide
Leading issues in e-learning research : for researchers, teachers and students
Automated analysis of feedback in various formats of data : search for methods and tools to extract insights and information
Coming up with this topic for the bachelor’s thesis was my own idea. However, my lecturer gave me the idea to use the current UbiPIll application and find out if anything else could be added to the application. The main aim of this thesis was to enable one to be familiar with smart phones that use Android and Google maps. In addition, it aimed at enabling one to be able to implement a computer application that can run on a real smart phone that uses Android platform. In order to achieve this, it was necessary to develop a Patient Location mobile application system. The application will be part of the Ubipill project and aimed at assisting the patients to take their medication on time especially the elderly patients. In addition, it had to assist nurses to be able to monitor their patients regularly more easily and effectively. Conducting this study involved a number of methods, materials and devices such as a computer, modem and a printer. The most fundamental one was the online reading materials that assisted in getting to know more about the UbiPill project. In the current world, mobile phones have become very important and vital devices that play major roles in the day-to-day life of human beings. This not only for the fact that they are very useful devices when it comes to communication but for the reason that they come with more and more interesting features with the advancing technology. People are changing towards making use of smart phones because they are able to assist them in doing many different things that an ordinary phone is not capable of doing. Among the things that people do with mobile phones is gaming, finding directions and remind patients to take their medication, which the basis of this research. Mobile phone manufactures have preinstalled games into the mobile phones and Google map application that assist people in finding the directions of a place.Since the development of mobile smart phones and its popularity, the integration of a computer application into a mobile application has been on the rise. These applications are developed to run on the Android mobile phone platform. This is for the fact that Android platform dominates the market of smart phones. The idea behind the application is that some patients forget to take their medication on time or even the caretakers forget to give medication to their patients. The application makes use of notifications to remind the nurses to give medication to their patients and gives them the direction to the exact location of their patients. Nevertheless, there are still possible future improvements that can be done on the application apart from the patient location. One such improvement is making the application to have the capabilities to show the exact correct medication dosage for a particular drug. The result of the study is a working application, which makes use of mobile phones to find the location of a patient that has not taken medication.
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
THE DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF PATIENT LOCATION APPLICATION
SERVER FOR A BEST SALE APPLICATION
Summarizing the content of web pages
Design principles for mobile soundwalk applications
Business model analysis on Android app stores
Mobile applications to support physical exercise : motivational factors and design strategies
A Photo Sharing Application for Android Mobile Device
The research and development of mobile expert application : a study based on a A-to-F innovation process model
Mobile application as a potential key customer base
The research studies mobile applications as a key customer base and it is done for a Finnish sport retailer, Top-Sport Oy. The study examines if a mobile application could be used as a key customer base. The use of smartphones is in rapid growth and companies are increasingly interested in the use of social media and mobile applications. The commissioner does not have an existing key customer base. Technical issues are not discussed in this study. The study intends to show if a mobile application as a key customer base would be a viable solution. Customer needs and expectations are studied in the customer satisfaction survey. Also qualities of existing mobile applications and key customer mobile applications are benchmarked in the study. The study aims to reflect the current situation and future trends. Knowledge base of the thesis consists of mobile applications, growing mobile markets and the related theories. The applied research method is quantitative. Quantitative method has been utilized in the customer satisfaction survey. The survey was given to students of Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management through the intranet 11.12. - 17.12.2013. Total number of responses was 238. The customer satisfaction survey shows interest in a mobile application if an application is easy to download, the content is inviting and has the possibility of personification. The study clarifies new ways to create attractive and innovative content for a mobile application. The study indicates the need for further research, more covering interviews, technical product development and follow up of customer satisfaction after the product has been developed and taken into use.
Nowadays mobile devices play a significant role in a modern human being's life. Today regular usage of cellphones is far beyond only making calls and texting messages. Rapid and constant development of mobile software platforms and their growing popularity attract third party developers to build new applications for such platforms. Equipped with variety of sensors, they have become powerful tools which help in various aspects of life, from entertaining and gaming to examining and keeping track of health. One such useful application of a cellphone could be turning it into a wireless mouse. Sometimes it happens that a computer mouse is forgotten at home and there is not a convenient substitute for it at the moment. However, a mobile phone is such an item which is always close at hand. This thesis aims at designing and creating an Android application prototype which allows using an Android device as a computer mouse. The project relies on data provided by an accelerometer sensor. This work covers relevant theoretical background, such as Verlet Integration, Bluetooth Architecture, data filtering, which are necessary for completing the application (prototype) and implementation details of key aspects of the project.
VAMK Android Application
Getting started with React Native : learn to build modern native Ios and Android applications using JavaScript and the incredible power of React
Creating a transportation app for visually impaired people
Strategies for aesthetic consistency and continuity
iPad for Dummies
Beginning hybrid mobile application development
Mobile digital art : using the iPad and iPhone as creative tools
How suitable are WebSockets for real-time data in HTML5 mobile web applications?
International yearbook communication design 2016/2017 : Vol 2
Want to design and develop iOS apps, but have little or no programming experience? This practical guide will show you how. By eliminating the jargon and simplifying programming into everyday concepts, you'll learn how to use the basic building blocks necessary to build apps for iOS devices
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
The Lightroom Mobile Book : How to Extend the Power of What You Do in Lightroom to Your Mobile Devices
Use intention of SaaS employee advocacy platform : case SmarpShare
Beginning Android development : create your own Android apps today
Learning React Native : building mobile applications with Javascript
A comprehensive guide to enterprise mobility
Web Design for iMind
Strategic mobile design : creating engaging experiences
Context-aware mobile application prototype : backend implementation
Proceedings of the ARea 14 workshop on interaction and user experience design for future mixed reality spaces
Noticed : designing a university-student communication service
Enterprise Mobility Suite : managing BYOD and company-owned devices
Channel switching in a Radio Network Controller
From usability to user experience in mobile learning applications
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
Party recorder Android application
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
Mobile in-application purchasing : a consumer perspective
Cross platform application development with HTML5 for iOS and Android operating systems
Acceptance of technology : exploring the adoption of mobile services for the young elderly
Managing substitute teachers and supporting IT solutions in comprehensive schools
Application development with Qt Creator : design and build dazzling cross-platform applications using Qt and Qt Quick
Ecommerce mobile application with IBM WebSphere
Designing platform independent mobile apps and services
Learning virtual reality : developing immersive experiences and applications for desktop, web, and mobile
Turning an Android cellphone into wireless mouse
User interface design for iOS camera application : project: designing gif video camera application
Cross platform mobile application for slot machines
Mobile application systems in road traffic enforcement : case study: Ghana police traffic unit (MTTU)
Java programming for Android developers for dummies : Wiley brand
Android programming : the big nerd ranch guide
Understanding urban human mobility for network applications
The development and use of patient location application
Social networking services on mobile devices : user interface designs and user experience studies
The aim of this Master's thesis was to build a web server providing an Rest API endpoint which could be used to develop platform independent applications displaying online advertisement content for mobiles and tablets. Reducing wastage of paper, minimizing the cost of advertisement, improving the accessibility of the best discount offer for the end user/customer and maintaining the statistical data of online advertisements are some of the practical problems discussed in this thesis. To achieve that aim it was decided to develop a web service using J2EE with a Java programming language. A tomcat servlet container was used as the web server and MySQL database for storing the information. The advertisements information obtained from shop website as RSS content are polled, parsed and saved in database. This information is available for the application developer as Rest API endpoints pertaining to every shop categorized based on city. Although this project was an internal work during the Master's thesis project, the online advertisement concept still carries a significant potential for future upgrading and a wide utilization in the mobile market. The application and the thesis concept if realized will have overwhelming response from the shop and the end users.
Building successful mobile services
