http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27466 cyber attacks
cyber attacks
"The internet today connects roughly 2.7 billion people around the world, and booming interest in the "internet of things" could result in 75 billion devices connected to the web by 2020. The myth of cyberspace as a digital utopia has long been put to rest. Governments are increasingly developing smarter ways of asserting their national authority in cyberspace in an effort to control the flow, organization and ownership of information. In A Hacked World Order, Adam Segal shows how governments use the web to wage war and spy on, coerce, and damage each other. Israel is intent on derailing the Iranian nuclear weapons program. India wants to prevent Pakistani terrorists from using their Blackberries to coordinate attacks. Brazil has plans to lay new fiber cables and develop satellite links so its Internet traffic no longer has to pass through Miami. China does not want to be dependent on the West for its technology needs.These new digital conflicts pose no physical threat-no one has ever died from a cyberattack-but they serve to both threaten and defend the integrity of complex systems like power grids, financial institutions, and security networks. Segal describes how cyberattacks can be launched by any country, individual, or private group with minimal resources in mere seconds, and why they have the potential to produce unintended and unimaginable problems for anyone with an internet connection and an email account. State-backed hacking initiatives can shut down, sabotage trade strategies, steal intellectual property, sow economic chaos, and paralyze whole countries. Diplomats, who used to work behind closed doors of foreign ministries, must now respond with greater speed, as almost instantaneously they can reach, educate, or offend millions with just 140 characters.^Beginning with the Stuxnet virus launched by the US at an Iranian nuclear facility in 2010 and continuing through to the most recent Sony hacking scandal, A Hacked World Order exposes how the internet has ushered in a new era of geopolitical maneuvering and reveals the tremendous and terrifying implication on our economic livelihood, security, and personal identity. "--
Intrusion detection applications using knowledge discovery and data mining
Cyber war will not take place
Hands-on ethical hacking and network defense
Internet security made easy
Investigating computer-related crime
On iteration-based security flaws in modern hash functions
The legal regulation of cyber attacks
A battle in bits and bytes : computer network attacks and the law of armed conflict
"Here is the ultimate book on the worldwide movement of hackers, pranksters, and activists that operates under the non-name Anonymous, by the writer the Huffington Post says "knows all of Anonymous' deepest, darkest secrets."Half a dozen years ago, anthropologist Gabriella Coleman set out to study the rise of this global phenomenon just as some of its members were turning to political protest and dangerous disruption (before Anonymous shot to fame as a key player in the battles over WikiLeaks, the Arab Spring, and Occupy Wall Street). She ended up becoming so closely connected to Anonymous that the tricky story of her inside-outside status as Anon confidante, interpreter, and erstwhile mouthpiece forms one of the themes of this witty and entirely engrossing book.The narrative brims with details unearthed from within a notoriously mysterious subculture, whose semi-legendary tricksters--such as Topiary, tflow, Anachaos, and Sabu--emerge as complex, diverse, politically and culturally sophisticated people. Propelled by years of chats and encounters with a multitude of hackers, including imprisoned activist Jeremy Hammond and the double agent who helped put him away, Hector Monsegur, Hacker, Hoaxer, Whistleblower, Spy is filled with insights into the meaning of digital activism and little understood facets of culture in the Internet age, including the history of "trolling," the ethics and metaphysics of hacking, and the origins and manifold meanings of "the lulz.""--
The eye of minds
Detection and mitigation algorithm for malicious TCP port scan attacks in software-defined networking
Critical infrastructure protection against cyber threats
Cyber warfare and international law
Spam nation : the inside story of organized cybercrime--from global epidemic to your front door
Future crimes : inside the digital underground and the battle for our connected world
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
Ethical hacking and countermeasures : web applications and data servers, book 3 of 4
"This book is a multi-disciplinary analysis of cyber warfare, featuring contributions by leading experts from a mixture of academic and professional backgrounds. Cyber warfare, meaning inter-state cyber aggression, is an increasingly important emerging phenomenon in international relations, with state-orchestrated (or apparently state-orchestrated) computer network attacks occurring in Estonia (2007), Georgia (2008) and Iran (2010). This method of waging warfare - given its potential to, for example, make planes fall from the sky or cause nuclear power plants to melt down - has the capacity to be as devastating as any conventional means of conducting armed conflict. Every state in the world now has a cyber-defence programme and over 120 states also have a cyber-attack programme. While the amount of literature on cyber warfare is growing within disciplines, our understanding of the subject has been limited by a lack of cross-disciplinary approaches. In response, this book, drawn from the fields of computer science, military strategy, international law, political science and military ethics, provides a critical overview of cyber warfare for those approaching the topic from whatever angle. Chapters consider the emergence of the phenomena of cyber warfare in international affairs; what cyber-attacks are from a technological standpoint; the extent to which cyber-attacks can be attributed to state actors; the strategic value and danger posed by cyber conflict; the legal regulation of cyber-attacks as part of an on-going armed conflict and the ethical implications of cyber warfare. This book will be of great interest to students of cyber war, cyber security, military ethics, international law, security studies and IR in general"--
Terrorism in cyberspace : the next generation
"Here is the definitive book on the worldwide movement of hackers, pranksters, and activists that operates under the name Anonymous, by the woman the Chronicle of Higher Education calls "the leading interpreter of digital insurgency" and the Huffington Post says "knows all of Anonymous' deepest, darkest secrets." Half a dozen years ago, anthropologist Gabriella Coleman set out to study the rise of this global collective just as some of its adherents were turning to political protest and disruption (before Anonymous shot to fame as a key player in the Arab Spring and Occupy Wall Street). She ended up becoming so closely connected to Anonymous that some Anons claimed her as "their scholar." Hacker, Hoaxer, Whistleblower, Spy brims with detail from inside a mysterious subculture, including chats with imprisoned hacker Jeremy Hammond and the hacker who helped put him away, Hector "Sabu" Monsegur. It's a beautifully written book, with fascinating insights into the meaning of digital activism and little understood facets of culture in the Internet age, such as the histories of "trolling" and "the lulz.""--
Unmasking the social engineer : the human element of security
Future crimes : everything is connected, everyone is vulnerable and what we can do about it
The hacked world order : how nations fight, trade, maneuver, and manipulate in the digital age
Tallinn manual 2.0 on the international law applicable to cyber operations
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Mitigating distributed denial of service attacs in an anonymous routing environment : client puzzles and tor
Cyberattack cybercrime cyberwarfare - cybercomplacency : is Hollywood's blueprint for chaos coming true
Cyber security for decision makers
Cyber warfare : a multidisciplinary analysis
Cybersecurity in the European Union : resilience and adaptability in governance policy
Parasitic order machine : a sociology and ontology of information securing
Unsupervised network intrusion detection systems for zero-day fast-spreading network attacks and botnets
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Hacker, hoaxer, whistleblower, spy : the many faces of Anonymous
Cyber and electromagnetic threats in modern relay protection
Enterprise cybersecurity : how to build a successful cyberdefense program against advanced threats
How to measure anything in cybersecurity risk
Industrial espionage : developing a counterespionage program
Security management process in distributed, large scale high performance systems
Understanding network hacks : attack and defense with Python
Practical internet of things security : a practical, indispensable security guide that will navigate you through the complex realm of security building and deploying systems in our IoT-connected world
Evolution of the cyber domain : the implications for national and global security
"The internet today connects roughly 2.7 billion people around the world, and booming interest in the "internet of things" could result in 75 billion devices connected to the web by 2020. The myth of cyberspace as a digital utopia has long been put to rest. Governments are increasingly developing smarter ways of asserting their national authority in cyberspace in an effort to control the flow, organization and ownership of information. In A Hacked World Order, Adam Segal shows how governments use the web to wage war and spy on, coerce, and damage each other. Israel is intent on derailing the Iranian nuclear weapons program. India wants to prevent Pakistani terrorists from using their Blackberries to coordinate attacks. Brazil has plans to lay new fiber cables and develop satellite links so its Internet traffic no longer has to pass through Miami. China does not want to be dependent on the West for its technology needs. These new digital conflicts pose no physical threat--no one has ever died from a cyberattack--but they serve to both threaten and defend the integrity of complex systems like power grids, financial institutions, and security networks"--
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Safe and secure cities : 5th International Conference on Well-Being in the Information Society WIS 2014, Turku, Finland, August 18-20, 2014, proceedings
Surviving cyberwar
Battle in bits and bytes - computer network attacks and the law of armed conflict
Transport layer DDoS attack types and mitigation methods in networks
Cyber weapon target analysis
Future crimes : everything is connected : everyone is vulnerable : and what we can do about it
The coming swarm : DDoS actions, hacktivism, and civil disobedience on the Internet
"Over the Atlantic, an airliner's controls suddenly stop reacting. In Japan, an oil tanker runs aground when its navigational system fails. An in the Midwest, a nuclear power plant nearly becomes the next Chernobyl. At first, these computer failures seem unrelated. But Jeff Aiken, a former government analyst who saw the mistakes made before 9/11, fears that there may be a more serious attack coming. And he soon realizes that there isn't much time if he hopes to stop an international disaster. Zero Day presents a chilling "what if" scenario written in the vein of Richard A. Clarke and Daniel Suarez.
Cyber war versus cyber realities : cyber conflict in the international system
Cybercrime : key issues and debates
Social engineering in IT security : tools, tactics, and techniques
The Stuxnet worm changed the picture of cyber war from abstract to concrete in an undeniable way. This paper studies the implications of recent discovery of Stuxnet and other self-replicating cyber weapons. We describe the state of art in known cyber weaponry and extrapolate the requirements and attributes for potential weapons..
Detection of distributed denial-of-service attacks in encrypted network traffic
IT security failings in key areas of our society
The art of deception : controlling the human element of security
Offensive cyber-capabilities against Critical Infrastructure
[At]war : the rise of cyber warfare
@war : the rise of cyber warfare
Computer security fundamentals
Cyber-physical attacks : a growing invisible threat
