http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27456 meetings (encounters)
meetings (encounters)
Navigating Early
The Penguin spelling dictionary
Never go back
Tabby McTat
Poddy and Flora
Mr Splitfoot
The heart whisperer
The invisibles
The Cambridge handbook of meeting science
"Once again I gained so much" : understanding the value of business-to-business sales interactions from an individual viewpoint
The sea lady : a late romance
Beyond the sunrise
Tabby Mctat
Navigating early
The best of me
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Death of a cozy writer
Time to say goodbye
The world's end
Tapestry of fortunes : a novel
That's my boy
A most dangerous profession
Land where I flee
The basics of English usage
Sonata for Miriam
A cottage by the sea
Now the war is over
A Cottage by the Sea
Winter street : a novel
The taste of apple seeds
The book borrower : a novel
The long shadow
Nights of rain and stars
The mine
Summer with my sister
Italian shoes
Planning and management of meetings, expositions, events and conventions
Think like a man too
Robert B. Parker's Blind spot : a Jesse Stone novel
A survey of English spelling
When good friends go bad
The breaking of eggs
You had me at hello
Thrown together by chance as teenagers at Turning Winds Home for Girls, Nora, Ozzie, Monica, and Grace quickly bond over their troubled pasts and form their own family which they dub The Invisibles. But when tragedy strikes after graduation, Nora is left to deal with the horrifying aftermath alone as the other three girls leave home and don't look back. Fourteen years later, Nora is living a quiet, single life working in the local library. She is content to focus on her collection of first lines (her favorite opening lines from novels) and her dog, Alice Walker, when out-of-the-blue Ozzie calls her on her thirty-second birthday. But after all these years, Ozzie hasn't called her to wish a happy birthday. Instead, she tells Nora that Grace attempted suicide and is pleading for The Invisibles to convene again. Nora is torn: she is thrilled at the thought of being in touch with her friends, and yet she is hesitant at seeing these women after such a long and silent period of time. Bolstered by her friends at the library, Nora joins The Invisibles in Chicago for a reunion that sets off an extraordinary chain of events that will change each of their lives forever.
The J.A.P. chronicles : a novel
Around the world with Justin Bieber : true stories from beliebers everywhere
Island of flowers
Switched
The Long Mars
I refuse
Tough customer
Christmas on Nantucket : a novel
Georgia
Adultery : a novel
The bad girl
English spelling
Death of a cosy writer
