http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27437 War in Afghanistan (2001-)
War in Afghanistan (2001-)
The punishment of virtue : inside Afghanistan after the Taliban
One bullet away : the making of a Marine officer
In October 2001, NATO forces invaded Afghanistan. Their initial aim, to topple the Taliban regime and replace it with a more democratic government aligned to Western interests, was swiftly achieved. However, stabilizing the country in the ensuing years has proven much more difficult. Despite billions of dollars in aid and military expenditure, Afghanistan remains a nation riddled with warlords, the world's major heroin producer, and the site of a seemingly endless conflict between Islamist militants and NATO forces. In this timely and important book, Tim Bird and Alex Marshall offer a panoramic view of international involvement in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2010. Tackling the subject matter as a whole, Bird and Marshall weave together analysis of military strategy, regional context, aid policy, the Afghan government, and the many disagreements between and within the Western powers involved in the intervention. Given the complicating factors of the heroin trade, unwelcoming terrain, and precarious relations with Pakistan, the authors acknowledge the ways in which Afghanistan has presented unique challenges for its foreign invaders. Ultimately, however, they argue that the international community has failed in its self-imposed effort to solve Afghanistan's problems and that there are broader lessons to be learned from their struggle, particularly in terms of counterinsurgency and the ever-complicated work of 'nation-building'. The overarching feature of the intervention, they argue, has been an absence of strategic clarity and coherence. Furthermore, in the continued absence of a clear and coherent strategy for Afghanistan, the threat to Western interests from the region will not be reduced, and may grow.
Military interventions in internal wars : the study of peace or the study of war?
Burke + Norfolk : photographs from the war in Afganistan by John Burke and Simon Norfolk
NATO in Afghanistan : fighting together, fighting alone
Woodward shows Obama making the critical decisions on the Afghanistan War, the secret war in Pakistan and the worldwide fight against terrorism.
The Afghanistan wars
The war on freedom : how and why America was attacked, September 11th, 2001
Leaving theatre : war, politics and intelligence on campaign in Afganistan
A groundbreaking comparative study of the dynamics and pathologies of war in modern times. Over recent decades, Pulitzer-winning historian John W. Dower has addressed the roots and consequences of war from multiple perspectives. Here he examines the cultures of war revealed by four powerful events--Pearl Harbor, Hiroshima, 9-11, and the invasion of Iraq in the name of a war on terror. The list of issues examined and themes explored is wide-ranging: failures of intelligence and imagination, wars of choice and "strategic imbecilities," faith-based secular thinking as well as more overtly holy wars, the targeting of noncombatants, and the almost irresistible logic--and allure--of mass destruction. Dower also sets the U.S. occupations of Japan and Iraq side by side in strikingly original ways. He offers comparative insights into individual and institutional behavior and pathologies that transcend "cultures" in the more traditional sense, and that ultimately go beyond war-making alone.--From publisher description.
"Presented in ... diary form, this substantial volume draws together a careful selection of Cockburn's writings from the frontlines of the conflicts in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria, interspersed with thoughtful analyses and contemporary, original reflection. What emerges is the fine grain and nuance of an unfolding tragedy in which, in contrast to the often facile proclamations of politicians and much of the media: "These are not black-and-white situations, good guys against bad, vile tyrant against a risen people like a scene out of Les Miserables. It is astonishing and depressing to see Western governments committing their countries to wars without recognizing this basic fact." The conflicts being fueled by such misunderstandings are today spilling over to cities in the West, provoking a backlash that learns little from recent history and is likely only to make things worse.--Publisher.
None of us were like this before : American soldiers and torture
Trident K9 warriors : my tale from the training ground to the battlefield with elite Navy SEAL canines
No good men among the living : America, the Taliban, and the war through Afghan eyes
Selling a 'just' war : framing, legitimacy, and US military intervention
Counterinsurgency in modern warfare
The hunt for Bin Laden : Task Force Dagger
Afghanistan from the cold war through the war on terror
The punishment of virtue
Ashley's war : the untold story of a team of women soldiers on the special ops battlefield
Bush at war
An intimate war : an oral history of the Helmand Conflict, 1978-2012
Prospects for sustainable return : Iraqi and Afghan asylum seekers in Finland
At the going down of the sun : love, loss and sacrifice in Afghanistan
In this book, the author focuses on southern Afghanistan in the year of Obama's surge. This is the story of the long arc of American involvement, and of the campaign to salvage a victory in southern Afghanistan on Obama's watch., and reveals the epic tug of war that occurred between the President and a military that, once on the ground, increasingly went its own way.
War comes to Garmser : thirty years of conflict on the Afghan frontier
Cables from Kabul : the inside story of the West's Afghanistan campaign
Afghanistan : how the west lost its way
The insurgents : David Petraeus and the plot to change the American way of war
Talibanistan : negotiating the borders between terror, politics, and religion
"Malalai Joya has been called "the bravest woman in Afghanistan." At a constitutional assembly in Kabul in 2003, she stood up and denounced her country's powerful NATO-backed warlords. She was twenty-five years old. Two years later, she became the youngest person elected to Afghanistans new Parliament. In 2007, she was suspended from Parliament for her persistent criticism of the warlords and drug barons and their cronies. She has survived four assassination attempts to date, is accompanied at all times by armed guards, and sleeps only in safehouses." "Often compared to democratic leaders such as Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi, this extraordinary young woman was raised in the refugee camps of Iran and Pakistan. Inspired in part by her father's activism, Malalai became a teacher in secret girls' schools, holding classes in a series of basements. She hid her books under her burqa so the Taliban couldn't find them. She also helped establish a free medical clinic and orphanage in her impoverished home province of Farah. The endless wars of Mghanistan have created a generation of children without parents. Like so many others who have lost people they care about, Malalai lost one of her orphans when the girl's family members sold her into marriage." "While many have talked about the serious plight of women in Afghanistan, Malalai Joya takes us inside the country and shows us the desperate day-to-day situations these remarkable people face at every turn. She recounts some of the many acts of rebellion that are helping to change the country the women who bravely take to the streets in peaceful protest against their oppression; the men who step forward and claim "I am her mahram," so the fundamentalists won't punish a woman for walking alone; and the families that give their basements as classrooms for female students."
Killing the cranes : a reporter's journey through three decades of war in Afghanistan
One dog at a time : saving the strays of Afghanistan
Augustinian just war theory and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq : confessions, contentions, and the lust for power
Empires of mud : war and warlords of Afghanistan
Weaponizing anthropology : social science in the service of the militarized state
The junior officers' reading club : killing time and fighting wars
Humanitarian soldiers, colonialised others and invisible enemies : visual strategic communication narratives of the Afghan war
The age of Jihad : Islamic State and the great war for the Middle East
Historical experience - burden or bonus in today's wars? : the British Army and the Bundeswehr in Afghanistan
Ghost wars : the secret history of the CIA, Afghanistan, and bin Laden, from the Soviet invasion to September 10, 2001
Decoding the new Taliban : insights from the Afghan field
In the graveyard of empires : America's war in Afghanistan
The ongoing battle for hearts and minds in Iraq and Afghanistan is a military strategy inspired originally by efforts at domestic social control and counter insurgency in the US. Price here documents how anthropological knowledge and methods are harnessed by military and intelligence agencies in post 9/11 America to placate hostile foreign populations. He outlines the ethical implications of appropriating this traditional academic discourse for use by embedded, militarised research teams.
War from the ground up : twenty-first century combat as politics
The 9/11 wars
Perpetual war : cosmopolitanism from the viewpoint of violence
Bush's wars
Mercenaries, pirates, bandits and empires : private violence in historical context
Drone wars : transforming conflict, law, and policy
Chain of command
In focus: September 11, 2001
Rethinking the nature of war
The Taliban and the crisis of Afghanistan
Incoherent empire
Talibanistan : negotiating the borders between terror, politics and religion
In the tradition of Ayaan Hirsi Ali's "Infidel," and also the subject of an award-winning documentary, this impassioned, first-person account tells of a courageous young Afghani woman who risks her life by denouncing the powerful warlords in her country.
How America gets away with murder, illegal wars, collateral damage and crimes against humanity
Cultures of war : Pearl Harbor / Hiroshima / 9-11 / Iraq
Known and unknown : a memoir
Massoud : an intimate portrait of the legendary Afghan leader
The president of good and evil : the ethics of George W. Bush
Good Muslim, bad Muslim : America, the Cold War, and the roots of terror
A woman among warlords : the extraordinary story of an Afghan who dared to raise her voice
Afghanistan : aid, armies and empires
Duty : memoirs of a Secretary at war
"Dispels the idea of 'good' (secular, westernized) and 'bad' (premodern, fanatical) Muslims, pointing out that these judgments refer to political rather than cultural or religious identities ... Argues that political Islam emerged as the result of a modern encounter with Western power, and that the terrorist movement at the center of Islamist politics is an even more recent phenomenon, one that followed America's embrace of proxy war after its defeat in Vietnam"--jacket.
War without end : the rise of Islamist terrorism and global response
Afghanistan : to 2015 and beyond
Tom Chamberlain was always destined to be a soldier. From the moment when, as a young boy, he discovered a faded picture of his father patrolling the streets of Belfast his path was set. And despite all entreaties, the tragic early loss of his beloved father to illness, and even his own better judgement, the lure of the Army proved irresistible. With the long war in Afghanistan at its savage peak, Tom is despatched from home with his men in the dead of an anonymous September night, a blood tribute leaving the country without fanfare. Full of eagerness, but wracked by self-doubt, he must discover both who he is and what he is capable of in a nightmarish land of heat, hardship and terrifying enemies seen and unseen.
Good war : why we couldn't win the war or the peace in Afghanistan
The war in Afghanistan : a legal analysis
The Afghanistan challenge : hard realities and strategic choices
Picturing Afghanistan : the photography of foreign conflict
The former Secretary of Defense offers a candid account of serving Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama during the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Ritland started his own company training and supplying dogs for the SEAL teams, U.S. Government, and Department of Defense. In "Trident K9 Warriors" he gives readers an inside look at these elite canines--who they are, how they are trained, and the extreme missions they undertake saving countless lives, asking for little in the way of reward.
Lessons encountered : learning from the long war
Little America : the war within the war for Afghanistan
WikiLeaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
