http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2747 objectives
objectives
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
Potential for Single-Case Evaluation in Employment Services : Goal Attainment Scaling Method for Difficult-to-Employ Jobseekers
Slam dunk. Vol. 7 : The end of the basketball team
Learning to play ice hockey through game situation roles and objectives
The Power of negative thinking : an unconventional approach to achieving positive results
Owner-managers' goal orientation : an analysis of personal and organizational goals in small owner-managed firms
New perspectives on the library of the 21st century
Individual player developmental model in ice-hockey
Administrative reform and capacity building : the case of primary education in Bangladesh
Weakness of will
Intrinsic and extrinsic motivation : the search for optimal motivation and performance
Anders Ericsson has spent thirty years studying The Special Ones, the geniuses, sports stars and musical prodigies. And his remarkable finding, revealed in Peak, is that their special abilities are acquired through training. The innate gift of talent is a myth. Exceptional individuals are born with just one unique ability, shared by us all the ability to develop our brains and bodies through our own efforts.
Behavioural regulation, mental toughness, and achievement goals : a cross-cultural comparison between Singaporean and Finnish youth athletes
Abstract.
Liberal adult education - perspectives and projects
Enchancing coaches' professional development through a goal setting program : an action research cross-case study
The goals of medicine : setting new priorities
Public libraries as agents of communication : a semiotic analysis
Put your dream to the test : 10 questions that will help you see it and seize it
Wallace D. Wattles' the science of getting rich : a modern-day interpretation of a personal finance classic
Establishing conservation management for avian threatened species
Ever since he saw the legendary player known as the "Little Giant" compete at the national volleyball finals, Shoyo Hinata has been aiming to be the best volleyball player ever! He decides to join the team at the high school the Little Giant went to-and then surpass him. Who says you need to be tall to play volleyball when you can jump higher than anyone else? After losing his first and last volleyball match against Tobio Kageyama, "the King of the Court," Shoyo Hinata swears to become his rival after graduating middle school. But what happens when the guy he wants to defeat ends up being his teammate?!
Smarter faster better : the secrets of productivity in life and business
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
After proving themselves to be the ultimate combination in their practice match against Tsukishima, Kageyama and Hinata are finally allowed to join the club! Hinata's true power-to perfectly time his spikes with his eyes closed-is awakened and nothing can seem to stop this crazy setter-spiker duo. Now their skills are about to put to the test at a practice match against one of Kageyama's former teammates from middle school, Toru Oikawa.
Behavioral objectives : evaluation in nursing
Personal projects and subjective well-being
Strategic management : concepts
Developing technology education : in search of curriculum elements for Finnish general education schools
The life coach workbook
Demonstrating the Applicability of PAINT to Computationally Expensive Real-life Multiobjective Optimization
Slam dunk. Vol. 3 : The challenge of the common shot
Small move, big change : using microresolutions to transform your life permanently
Slam dunk. Vol. 9 : A team of troubled teens
The little book of thinking big : aim higher and go further than you ever thought possible
The best family business case study in progress - Winner of the 2008 EJFBS student's case study competition: Family business as a platform for growth venturing? The family influence on growth venture goal-setting
Slam dunk. Vol. 24 : For victory
Aligning individual and organizational goals
Self/less
Life - Faith - Prayer : confirmation training plan 2001
The miracle morning : the 6 habits that will transform your life before 8am
Goal-setting for Finnish forest research policy of the 1970's : a plan concerning the potential effectiveness of forest research activities in the implementation of the Government science policy program
Scrum : the art of doing twice the work in half the time
Be the best at what matters most : the only strategy you will ever need
Hustle is a step-by-step guide to breaking out of the monotony of the 9-5 lifestyle and making your dreams a reality. It lays out the tools you need to realise the work you enjoy and gain the confidence and motivation to be in charge of your own adventures. In a world where loyalty doesn’t translate into success learn how to get ahead and discover a more imaginative way of living.
Slam dunk. Vol. 14 : The best
Write it down, make it happen : knowing what you want-- and getting it!
The awakening course : the secret to solving all problems
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Motivational and cognitive predictors of goal setting and task performance
Diversities and interculturality in textbooks : Finland as an example
Objectives and motivations of small-scale forest owners : theoretical modelling and qualitative assessment
The Dakar framework for action : education for all : meeting our collective commitments : adopted by the World Education Forum, Dakar, Senegal, 26-28 April 2000.
ICT and curriculum change
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
Now is the time to do what you love : how to make the career move that will change your life
Connections between single-level and bilevel multiobjective optimization
State educational standard of higher professional education
Collective goals and cooperation
Ideologies, goals, and values
Schooling
Habits of mind and academic endeavors - the role of goal orientations and motivational beliefs in school performance
Earnings management through IFRS goodwill impairment accounting : in the context of incentives created by earnings targets
High performance companies : successful strategies from the world's top achievers
A survival guide for life : how to achieve your goals, thrive in adversity and grow in character
Slam dunk. Vol. 17 : The last spot
The it girl
Undergraduate education : goals and means
Striving and feeling : interactions among goals, affect, and self-regulation
Think and grow rich
Flexible higher education : international pioneers reflect
Adult education and democratic citizenship
Sales force incentives : how to use them to increase sales
The idea of higher education
Library 2020 : today's leading visionaries describe tomorrow's library
Team awkward
One world, big screen : Hollywood, the Allies and World War II
How to have a Big Life : sharing simple secrets of success
Perfectionism and achievement goals in young Finnish ice-hockey players aspiring to make the Under-16 national team
Agricultural biotechnology : finding common international goals
Accountability, pragmatic aims, and the American university
Follow up corporate image research : Case: Dynaset Oy / Anni Karppinen
Changes in personal work goals in relation to the psychosocial work environment: A two-year follow-up study
Upgrade your life : how take back control and achieve your goals
The fall
Successful strategy execution : how to keep your business goals on target
Why go to school?
Being a university
A Pre-Marketing Plan for UpGroup
Abstract: The political conceptions of the National Coalition Party (conservatives) and the Social Democratic Party in Finland in 1960-1970 with the manner of narrating stories.
Swimming in the moon
MPs as slack maximizers. Do MPs hide in the crowd?
A developing Turku : the foundation for residents' well-being : Turku strategy 1997-2000
Abstract: The purpose of the study was to give a clear vision of the corporate image; mainly  what is it, how to manage it and how to study it. And more importantly make a follow  up corporate image research for Dynaset Oy. The reason for choosing the subject was  the need of Dynaset Oy for this information in the future to be able to modify the image  its interests groups have from the company, and to develop and revise it more  close to the goal image company has. Similar study has been made in 2008 – and after  6 years company is interested to know how the image has changed, as well as has is  changed to wanted direction as follow-up procedure.  The theoretical framework of the research was based on the corporate image researchstructure  created by Leena Chydenius as well as referred the RepMap™-reputation  research model created by Viestintätoimisto Pohjoisranta. First part of the research  explored the current stage of the corporate image of Dynaset Oy, second part compared  the changes happened since previous research and evaluated the effectiveness  of development programme created in 2008, third part created a goal corporate image  for Dynaset Oy and created a strategy for the company to be able to modify the current  corporate image to more similar as the goal corporate image of the company is.  The research used both quantitative and qualitative research methods, in more precise  publicity analysis, interviews and surveys to collect data. Research used same research  methods as research made in 2008, which enabled the comparison of the results  of current corporate image.  The follow up corporate image research made for Dynaset Oy was able to gather sufficient  amount of information and was able to conclude the current stage of company's  corporate image. Based on the results company's corporate image was seen positive  and valued among Dynaset's interest groups, the results revealed shortages on  company's operations and public image. Comparison between research results revealed,  that corporate image of Dynaset Oy had maintained fairly similar, development  programme created in 2008 was found effective. The goal corporate image defined  Dynaset-brand. New development programme was created to be able to modify  the current corporate image to goal corporation image created.  Dynaset Oy agreed to follow the development procedures in presented way, and also  to conduct a new corporate image research within 2-3 years to find out whether the  stage of corporate image has changed to more similar as created goal corporate image  or not.
Cognitive and attributional strategies of American and Finnish young adults
Stressful, important and rewarding : How higher education students experience learning in different environments
Optimizing Performance Management by Management by Objectives
Slam dunk. Vol. 4 : Enter the hero!!
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
Developing and testing a prototype tool to track and measure Co-creation activity
Distance education : strategies and tools
Research on service delivery. Vol. 2, Welfare or bureaucracy? : problems of matching social services to clients' needs
Think your way to success : how to develop a winning mindset and achieve amazing results
The Jackrabbit factor : why you can
A study on the determinants of aid policies : with special reference to smaller donors
Measurement-based value alignment and reasoning about organizational goals and strategies : studies with the ICT industry
Slam dunk. Vol. 2 : New power generation
Attainment and reflection : the role of social capital and regrets in developmental regulation
Aims of education and curriculum planning in special education units and schools in Lusaka, Zambia : a qualitative study of special education teachers' views and classroom practice
Slam dunk. Vol. 18 : The feeling of falling
Slam dunk. Vol. 6 : Nothing to lose
Teachers and teacher education : essays on the National Educational goals
Developing the supply chain of a nanufacturing company
Personal work goals put into context : associations with work environment and occupational well-being
Measurement-based value alignment and reasoning about organizational goals and strategies:studies with the ICT industry
Conducting interpretive policy analysis
Highlights 2013
A Computationally Inexpensive Approach in Multiobjective Heat Exchanger Network Synthesis
Gerontological rehabilitation in Finland : rehabilitation goals of elderly clients within an ICF context
Perspectives to doping substance use outside elite sports in Finland
Little Warrior
The emerging practices of modern budgeting and the role of controller
Determinants of curriculum design and implementation in International Business studies : The case of Turku Polytechnic
Peak : secrets from the new science of expertise
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Clinical Practice At Ward A3, Hatanpää : An Orientation Guide for Nursing Exchange Students
National core curriculum for upper secondary schools 2003 : national core curriculum for general upper secondary education intended for young people
Integrated management of groundwater and dependent ecosystems in a Finnish esker
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
Development and functioning of fiscal frameworks in the Central and Eastern European countries
Power score : your formula for leadership success
Bull’s eye : the power of focus
Mastering personal and interpersonal skills : key techniques for effective decision-making and personal success
Marketing plan for Gasthaus Willa Elsa ry
Better schools: a values perspective
Winners in business aren't the ones who do the most things; the winners are the ones who do the most important things Be the Best at What Matters Most. is about the one essential strategy for business leaders, entrepreneurs, owners, managers and those who want to be one. Simplify, focus, and win by outperforming all your competition on those things that create real value for the customer. This is about substance, not flash, and the ultimate "wow" factors of high quality performance, consistency and relentless improvement. * Thought provoking questions, activities, and action steps are built into every section of the book * Author Joe Calloway, an International Speakers Hall of Fame inductee, has been a popular business speaker for thirty years and worked with hundreds of companies to help them create and sustain success * Author has published four books with Wiley Be the Best at What Matters Most will help you and your team focus on taking the actions that maximize results, growth, and profit.
Teacher self-efficacy beliefs and aims of pre-service English teachers
Ethics education in nursing in  Finland
Education for all : The Dakar framework for action : meeting our collective commitments
A New Hybrid Mutation Operator for Multiobjective Optimization with Differential Evolution
PAINT: Pareto front interpolation for nonlinear multiobjective optimization
Slam dunk. Vol. 22 : The first round
Community renewable energy in the northern periphery : an argument for policy change
Improving educational quality : a global perspective
Goal concepts in personality and social psychology
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
The secret to success
Adult education evaluation strategy
The effects of prices, owner characteristics and ownership objectives on timber supply
Count your blessings : the healing power of gratitude and love
Karasuno has successfully defeated Tohru Oikawa and Aoba Johsai in their practice match, but the team's future doesn't look so bright. The match uncovered serious holes in Karasuno's defense, which would be fatal in a real game! What they need is a defense expert, a libero, to cover their holes for them. It turns out Karasuno does have a libero named Yu Nishinoya, but he was suspended for one week for violent behavior! And he's even shorter than Hinata!
How have the projects ensured that the change in business will happen?
Haikyu!!. 5, Inter-high begins
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Slam dunk. Vol. 27 : Shohoku in trouble
I'd change my life if I had more time! : a practical guide to living your dreams
Regulatory considerations : genetically engineered plants : summary of a workshop held at Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research at Cornell University, October 19-21, 1987.
Examination of Goal Orientation, Sense of Coherence, and Motivational Climate as predictors of Perceived Physical Competence
The impact of digitalization on marketing communications measurement process : case of global B2B industrial companies
As you think
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
Future perspectives for Finnish national rural policy
Understanding and developing student engagement
Effects of management by objectives : studies of Swedish upper secondary schools and the influence of role stress and self-efficacy on school leaders
Hustle : the power to charge your life with money, meaning and momentum
Co-operative objectives and pricing politics in the input market
Factorial validity and internal consistency of the motivational climate in pysical education scale
Consciousness and intentionality
You can change your life : easy steps to getting what you want
Process model of goal communication in e-leading : case Protomo
Defining the enemy : adult education in social action
The politics of small gestures : chances and challenges for contemporary art
Educational Application Design Process Experiences : Case Perioperative Nursing
Radical agendas? : the politics of adult education
Using assessment to improve the quality of education
