http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27422 cancer treatments
cancer treatments
Advanced and critical care oncology nursing : managing primary complications
Bayesian multi-view models for data-driven drug response analysis
Cancer immunotherapy with a gene modified serotype 3 oncolytic adenovirus
Abstract.
B is for breast cancer : from anxiety to recovery and everything in between - a beginner's guide
Oncology nursing secrets
Lymfoomat
Beating cancer with nutrition : clinically proven and easy-to-follow strategies to dramatically improve your quality and quantity of life and increase chances for a complete remission
Boron neutron capture therapy : synthesis of boronated amines- and DNA intercalating agents for potential use in cancer therapy
Interferon response as a challenge and possibility for developing alphavirus based oncolytic virotherapy
Preterm birth and surgical treatment of the uterine cervix
Radiation therapy of head and neck cancer with special emphasis on locoregional recurrence and adverse events
Ethics and quality of life (QoL) of head and neck (H&N) cancer patients during radiotherapy
Chemo-immunotherapy in treatment of superficial bladder carcinoma : an experimental and clinical study
Surgical treatment of soft tissue sarcomas
Role and Function of c-Jun Protein Complex in Cancer Cell Behavior
Manual of breast diseases
Development of baculovirus display strategies towards targeting to tumor vasculature
The art of healing : uncovering your inner wisdom and potential for self-healing
Cancer chemotherapy : a veterinary handbook
Targeting adenoviral gene therapy vectors to head and neck squamous cell carcinoma and heart
New molecular targets for cancer chemotherapy
Finnish Urological Club Meeting : February 6, 1987.
Pain management of a cancer patient in palliative care : a systematic review
Novye podhody v terapii opuholevyh zabolevanij : materialy simpoziuma, provedennogo 18 nojabrja 1986 g. v g. Moskve = New approaches in the therapy of oncological diseases : symposium in Moscow, 1986
Cancer and Cancer Care is a complete study of cancer, the care of people with the disease and its impact on everyday life. Addressing the physical and psychosocial aspects of the illness in detail, it covers all fundamental aspects of cancer diagnosis, treatment, survival and aspects of psychosocial support for all those affected by cancer: patients, their families, and their healthcare providers. Specialist chapters focus on the unique challenges of providing cancer care to populations with particular needs, including older adults; children and young people, those with learning disabilities and those with mental health problems.
Abstract: Breast cancer is one of the main leading causes of death among women worldwide. In finland around 4 000 new cases are being diagnosed every year. Because the amount of foreigners is growing at the same time, part of these newly diagnosed cases are among foreign women. That is why we need to be more aware of their needs. The purpose of this literature review was to explore women's, whose cultural background varies, experiences of breast cancer and how they cope with it.    The literature review was based on scientific research articles. The data was collected by using a systematic literature review. The data was collected by using database search and manual search at the school libarary. Altogether 10 articles were found. The articles included studies from Pakistan, Brazil, United States, Norway, Chine, Iran, Chile, Australia and Lebanon. All of the 10 scientific articles were analyzed by using inductive content analysis.    The findings of this literature review showed many similarities among the women regardless of the women's origins. 'Time of diagnosis a huge shock' and 'wanting to hide the diagnosis' were themes that emerged from the majority of the studies. The countries where religion greatly influenced every day life, religion was concidered one of the main aspects of coping. Family's support was also mentioned as crucial during the coping period throughout the studies.    The articles showed that even the women, whose origins are the same, are not a homogeneous group, eventhough this literature review was concentrating more on the similarities women from different cultures have. Every woman is an individual and should always be treated according to her individual needs. Each woman diagnosed with breast cancer is an individual and that is why the experience is unique as well.
Oncolytic adenoviruses with radiation therapy for treatment of prostate cancer
Squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity, oropharynx, and hypopharynx : treatment, outcome, and prognostic factors with special reference to matrix metalloproteinase 13 and prolyl hydroxylase domain protein 2
NURSES` PERCEPTION OF THEIR KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERTISE IN BREAST CANCER CARE
Synthesis of betulin derivatives with new bioactivities
Small molecule modulators of tumor suppressor p53 and RNA polymerase I activity : identification, anticancer activity and mechanism of action
Individualized chemical systems medicine of acute and chronic myeloid leukemia
Clinical and biological prognostic factors in colorectal cancer
Surgical oncology nursing
Late mortality and cardiovascular morbidity after cancer at a young age in Finland
Cancer : a very short introduction
Brachytherapy
Beat cancer : the 10-step plan to help you overcome and prevent cancer
Studies of 4-dihydroxyborylphenylalanine and its radiolabelled analogues to implement clinical trials of boron neutron capture therapy in Finland
Chronic pain and other symptoms following treatment for breast cancer
Walter and Miller's Textbook of radiotherapy : radiation physics, therapy and oncology
Cardiovascular health and fitness after childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia
Targeted therapy sensitivity and resistance in solid malignancies
Improving oncolytic adenoviral therapies for gastrointestinal cancers and tumor initiating cells
Complement-mediated killing of cancer cells
Interprofessional Education for Social and Healthcare Professionals in Cancer Care
Towards therapeutic gene delivery to human cancer cells : targeting and entry of baculovirus
Novel imaging methods and biomarkers in the screening of late cardiac effects after childhood cancer
Antioxidants, cytokines and markers of oxidative stress in lung cancer : associations with adverse events, response and survival
A nurse's guide to cancer care
Oncology esthetics : practitioner's guide. Revised and expanded edition
Plasma cell-free DNA in diagnostic KRAS mutation testing
Diagnosis and treatment of premalignant changes of photodamaged skin : novel hyperspectral imaging and new therapeutical aspects
Strategies to enhance efficacy of oncolytic virotherapy
The subrenal capsule assay in predicting responsiveness of gynecological cancers to drug therapy : with special reference to combined cytostatic drugs
Skin cancer and sun safety : the essential guide
The challenge of pain
Cancer pain relief and palliative care in children
When breath becomes air
Immunological boosting and personalization of oncolytic virotherapies for cancer treatment
Factors influencing the use of complementary and alternative medicine among cancer patients
Advancing nursing practice in cancer and palliative care
Colorectal cancer in Finland : a clinical study of a nationwide patient series
Novel players in the integrin signaling orchestra : TCPTP and MDGI
Textbook of medical oncology
Operative treatment of ovarian cancer and borderline tumors in different hospital categories in Finland
Quality of radiotherapy care by development of e-feedback knowledge
Chemotherapy-induced neuropathy: prevention and treatment
Pharmacoeconomic methods for estimating cost-effectiveness and budget impact of cancer treatments in Finland
Immediate breast reconstructions in the treatment of breast cancer
New bioactive secondary metabolites from cyanobacteria
New medical treatments opportunities to improve care when adherence to treatment can be improved
Traditional and novel treatments for prostate cancer : discoveries at the molecular level
Potential molecular targets for diagnosis and therapy of malignant gliomas
Crossing the Valley of Death with Advanced Cancer Therapy
Cancer treatment
Photodynamic therapy with aminolevulinic acid induced protoporphyrin IX in the treatment of superficial bladder cancer : an experimental study
Differentiated thyroid cancer : diagnostics, prognostic factors and long-term outcome
In vitro, in vivo, and in silico investigations of polymer and lipid based nanocarriers for drug and gene delivery
Effects of chemotherapy and blocking activin receptor signaling on skeletal muscle size, oxidative capacity and function
Multi-approach design and fabrication of hybrid composites for drug delivery and cancer therapy
Quality of life in patients with breast cancer : a prospective intervention study
Intermittent versus continuous androgen deprivation in patients with advanced prostate cancer : the FinnProstate study VII
Contents: Understanding the skin--Risk factors for skin cancer--Non-melanoma skin cancer--Malignant melanoma skin cancer--The emotional effects of skin cancer--Life after skin cancer--All about sunscreen--Skin cancer prevention--Sunbeds and tanning.
Bethesda handbook of clinical oncology
Choices in breast cancer treatment : medical specialists and cancer survivors tell you what you need to know
Placement learning in cancer and palliative care nursing : a guide for students in practice
Summary.
ACSM's guide to exercise and cancer survivorship
Regulation of male germ cell apoptosis by sphingosine-1-phosphate
Developing genetically engineered oncolytic viruses for cancer gene therapy
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
Cancer and cancer care
Osteonecrosis in children, adolescents and young adults treated for cancer
Surgically treated non-spinal skeletal metastases : survival and complications
Polymorphic low penetrance genes and breast cancer : the role of genes involved in metabolism of xenobiotics, estrogens and reactive oxygen species
Structured child-centred interventions to support families with a parent suffering from cancer:from practice-based evidence towards evidence-based practice
Breast cancer : a psychological treatment manual
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer : living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
Integrated cancer care : Holistic, complementary and creative approaches
Nipple-sparing subcutaneous mastectomy and immediate reconstruction with implants in breast cancer
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer: living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
The cancer chronicles : unlocking medicine's deepest mystery
Strategies to prevent germ cell death for fertility preservation
