http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27427 heterosis
heterosis
Straight : the surprisingly short history of heterosexuality
This book spotlights six themes or lenses for understanding and analyzing education and its relation to oppression and anti-oppressive transformation. It brings together multiple perspectives on anti-oppressive education from various contexts, including K-12 schools, teacher education programs, postsecondary institutions, and community-based organizations. The book provides an array of practical and theoretical resources for educators to explore and innovate ways to confront and dismantle racism, sexism, classism, heterosexism and other forms of oppression in education. Significantly, this 2nd edition boasts ten new chapters as well as new or considerably revised Conversations for each of the six Parts. The chapters provide readers with diverse perspectives for considering anti-oppressive education from a range of content areas in K-12, postsecondary, and community contexts; student and educator populations; social differences; activities; and research methodology. In addition, this new edition significantly amplifies the perspectives and experiences of youth, including those from Southeast Asian, South Asian, and African American communities.
Knowledge, experience, and ruling relations : studies in the social organizations of knowledge
With heterosexuality currently being examined more rigorously than ever before, this accessible and engaging book charts the development of feminist and sociological theorizing on sexuality and the emergence of a radical critique of heterosexuality. Stevi Jackson reviews a range of important theoretical and substantive issues, and she demonstrates an important shift in feminist thinking from an emphasis on male dominance within heterosexual relations to a critical perspective on heterosexuality itself. Her book will be relevant to scholars and students in the fields of women's studies, lesbian and gay studies and the sociology of sexuality.
Coordination Complexes of a Neutral 1,2,4-Benzotriazinyl Radical Ligand: Synthesis, Molecular and Electronic Structures, and Magnetic Properties
"The book takes a multidisciplinary approach to this extremely important area of organic chemistry"--
A σ-Donor with a Planar Six-π-Electron B2N2C2 Framework: Anionic N-Heterocyclic Carbene or Heterocyclic Terphenyl Anion?
Heterocycles in life and society : an introduction to heterocyclic chemistry and biochemistry and the role of heterocycles in science, technology, medicine and agriculture
Sex crimes in Islam : heterosexual and homosexual trasgressions in Sunnī Islam in the formative and medieval periods of Islamic law
Motherhood and infertility in Ireland : understanding the presence of absence
Heterosexuality in question
Cross-layer optimized video streaming in heterogeneous wireless networks
Regio- and stereoselective synthesis of carbo- and heterocycles from 2-phenylsulfonyl 1,3-dienes
Preparation, characterization and HDS activity measurement of Re[sub]2(CO)[sub]10/alumina catalyst
Sexuality and sexual identity have been relatively marginalized areas in both social work education and practice. However, changes in policy and legislation in the UK and other countries over the past decade have brought discussions of sexuality into the mainstream public service agenda. In social work and social care, gay and lesbian citizenship rights have been explicitly recognised. In the fields of adoption and fostering new regulations and guidance have helped improve and develop practice around assessment and intervention. It remains the case, however, that sex is often perceived as a problem area within social work and social care, discussed only in relation to sexually diverse communities or in the realm of dysfunction or pathology. This collection aims to generate a more proactive and challenging discussion of sexuality and sexual identity in social work. Its starting point is that sexuality is an essential aspect of individual identity, that users must be able to express their sexuality, and that it is essential for social workers to be able to respond and discuss sexual issues appropriately. The contributions are informed by feminist research, considering, in particular, the experiences of women working in and using social care services since the 1990s. In addition to a consideration of the wider policy, legislative and service providers' perspectives, the book includes reflective accounts as well as research-led contributions, offering a comprehensive and balanced account of this important field, which aims to inform both theory and practice.
Theorising heterosexuality : telling it straight
With a focus on c. 1100-c. 1800, this text explores the shifting meanings, languages, and practices of western sex.
Electron ionization mass spectrometric studies on pharmacologically and physiologically active heterocyclic compounds
Stereoselective synthesis of oligosaccharides by de novo saccharide welding
Improving heterogeneous wireless networking with cross-layer information services
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Simulations of nucleation phenomena
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 3, A cultural history of sexuality in the Renaissance
Heterosexuality in Theory and Practice
Is love “blind” when it comes to gender? For women, it just might be. This unsettling and original book offers a radical new understanding of the context-dependent nature of female sexuality. Lisa M. Diamond argues that for some women, love and desire are not rigidly heterosexual or homosexual but fluid, changing as women move through the stages of life, various social groups, and, most important, different love relationships. This perspective clashes with traditional views of sexual orientation as a stable and fixed trait. But that view is based on research conducted almost entirely on men. Diamond is the first to study a large group of women over time. She has tracked one hundred women for more than ten years as they have emerged from adolescence into adulthood. She summarizes their experiences and reviews research ranging from the psychology of love to the biology of sex differences. Sexual Fluidity offers moving first-person accounts of women falling in and out of love with men or women at different times in their lives. For some, gender becomes irrelevant: “I fall in love with the person, not the gender,” say some respondents. Sexual Fluidity offers a new understanding of women's sexuality - and of the central importance of love.
Transgender studies is the latest area of academic inquiry to grow out of the exciting nexus of queer theory, feminist studies, and the history of sexuality. Because transpeople challenge our most fundamental assumptions about the relationship between bodies, desire, and identity, the field is both fascinating and contentious. The Transgender Studies Reader puts between two covers fifty influential texts with new introductions by the editors that, taken together, document the evolution of transgender studies in the English-speaking world. By bringing together the voices and experience of transgender individuals, doctors, psychologists and academically-based theorists, this volume will be a foundational text for the transgender community, transgender studies, and related queer theory.
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Portugal has some geographical similarities with Finland: both are small and rather peripherical countries. However, the infection with the Human Immunodefi ciency Virus (HIV) has different patterns in Portugal from those in Finland. At the beginning of the 21st century, Portugal is in the fi rst place of the infection with the HIV, with an incidence rate of 105.8 cases per one million inhabitants. The main objective of this paper is to present and explain the geographical diffusion of HIV in Portugal at sub-region level with altogether 28 geographical areas. We were able to identify some geographic hot spot areas with SMR signifi cantly higher than 100. Some areas with AIDS mortality rates signifi cantly above the national standardized rates were identifi ed in the metropolitan area of Lisbon. It was found that the urban/rural dichotomy is the most important factor, explaining 47% and 32% of the variance for male and female AIDS mortality, respectively. This factor identifi es a clear opposition between the variables, with a geographical signifi cance.
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
Over the past twenty years, transgender studies has emerged as a vibrant field of interdisciplinary scholarship. In 2006, Routledge's The Transgender Studies Reader brought together the first definitive collection of the field. Since its publication, the field has seen an explosion of new work that has expanded the boundaries of inquiry in many directions. The Transgender Studies Reader 2 gathers these disparate strands of scholarship, and collects them into a format that makes sense for teaching and research. Complementing the first volume, rather than competing with it, The Transgender Studies Reader 2 consists of fifty articles, with a general introduction by the editors, explanatory head notes for each essay, and bibliographical suggestions for further research. Unlike the first volume, which was historically based, tracing the lineage of the field, this volume focuses on recent work and emerging trends. To keep pace with this rapidly changing area, the second reader has a companion website, with images, links to blogs, video, and other material to help supplement the book.
White weddings : romancing heterosexuality in popular culture
Heterosexual Africa? : the history of an idea from the age of exploration to the age of AIDS
Love, heterosexuality, and society
Modern couples? : continuity and change in heterosexual relationships
NMR spectroscopy and structure determination : stereochemistry, rotamerism and tautomerism in O-, N-, and S-containing heterocyclic compounds
Hegemony and heteronormativity : revisiting 'the political' in queer politics
Six lenses for anti-oppressive education : partial stories, improbable conversations
The male in the head : young people, heterosexuality and power
Heterosexual Africa? The History of an Idea from the Age of Exploration to the Age of AIDS builds from Marc Epprecht's previous book, Hungochani (which focuses expli citly on same-sex desire in southern Africa) to explore the historical processes by which a singular, heterosexual identity for Africa was constructed - by anthropologists, ethnopsychologists, colonial officials, African elites, and most recently, health care workers seeking to address the HIV/AIDS pandemic. This is an eloquently written, accessible book, based on a rich and diverse range of sources, that will find enthusiastic audiences in classrooms and in the general public. Epprecht argues that Africans, just like people all over the world, have always had a range of sexualities and sexual identities. Over the course of the last two centuries, however, African societies south of the Sahara have come to be viewed as singularly heterosexual. Epprecht carefully traces the many routes by which this singularity, this heteronormativity, became a dominant culture. A fascinating story that will surely generate lively debate Epprecht makes his project speak to a range of literatures - queer theory, the new imperial history, African social history, queer and women's studies, and biomedical literature on the HIV/AIDS pandemic. He does this with a light enough hand that his story is not bogged down by endless references to particular debates.
Shedding important new light on a subject as old as humanity itself, Sexualities in Anthropology: A Reader presents a comprehensive collection of historical and current readings in the social anthropology of sexuality. Succinct and revealing excerpts from key figures in the history of anthropology about sexualities, morality, and the family are featured. The most recent literature on both heterosexualities and same-sex sexualities is also included, as well as material on past and present controversies, including Derek Freeman's famous attack on Margaret Mead's writings on sexual freedom in Samoa; the notion of "primitive" promiscuity in the 19th and early 20th centuries; concerns for the practice of clitoridectomy and other forms of "genital cutting;" the discussion of homosexualities in different cultures; and the meaning of love. Thought-provoking and always fascinating, Sexualities in Anthropology: A Reader offers keen insights into the diversity of human social beliefs, practices, and interactions relating to human sexual behavior around the world.
"Heterocycles in Life and Society is an introduction to the chemistry of heterocyclic compounds, focusing on their origin and occurrence in nature, biochemical significance and wide range of applications. Written in a readable and accessible style, the book takes a multidisciplinary approach to this extremely important area of organic chemistry. Topics covered include an introduction to the structure and properties of heterocycles; the key role of heterocycles in important life processes such as the transfer of hereditary information, how enzymes function, the storage and transport of bioenergy, and photosynthesis; applications of heterocycles in medicine, agriculture and industry; heterocycles in supramolecular chemistry; the origin of heterocycles on primordial Earth; and how heterocycles can help us solve 21st century challenges. For this second edition, Heterocycles in Life and Society has been completely revised and expanded, drawing on a decade of innovation in heterocyclic chemistry. The new edition includes discussions of the role of heterocycles in nanochemistry, green chemistry, combinatorial chemistry, molecular devices and sensors, and supramolecular chemistry. Impressive achievements include the creation of various molecular devices, the recording and storage of information, the preparation of new organic conductors, and new effective drugs and pesticides with heterocyclic structures. Much new light has been thrown on various life processes, while the chemistry of heterocycles has expanded to include new types of heterocyclic structures and reactions, and the use of heterocyclic molecules as ionic liquids and proton sponges. Heterocycles in Life and Society is an essential guide to this important field for students and researchers in chemistry, biochemistry, and drug discovery, and scientists at all levels wishing to expand their scientific horizon."--
Never mind the gap : gendering science in transgressive encounters
Nancy J. Chodorow takes her fellow psychoanalysts to task for their monolithic and pathologizing accounts of deviant gender and sexuality. Drawing from her own clinical experience, the work of Freud, and a close reading of psychoanalytic texts, Chodorow argues that psychoanalysis has yet to disentangle male dominance from heterosexuality. Further, she demonstrates the paucity of psychoanalytics understanding of heterosexuality and the problematic polarizing of normal and abnormal sexualities. By returning to Freud and interpreting psychoanalysis through clinical eyes, Chodorow contends that psychoanalysis must consider individual specificity and personal, cultural, and social factors. Such a methodology entails a plurality of femininities and masculinities and enables us to understand a variety of sexualities.
Sexual identities and sexuality in social work : research and reflections from women in the field
The invention of heterosexuality
Sex, sensibility and the gendered body
Femininities, masculinities, sexualities : Freud and beyond
Body acts queer : clothing as a performative challenge to heteronormativity
Sex & punishment : four thousand years of judging desire
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 4, A cultural history of sexuality in the Enlightenment
Balancing between identities : a gay athlete's experiences in sport and exercise domains in Finland
Little attention has traditionally been given to theorising heterosexuality. Heterosexuality tends to be taken-for-granted, as something that is 'natural' and 'normal'. Theorising Heterosexuality questions this assumption and demonstrates how much of our understanding of ourselves and the social worlds we inhabit is based upon unquestioned assumptions about the nature of heterosexuality.
This book explores heterosexualities in their complex and everyday expressions. It engages with theories about the intersection of sexuality with other markers of difference, and gender in particular. The outcome will productively upset equations of heterosexuality with heteronormativity and accounts that cast heterosexuality in "sex critical, sex as danger" terms. Queer/feminist "pro-sex" perspectives have become prevalent in analyses of sexuality, but in these approaches queer becomes the site of subversive, transgressive, exciting and pleasurable sex, while heterosex, if mentioned at all, continues to be seen as objectionable or dowdy. It challenges heterosexuality's comparative absence in gender/sexuality debates and the common constitution of heterosexuality as nasty, boring and normative. The authors develop an innovative analysis showing the limits of the sharply bifurcated perspectives of the "sex wars". This is not a revisionist account of heterosexuality as merely one option in a fluid smorgasbord, nor does it dismiss the weight of feminist/pro-feminist critiques of heterosexuality. This book establishes that if relations of domination do not constitute the analytical sum of heterosexuality, then identifying its range of potentialities is clearly important for understanding and helping to undo its "nastier" elements.
Hybrid aspen heterosis and breeding
Ecological heterogeneity
The influence of electron delocalization upon the stability and structure of potential N-heterocyclic carbene precursors with 1,3-diaryl-imidazolidine-4,5-dione skeletons
Promoting Educational Equity through Teacher Empowerment:web-assisted Transformative Action Research as a Counter-Heteronormative Praxis
Desire : the politics of sexuality
Many faces of sadomasochistic sex
The transgender studies reader 2
Synthetic applications of 1,3 dipolar cycloaddition chemistry toward heterocycles and natural products
N-Heterocyclic Carbenes with Inorganic Backbones: Electronic Structures and Ligand Properties
Structural and stereochemical effects in the mass spectra of nitrogen heterocycles
Culture, society and sexuality : a reader
In The Social Construction of Sexuality, Steven Seidman investigates the political and social consequences of privileging certain sexual practices and identities while stigmatizing others. Addressing a range of topics from gay and lesbian identities to sex work, he delves into issues of social control that inform popular beliefs and moral standards. The Second Edition of The Social Construction of Sexuality features a new part that focuses on sexuality and social institutions.
The geography of HIV/AIDS in Portugal
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
Somatechnics highlights the reciprocal bond between the sôma and the techné of 'the body' and the techniques in which bodies are formed and transformed as crafted responses to the world around us. Structured around the themes of the governance of social bodies, the gendering of sexed bodies and the techniques associated with the formation of the self, Somatechnics presents a groundbreaking study of body modification. Its contributions to the work of Spinoza, Nietzsche, Merleau-Ponty, Deluze and Guattari make it a must read for scholars of sociology, cultural and queer studies and philosophy.
One marriage under God : the campaign to promote marriage in America
Grouping facilitates avoidance of parasites by fish
Opportunistic resource and network management in autonomous packet access systems
Dorothy Smith is considered one of the most original sociologists and theorists of our time, and her writings have attracted much attention in Europe and the US as well as in Canada. This collection of original essays, written by scholars who worked or studied with Smith, exemplifies Smith's approach to social analysis. Each author takes an empirical approach. Some analyse texts (the maps and documents of land-use planning, photographs, an influential history of British India, reports of a task force on battered women); some draw on interviews (with clerical workers, with Japanese corporate wives), while others (an AIDS activist, a teacher of adult literacy, a social worker) reflect on personal experiences. In each case we are introduced to specific themes in Smith's approach. The essays put Smith's method to work in diverse ways and in the process offer intriguing insights into their topics. This tribute to Smith's empowering contribution as a thinker and teacher reveals how empirical studies can illuminate concepts usually presented in the abstract. As the first compilation of applications of Smith's methodology, this is a landmark work in the developing field of the social organization of knowledge.
Promoting educational equity through teacher empowerment : web-assisted transformative action research as a counter-heteronormative praxis
Sexual fluidity : understanding women's love and desire
Have heterosexual relationships become more intimate and equal over the past forty years? Simply put, this is the central question underpinning this book. Within the context of late modern social processes, including most notably individualization and detraditionalization, authors such as Giddens, Beck and Beck-Gernsheim, and Bauman have come to focus on a posited transformation of personal relationships. This has culminated in a sociological debate over the nature of contemporary relationships, with proponents of change celebrating the emergence of an intimacy based on personal satisfaction rather than traditional obligations. Detractors reject this interpretation and instead lament what they consider to be the destruction of commitment and the demoralisation of personal relationships by the rise of individualism and consumerism. While these two entrenched positions have dominated the debate, a third, marginalised perspective has emerged, which questions the extent to which contemporary relationships have become detraditionalized, and emphasises evidence of continuing gender inequalities.
The study of sexuality is moving from margin to centre stage in sociology, as the 1994 British Sociological Association annual conference on 'Sexualities in Social Context' demonstrated. Drawn from that conference, the papers in this volume contribute to the debates which have developed on the relationship between the sexual and the social, and between gender and sexuality. The focus is on women, and from different perspectives the authors explore the themes of gendered identity, the construction of sexuality, embodiment and control. The social contexts in which these themes are elaborated include the family, the law, the education system, medical practice and discourse, and cultural representations and texts.
It's a queer world
Unheroic conduct : the rise of heterosexuality and the invention of the Jewish man
Thinking straight : the power, the promise, and the paradox of heterosexuality
This is a groundbreaking study of our culture's obsession with weddings. By examining popular films, commercials, magazines, advertising, television sitcoms and even children's toys, this book shows the pervasive influence of weddings in our culture and the important role they play in maintaining the romance of heterosexuality, the myth of white supremacy and the insatiable appetite of consumer capitalism. It examines how the economics and marketing of weddings have replaced the religious and moral view of marriage. This second edition includes many new and updated features including: full coverage of the wedding industrial complex; gay marriage and its relationship to white weddings and heterosexuality and demographics shifts as to who is marrying whom and why, nationally and internationally.
The social construction of sexuality
Plerixafor in autologous stem cell transplantation
Inclusive masculinity : the changing nature of masculinities
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 6, A cultural history of sexuality in the modern age
This new and revised edition of Culture, Society and Sexuality brings together and makes accessible a broad and international selection of readings to provide insights into the social, cultural, political and economic dimensions of sexuality and relationships, and emerging discourses around sexual and reproductive rights. Section one focuses on the social and cultural construction of sexuality as an emerging field of inquiry over the course of recent decades, and examines some of the most important theoretical insights and areas of investigation that have emerged as this field has developed. Section two links research on the construction of sexuality to a growing body of work on gender and sexuality in relation to a wide range of practical issues and contemporary social policy debates. It is an essential reader not only for students and researchers in these areas, but also for activists, health workers and service providers, who daily confront practical and policy issues related to sexuality, sexual health and sexual rights.
Isolation of Free Phenylide-like Carbanions with N-Heterocyclic Carbene Frameworks
Heterosexual masculinities : contemporary perspectives from psychoanalytic gender theory
The resurgence of marriage as a transnational institution, same-sex or otherwise, draws upon as much as it departs from enlightenment ideologies of sex, gender, and sexuality which this collection aims to investigate, interrogate, and conceptualize anew. Coming to terms with heteronormativity is imperative for appreciating the literature and culture of the eighteenth century writ large, as well as the myriad imaginaries of sex and sexuality that the period bequeaths to the present. This collection foregrounds British, European, and, to a lesser extent, transatlantic heteronormativities in order to pose vital if vexing questions about the degree of continuity subsisting between heteronormativities of the past and present, questions compounded by the aura of transhistoricity lying at the heart of heteronormativity as an ideology. Contributors attend to the fissures and failures of heteronormativity even as they stress the resilience of its hegemony: reconfiguring our sense of how gender and sexuality came to be mapped onto space; how public and private spheres were carved up, or gendered and sexual bodies socially sanctioned; and finally how literary traditions, scholarly criticisms, and pedagogical practices have served to buttress or contest the legacy of heteronormativity.
The transgender studies reader
Re2(CO)10 deposited on γ-Alumina : temperature programmed studies, modelling and activity in thiophene hydrodesulphurisation
Origins and role of same-sex relations in human societies
Electronic Structures of Main-Group Carbene Analogues
Organic chemistry : a short course
The pyrazines
Drarry, Snarry and Snape: the queerest of the queer : heteronormativity and queer theory in Harry Potter slash fan fiction
Principles and methods of plant breeding
Sexualities in anthropology : a reader / edited by Andrew P. Lyons and Harriet D. Lyons
Border patrols : policing the boundaries of heterosexuality
Extending the Series: Synthesis and Characterization of a Dicationic N-Heterocyclic Selenium Carbene Analogue
Possibilities, silences : the publishing and reception of queer topics in Finland during the interwar years (and beyond)
Woman, body, desire in post-colonial India : narratives of gender and sexuality
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Heteronormativity in eighteenth-century literature and culture
The invention of heterosexual culture
'Norm Struggles' explores and challenges normativity in general and heteronormativity in particular. A common trait in all chapters is the focus on contradictions, changes, disruptions and uncertainties that follow with different norms and structuring forces. The authors discuss and explore how norms are produced, and reproduced but also disrupted, subverted and changed. The chapters are based on observations from different settings such as preschools, schools, universities, factories, social welfare, popular culture, passenger ships, and the fire service. They are also based on observations from different countries - Lithuania, Canada, USA, Sweden, Finland, and Great Britain. The book presents studies of media, policies, machines, organisations, academic sexual theory, and the ongoing constructions of nations and nationalities.
Somatechnics : queering the technologisation of bodies
Compulsory heterosexuality and Lesbian existence
In this work, the author challenges what some call the "heterosexual myth," arguing that human sexuality is not as absolute as prevalent thought suggests. Drawing on historic and current data, the book instead argues that, historically, human sexuality has been ambiguous, and that very few humans are, by nature, exclusively homosexual or heterosexual. – WolrdCat.
Norm-struggles : sexualities in contentions / editors, Lena Martinsson and Eva Reimers
Ammonia Activation by a Nickel NCN-Pincer Complex featuring a Non-Innocent N-Heterocyclic Carbene: Ammine and Amido Complexes in Equilibrium
Physical Sexual Harassment as Experienced by Children at School:in Northern Finland and Northwest Russia
Heterocyclic chemistry
Sex before sexuality : a premodern history
Heterocycles in life and society : an introduction to heterocyclic chemistry, biochemistry and applications
Developing a hybrid breeding system for turnip rape
