http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2740 inked-in works
inked-in works
China. Vol. 1, Ajatonta kauneutta Kiinan klassiselta kaudelta : Cindes-kokoelma : The Cindes collection = Timeless beauty from China's Classical Age
"Calligraphy is a defining feature of Chinese culture, both a means of communication and a revered form of art. It has changed more dramatically during the half century since Mao Zedong established the People's Republic in 1949 than over the preceding 1,500 years. At first the traditional art of calligraphy was transformed into an instrument of political power and protest, wielded on an unprecedented scale. Over the past three decades it has emerged as a more visually exciting modern genre, which now offers fascinating insights into the people of modern China." "The author has personally interviewed many prominent calligraphers to focus on twenty-five individuals who have been key figures in this process and exemplify its main trends, from the grand tradition to the avant-garde. In this lavishly illustrated book he charts their development and makes their distinct voices accessible to Western readers for the first time."--BOOK JACKET.
Chinese brush painting : a beginner's guide
Schilfland : works on paper
The simple art of Chinese brush painting : create your own Oriental flowers, plants, and birds for joy and harmony
Traditional & contemporary Chinese brush painting : using ink and water-soluble media
Bookblock
The essence of Chinese brush painting : birds, blossoms, butterflies
The last rays of brilliance : stepping into the world of Qi Baishi's late paintings
Chinese landscape paintings by Shen Zhou. 2
Colors for modern fashion : drawing fashion with colored markers
Chinese brush painting : a hands-on introduction to the traditional art
Creative pen & ink techniques
Masinad 1972-1978 = Machines 1972-1978
Sumi-e : the art of japanese ink painting
Sixty years of life in Beijing 1949-2009 : a collection of drawings from an ordinary Beijing resident
Symbolism in Korean ink brush painting
Chinese ink painting : techniques in shades of black
The art of calligraphy in modern China
Marker rendering : for fashion, accessories, and home fashions
Illustration with markers
Modernt tuschmåleri från Kina = Contemporary Chinese ink painting
Drawings = Piirustuksia = Teckningar / Carl-Gustaf Lilius ; introduction = johdanto = inledning: Erik Kruskopf ; [translations = käännökset: Joan Tate, Christer Lindgren]
The Chinese brush painting sourcebook : 200 motifs with step-by-step illustrated instructions
C. G. Mannerheim's Chinese pantheon : materials for an iconography of Chinese folk religion
Art techniques for brush & color
Zen paintings in Edo Japan (1600-1868) : playfulness and freedom in the artwork of Hakuin Ekaku and Sengai Gibon
The Chinese brush painting handbook
The complete guide to Chinese calligraphy : discover the five major scripts to create classic characters and beautiful projects
Brush drawing in the Chinese manner
Chinese brush painting : step by step
Collection of paintings by Bai Lang
The complete guide to Chinese calligraphy
Guide to Chinese brush painting
Chinese landscape paintings by Shen Zhou. 1
The practical art of Chinese brush painting
The japanese ink painting handbook
The other face of the moon
The Japanese ink painting handbook : a quide to Sumi-e techniques and styles
1998 Exhibition of 100 Shanghai artists
Sumi-e : the art of Japanese ink painting
Introduction to Chinese brush painting
The complete Chinese brush painting course
The art of Chinese brush painting : ink, paper, inspiration
Marker magic : the rendering problem solver for designers
The art of Chinese brush painting
