http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27442 light painting
light painting
William Klein : paintings, etc
Artful watercolor : learning to use the secrets of light
Painting watercolour flowers from photographs
Capturing the light in pastel
Girls in pearls : History of a Passion in Art and Photography
Marathon : Ismo Kajander
Pierre Bonnard : Photographs and paintings
Beyond the picturesque
A history of modern art : painting, sculpture, architecture, photography
Cream 3 : contemporary art in culture : 10 curators : 100 contemporary artists : 10 source artist
Facial expressions babies to teens : a visual reference for artists
Richard Prince
Capturing light in acrylics
My quiet of gold
Painting spectacular light effects in watercolor
Shared intelligence : American painting and the photograph
Twentieth-century erotic art
Leon Battista Alberti : On painting : a new translation and critical edition
"Intermediate and advanced art students receive a broad vocabulary of effects with this in-depth study of light. Topics include basics, use of light to define form and space, field effects, colored light, and many other subjects. Diagrams and paintings illustrate applications of principles to figure, still life, and landscape paintings"--
ICOM CC Lisbon 2011 : Preprints 16th triennial conference Lisbon, 19-23 September 2011.
Painting light and shadows
How to paint from photographs : the artist's guide to techniques and materials
Shimmering Substance ; View Finder
Goad : the many moods of Phil Hale
Art : a world history
Anne-Karin Furunes : dialogue with light
Najpiękniejsza fotografia = The most beautiful photograph ; Malowany ul = The colourful beehive
Photorealism
David Bellamy's skies, light & atmosphere in watercolour
On painting
Nightwatch : painting with light
Eesti kunstnikud = Artists of Estonian. 2
A study in the use of photographs in the identification of paintings
Painting, photography, film
Images of America : precisionist painting and modern photography
Light and movement in watercolour
The art book for children. Book two
Facial expressions : a visual reference for artists
Light for the artist
China contemporary art : today and beyond
Diary of fleeting time : Chinese contemporary art
Munch and photography
Ars erotica : an arousing history of erotic art
Historical perspectives in the conservation of works of art on paper
Holly Roberts
ICOM Committee for Conservation : 16th triennial conference Lisbon, 19-23 September 2011 : abstracts
Shadows : the depiction of cast shadows in Western art
"Leon Battista Alberti was one of the most important humanist scholars of the Italian Renaissance. Active in mid-fifteenth-century Florence, he was an architect, theorist, and author of texts on perspective and painting. Leon Battista Alberti: On Painting is a cardinal work that revolutionized Western art. In this volume, Rocco Sinisgalli presents a new English translation and critical examination of Alberti's seminal text. Dr Sinisgalli reverses the received understanding of the relationship between the Italian and Latin versions of Alberti's treatise by demonstrating that Alberti wrote it first in Italian and then translated it into a polished Latin over the course of several decades. This volume is richly illustrated to help demonstrate how Alberti understood optics and art"-- Provided by publisher.
Marlene Dumas : one hundred models and endless rejects
Ethiopia, peoples of the Omo Valley
Making choices: 1929, 1939, 1948, 1955
50 contemporary artists you should know
Art and photography
Painted and photographed portraits in Finland 1839-1870
Hockney on "art" : conversations with Paul Joyce
Painting and photography : 1839-1914
A bigger message  : conversations with David Hockney
The new painting
Finland : the land of song. Akseli Gallen-Kallela's illustrations for the Kalevala. The poetry villages of Karelia : exhibition 1.-29.11.1986, MacRobert Arts Centre, Stirling
The paintings of Moholy-Nagy : the shape of things to come
Shanghai : art of the city
"An anthology of important texts tracing the historical development of the conservation of works of art on paper"--Provided by publisher.
History of modern art : painting, sculpture, architecture, photography
Orientalism : Delacroix to Klee
Petri Hytönen : haku päällä = på spaning = on the lookout
Mixed emulsions : altered art techniques for photographic imagery
Remake : master works of art reimagined
The advanced airbrush book
Painting from sketches photographs and the imagination
The portrait now
Yugoslavia : tracks and the present
Advanced airbrush art / how to secrets from the masters / Timothy Remus
Stieglitz, O'Keeffe & American modernism ; Elizabeth Mankin Kornhauser and Amy Ellis ; with Maura Lyons
New objectivity : painting, graphic art and photography in Weimar Germany 1919-1933
Norman Rockwell : behind the camera
William Klein is a cult figure in photography and film and, although long noted as a painter, his early work has remained largely unseen for over sixty years. This book presents a selection of extremely rare Klein paintings from the late 1940s and early 1950s. It also includes projects for murals, some of which executed on a monumental scale for the first time, Lettrist works, fashion photographs and Printed Contacts. The show also maps a decisive moment in the artist's development: in 1952. While photographing his painted Turning Panels commissioned by architect Angelo Mangiarotti, Klein captured the blur of objects in movement. The incident set the artist off on a series of experiments in the dark room, in which he developed the blueprint of his photographic abstraction. Giving a new perspective on his entire career, this book clearly portrays the foundations of Klein's unique visual language as his trajectory is traced through painting, architecture, photography, books, and film.
Kolonialen : åbningsudstillingen, Nordatlantens Brygge = opening exhibition, North Atlantic House
Painting the effects of weather
Artforum international : Helsinki
Leonardo on painting : an anthology of writings by Leonardo da Vinci with a selection of documents relating to his career as an artist
New China, new art
The watercolorist's guide to painting water
Light and shade in Dutch and flemish art
Young chinese artists : the next generation
