http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27419 cleantech
cleantech
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
On the road to systemic sustainability : how can cleantech facilitate the Finnish sustainability transition - a multi-layer perspective backcasting analysis
Institutional environment influence on international companies` performance : case studies of Finnish cleantech enterprises in Russia
Bit Bang 5 : changing global landscapes : role of policy making and innovation capability
Green materials for sustainable water remediation and treatment
Technology, natural resources and economic growth : improving the environment for a greener future
Green Information Technologies : Implementing Best Practices in Small and Medium Size Business
Energy-based economic development : how clean energy can drive development and stimulate economic growth
Clean tech, clean profits : using effective innovation and sustainable business practices to win in the new low-carbon economy
Sharing inspiration : Finland, Expo 2010 = Línggǎn fēnxiǎng
Export tire entry to Chinese market
The globalization of clean energy technology : lessons from China
"Through a combination of innovation and regulation, the script for how the world's economies operate is being totally rewritten. Cleaner and greener technologies are playing an increasing role in global business -- and while there will be costs involved adapting to those technologies, there are also opportunities for business which are capable of commercializing them.From carbon capture to new sources of renewable energy, the overall potential of this shift is enormous, as evidenced by the amount of private capital and public funds looking for clean technologies in which to invest.Clean Tech, Clean Profits is designed as a practical guide for entrepreneurs, innovators and investors on how to bring clean technologies to market in the most effective and profitable manner. It covers topics such as funding clean tech, renewable power generation, clean energy in emerging economies, intellectual property for clean tech, geo-engineering, the shift to low carbon vehicles, waste management, technology challenges, innovation opportunities, and wind, marine, solar and biomass energy.Emphasizing the specific steps that can be taken now in reviewing options, drawing up plans, upgrading a process, writing a specification, or making an investment, this book is ideal for leaders of organizations who want to move ahead of their competitors and offer new sources of value to their customer"--
Cleantech Finland - improving the environment through business : Finland's national action plan to develop environmental business
From cleantech to cleanweb : the Finnish cleantech space in transition
Energy efficiency is a powerful measure for promoting sustainability in technological evolution and ensuring feasible battery life of end-user devices in mobile computing. Peer-to-peer technology provides decentralized and self-organizing architecture for distributing content between devices in networks that scale up almost infinitely. However, peer-to-peer networking may require lots of resources from peer nodes, which in turn may lead to increased energy consumption on mobile devices. For this reason, peer-to-peer networking has so far been considered unfeasible for mobile environment. This thesis makes several contributions towards enabling energy-aware peer-to-peer networking in mobile environments. First, an empirical study is conducted to understand the energy consumption characteristics of radio interfaces and typical composition of traffic in structured peer-to-peer networks. This is done in order to identify the most essential obstacles for utilizing peer-to-peer technology in mobile environments. Second, the e-Aware model for estimating the energy consumption of a mobile device is developed and empirically verified to achieve 3-21% error in comparison to real-life measurements. Third, the e-Mon model for the energy-aware load monitoring of peer nodes is developed and demonstrated to improve the battery life of mobile peer nodes up to 470%. Fourth, the ADHT concept of mobile agent based virtual peers is proposed for sharing the peer responsibilities between peer nodes in a subnet so that they can participate in a peer-to-peer overlay without compromising their battery life.The results give valuable insight into implementing energy-efficient peer-to-peer systems in mobile environments. The e-Aware energy consumption model accelerates the development of energy-efficient networking solutions by reducing the need for time-consuming iterations between system development and evaluations with real-life networks and devices. The e-Mon load monitoring model facilitates the participation of battery-powered devices in peer-to-peer and other distributed networks by enabling energy-aware load balancing where energy-critical mobile nodes carry less load than other nodes. The ADHT facilitates the participation of constrained-capacity wireless devices, such as machine-to-machine nodes, in a peer-to-peer network by allowing them to sleep for most of their time.
Energy-efficient peer-to-peer networking for constrained-capacity mobile environments
Cleantech 2012 : energy, renewables, materials, storage and environment : technical proceedings of the 2012 CTSI Clean Technology and Sustainable Industries conference and showcase
Low-carbon technology transfer : from rhetoric to reality
The Role of green IT in establishing sustainable and successful organization
Abstract: The experiences of Finnish Clean Tech SMEs of setting up company located at China.
Benefits of carbon neutrality in a rapidly changing business environment
The purpose of this paper is to present the different practices SMEs follow to adopt green IT. The main aim was to create awareness, provide current information technology solutions for the green cause, and things to consider when they plan to adopt green IT. SMEs can have pressures to address environmental issues by taking sustainable business practices from social, government and economic factors. SMEs need to have awareness to address this drivers and benefit from the opportunities green IT creates. One of the potential benefits of this study is that it approaches green IT as a holistic manner. In the theoretical background taking green IT framework, sets to figure the different components green IT address. Thus, it depicts green IT is not all about sustainability of IT department and its technologies but it also helps to achieve overall green initiatives, create new opportunities and makes the business competitive while simultaneously getting positive perception towards the business. Green IT is a developing sector and SMEs perception towards it differs from region to region. This paper provides the approaches SMEs need to acquire. A few of the approaches provide technological solutions to obtain energy efficiency, some require perception change within the business, others bring opportunities to business can embrace. Thus, SMEs can grasp from this paper, different green IT solutions when they aim to adopt sustainable business.
Why are we waiting? : the logic, urgency, and promise of tackling climate change
So that the value chain would go clic
Financial technology for industrial renewal
Lahti Cleantech annual review 2015
Green chemistry and engineering : a pathway to sustainability
The experiences of Finnish Clean Tech SMEs of setting up company located at China
Transformation : towards a sustainable future
Lahti Cleantech Annual Review 2014
Biocatalysis for green chemistry and chemical process development
