http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27424 sharing economy
sharing economy
Anthropology and the economy of sharing
Business of sharing
The Inner Lives Of Markets : how people shape them - and they shape us
"Sharing is central to how we live today: it is what we do online; it is a model of economic behavior; and it is also a type of therapeutic talk. Sharing always comes with a warm glow around it, embodying positive values such as empathy, communication, fairness, openness and equality. The Age of Sharing shows how and when sharing became caring, and explains how its meanings have changed in the digital age. Sharing, though, is also a word used to camouflage commercial or even exploitive relations, leading many to bemoan that &lsquo;It isn&rsquo;t really sharing&rsquo;. Websites say they share data with advertisers, though actually they sell it, while parts of the sharing economy look much like rental services. But The Age of Sharing ultimately argues that practices described as sharing and critiques of those practices have common roots. Consequently, the powerful metaphor of sharing now constructs significant swathes of our social practices and provides the grounds for critiquing them; it is a mode of participation in the capitalist order and a way of resisting it. Taking in nineteenth century literature, Alcoholics Anonymous, the American counterculture, reality TV, hackers, Airbnb, Facebook and more, The Age of Sharing offers a rich account of a complex contemporary keyword. The Age of Sharing will appeal to students and scholars of the Internet, digital culture, and linguistics"--
Challenges in entering Vietnamese market for companies in the sharing economy
This book explores the links between food and democracy. It addresses how democratic principles can be used to shape our food system and takes a practical ‘how-to’ approach to using democratic processes to regain control of the food we eat. It also highlights what food democracy looks like on the ground and how individuals, communities and societies can be empowered to access, cook and eat healthy food in ways that are sustainable. Food democracy, as a concept, is a social movement based on the idea that people can and should be able to actively participate in shaping the food system rather than being passive spectators. The book is useful for university and advanced TAFE courses that cover topics examining food in health sciences, social sciences and other areas of study. It is also relevant to health practitioners, nutritionists, food advocates, policy makers and others with a keen interest in exploring an alternative to the industrial food system known as “Big Food.”
Food democracy : from consumer to food citizen
The sharing economy : the end of employment and the rise of crowd-based capitalism
"The Golden Rule: whoever had the gold made the rules. No longer. Now anyone with an idea can start a company. Anyone with a free couch can operate a hotel. Anyone with a car can be a taxi. Crowdsourcing has rewritten the economics of capitalism, and the repercussions are profound"--Back cover.
The Sharing Economy is a new way of doing business. It's already letting people earn over $26 billion a year by sharing what they already own: from cars to power drills to time. And it's predicted to be worth $150 billion a year by 2025. TIME Magazine called it One of 10 Ideas that will Change the World. Written by one of the business leaders of the movement, and providing vital first-hand advice to anyone thinking of starting a collaborative consumption business, or to those who simply want to capture the energy of this important new movement, The Business of Sharing provides colorful insights on the people and businesses at the forefront of this emergent economy with practical advice on company-building, high profile interviews with its key players including the founders of Airbnb and Zipcar, and case studies from brands from the US, UK, Europe and beyond.
Show your work! : 10 things nobody told you about getting discovered
In the 20th century humanity consumed products faster than ever, but this way of living is no longer sustainable. This new and important book shows how technological advances are driving forms of 'collaborative consumption' which will change forever the ways in which we interact both with businesses and with each other. The average lawn mower is used for four hours a year. The average power drill is used for only twenty minutes in its entire lifespan. The average car is unused for 22 hours a day, and even when it is being used there are normally three empty seats. Surely there must be a way to get the benefit out of things like mowers, drills and even cars, without having to carry the huge up-front costs of ownership? There is indeed. Collaborative consumption is not just a buzzword, it is a new win-win way of life. This insightful and thought-provoking new book by Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers is an important and fast-moving survey of the dramatic changes we are seeing in the way we consume products. Many of us are familiar with freecycle, eBay, couchsurfing and Zipcar. But these are just the beginning of a new phenomenon. Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers have interviewed business leaders and opinion formers around the world to draw together the many strands of Collaborative Consumption into a coherent and challenging argument to show that the way we did business and consumerism in the 20th century is not the way we will do it in the 21st century.
The age of sharing
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Digital collaborations and entrepreneurship : the role of shareconomy and crowdsourcing in the era of smart city
What's mine is yours : the rise of collaborative consumption
Nature for sale : the commons versus commodities
The emercence of the urban entrepreneur : how the growth of cities and the sharing economy are driving a new breed of innovators
It's a shareable life : a practical guide on sharing
An idea-fueled book that explores the rise of new economic models based on shared resources and collective consumption--and the first articulation of a major socioeconomic phenomenon.
The opportunities of a circular economy for Finland
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
The business of sharing : making it in the new sharing economy
Consolidated challenge to social demand for resilient platforms : lessons from Uber's global expansion
Sharing cities : a case for truly smart and sustainable cities
What's mine is yours : how collaborative consumption is changing the way we live
Crowdsourcing : Uber, Airbnb, Kickstarter, and the distributed economy
