http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27492 decals
decals
Iron Sky
Triple play : building the converged network for IP, VoIP and IPTV
Virtual afterlives : grieving the dead in the twenty-first century
The Martian chronicles
The killer in my eyes
Ray Bradbury's The Martian chronicles
The technology of video and audio streaming
Evaluation of imaging in automated visual web inspection
The Fourier transform and its applications
Fundamentals of digital image processing
Kannas = [The Isthmus]
Introduction to data multicasting : [IP multicast streaming for audio and video media distribution]
Objects extraction and recognition for camera-based interaction : heuristic and statistical approaches
RTP : audio and video for the Internet
Ceramics and print
The biopolitics of Stalinism : ideology and life in Soviet socialism
"Whatever art you practice, chances are you're going to come across image transfer techniques. These valuable techniques allow you to reproduce a unique image from any source and apply it to a myriad of surfaces. The options are endless! Playing with Image Transfers is a beautiful and helpful resource that will teach you the four image transfer methods: Packing Tape, Solvent, Medium, and Acrylic transfers, while highlighting basic methods and offering projects across a range of interests and applications. You'll learn how to make beautiful items, including gift boxes, albums, sketchbook covers, wall art, accordion books, and much more. Once you've mastered the techniques, you'll also explore multiple surfaces as a base for transferring - wood, fabric, paper, canvas, and book forms. A beautiful gallery will show the use of image transfers in a wide variety of high-end artistic works to get your creative juices flowing. The "Considerations" in each chapter offer suggestions on how a single project can be expanded or further adapted if you're looking to challenge yourself past the basics. By the time you finish this informative book, you'll be well-equipped to use your own images in your creative work. "--
The essential guide to video processing
European vision and the South Pacific
Return to the postcolony : specters of colonialism in contemporary art
PACS : a guide to the digital revolution
Two-dimensional signal and image processing
Cowboy Bebop. Vol. 3
Digital image processing using MATLAB
Web video: making it great, getting it noticed
Mixed media techniques for successful transfers.
Abstract: Online print.
Digital radiography and PACS
Report on user needs and expectations for mobile stereo-video
The comparison of lossless compression methods in the case of a medical image database
Video streaming and quality of service algorithm integration in 3G mobile networks
Image transfer on clay : screen, relief, decal & monoprint techniques
Imagery on fabric : a complete surface design handbook
The MPEG handbook : MPEG-1, MPEG-2, MPEG-4
Specification of information interfaces in PinView : deliverable D8.1 of FP7 project no 216529 PinView
Image transfer workshop
Using geo-intelligence to improve video data robustness in DVB-T2 systems
Ray Bradbury's The martian chronicles : the authorized adaptation
Spain, Europe and the wider world, 1500-1800
Cowboy Bebop : shooting star. Volume 1
H.264 and MPEG-4 Video compression : video coding for next-generation multimedia
Playing with image transfers : exploring creative imagery for use in art, mixed media, and design
Video over IP : a practical guide to technology and applications
Generative modeling for maximizing precision and recall in information visualization
The last layer : new methods in digital printing for photography, fine art and mixed media
The colonial heritage of French comics
Cowboy Bebop : shooting star. Volume 2
Image processing, analysis and machine vision
Packet video : modelling and signal processing
Cowboy Bebop : Shooting star. Volume 2
Video processing and communications
Peer-to-peer video : the economics, policy, and culture of today's new mass medium
Processing and compression of raster map images
Definition of enriched relevance feedback in PicSOM : deliverable D1.3.1 of FP7 project no 216529 PinView
get streaming! : quick steps to delivering audio and video online
Completely self-contained-and heavily illustrated-this introduction to basic concepts and methodologies for digital image processing is written at a level that truly is suitable for seniors and first-year graduate students in almost any technical discipline. The leading textbook in its field for more than twenty years, it continues its cutting-edge focus on contemporary developments in all mainstream areas of image processing-e.g., image fundamentals, image enhancement in the spatial and frequency domains, restoration, color image processing, wavelets, image compression, morphology, segmentation, image description, and the fundamentals of object recognition. It focuses on material that is fundamental and has a broad scope of application.
Remote Sensing of Medium Voltage Grid: Case Elenia
French colonial documentary : mythologies of humanitarianism
Image transfer protocols for smartphones
Ray Bradbury's the Martian chronicles : the authorized adaptation
Colonial art in Mexico
The black heart
Techniques for signaling and service discovery in DVB-H networks
The Photo Transfer Handbook : Snap it, Print it, Stitch it!
River Queen
Wireless control system for industrial robot
This is my dump truck
A prequel to the film by the same name, this tells the origin of how Nazis ended up on the Moon and of their subsequent return to Earth years in the future.
Video conferencing over IP : configure, secure, and troubleshoot
Baroque and Rococo in Latin America
