http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27460 LSD
LSD
Equalization and channel estimation algorithms and implementations for cellular MIMO-OFDM downlink
Acid dreams : the CIA, LSD, and the sixties rebellion
A really good day : how microdosing made a mega difference in my mood, my marriage, and my life
Turn on, tune in, drop out
LSD : doorway to the numinous : the groundbreaking psychedelic research into realms of the human unconscious
Celebrated Summer
"A revealing, courageous, fascinating, and funny account of the author's experiment with microdoses of LSD in an effort to treat a debilitating mood disorder, of her quest to understand a misunderstood drug, and of her search for a really good day.  When a small vial arrives in her mailbox from "Lewis Carroll," Ayelet Waldman is at a low point. Her mood storms have become intolerably severe; she has tried nearly every medication possible; her husband and children are suffering with her. So she opens the vial, places two drops on her tongue, and joins the ranks of an underground but increasingly vocal group of scientists and civilians successfully using therapeutic microdoses of LSD. As Waldman charts her experience over the course of a month--bursts of productivity, sleepless nights, a newfound sense of equanimity--she also explores the history and mythology of LSD,  the cutting-edge research into the drug, and the byzantine policies that control it. Drawing on her experience as a federal public defender, and as the mother of teenagers, and her research into the therapeutic value of psychedelics, Waldman has produced a book that is eye-opening, often hilarious, and utterly enthralling"--
Does it matter? : essays on man's relation to materiality
The LSD story
New trends in synthetic drugs in the European Union : epidemiology and demand reduction responses
"In an effort to treat a debilitating mood disorder, Ayelet Waldman undertook a very private experiment, ingesting 10 micrograms of LSD every three days for a month. This is the story--by turns revealing, courageous, fascinating and funny--of her quietly psychedelic spring, her quest to understand one of our most feared drugs, and her search for a really good day"--
The use of LSD in psychotherapy and alcoholism
The pharmacology of LSD : a critical review
The quiet roar
"The pioneering book that identified and explored the unknown landscape and non-ordinary states of human unconscious made visible by LSD"--Provided by publisher.
Detection algorithms and architectures for wireless spatial multiplexing in MIMO-OFDM systems
"LSD has a controversial and extraordinary reputation, due to the special effects it can induce on human consciousness. Its experimental use lead to some groundbreaking discoveries about the brain and the deeper layers of the human psyche. After its application in neuroscience, and as a tool within psychotherapy, it was increasingly used by laymen for producing euphoria and religious experiences. Today, there is a resurgence of interest in LSD, including its possible uses in psychotherapy and for the treatment of some headache disorders. This book represents the first ever comprehensive review of the psychological and pharmacological effects of LSD. It draws on data from more than 3000 experimental and clinical studies, with many more referenced. The Pharmacology of LSD provides a unique and valuable resource for anyone interested in better understanding this controversial hallucinogenic drug - including brain scientists, psychopharmacologists, addiction researchers, and psychiatrists"--Provided by publisher.
Psychedelia and other colours
Acid test : LSD, Ecstasy, and the power to heal
