http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2746 philosophy of education
philosophy of education
Education and the social order
Contemporary curriculum : in thought and action
Radical democratic education : a study on wise education
True education
Philosophy of education : studies in philosophies, schooling and educational policies
Philosophy of education
Education and the good society
Philosophy of educational knowledge : an introduction to the foundations of science of education, philosophy of education and practical pedagogics
The Marxist theory of schooling : a study of epistemology and education
The curriculum : purpose, substance, practice
Contemporary theories and practice in education
This book, first published in 1989, relates a theory of liberty to the practice of education, and reveals the implications of beliefs about freedom for our schools and classrooms. The author makes a reasoned plea for society to have more respect for children and not treat them as an inferior sub-species. The central argument of this book is for greater education in democracy, and greater democracy in education. This title will be of interest to students of the philosophy of education.
Adult education and the postmodern challenge : learning beyond the limits
The children on the hill : the story of an extraordinary family
Care in education : teaching with understanding and compassion
Materialities, textures and pedagogies
Educational leadership and Hannah Arendt
General philosophy in education
Now in its fourth edition, Comparative Education: The Dialectic of the Global and the Local remains the same groundbreaking book when it first debuted its collection of outstanding scholars in examining the changing transnational landscape of education. With the addition of new coeditor Stephen Franz, the book provides new perspectives on the dynamic interplay of global, national, and local forces as they shape the functions and outcomes of education systems. The book calls for a rethinking of the nation-state as the basic unit for analyzing school-society relations and emphasizes the need to study social movements in relation to educational reforms. It also emphasizes the value of feminist, postcolonial, and culturally sensitive perspectives for inquiry into the potential of education systems to contribute to individual development and social change. This new edition incorporates recent developments in scholarship, especially in education policy and practice, the impact of the global economic crisis, and a new chapter on education in the European Union.
Paulo Freire's philosophy of education : origins, developments, impacts and legacies
Religious education in a pluralist society : the key philosophical issues
Common sense and the curriculum
Perspectives on learning
A history of education
Children as philosophers : learning through enquiry and dialogue in the primary classroom
Democracy and education
An intelligent person's guide to education
Gratitude in education : a radical view
Education in a society uncertain of its values : contributions to practical pedagogy
Curriculum as meditative inquiry
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
Critical pedagogy in uncertain times : hope and possibilities
The experimental mind in education
Education and inquiry
The educational system in Islam and Christianity : proceedings of the Muslim-Christian Consultation
"The relationship between education and democratic development has been a growing theme in debates focussed upon public education, but there has been little work that has directly related educational leadership to wider issues of freedom, politics and practice. Engaging with ELMA through the work of Hannah Arendt enables these issues of power to be directly confronted. Arendt produced texts that challenged notions of freedom and politics, and notably examined the lives of people, ideas and historical events in ways that are pertinent to the purposes and practices of education. This significant volume examines the main texts in the Arendt library and explains each of the key ideas and how they can enable critical thinking about knowledge production and practice in educational leadership. The analysis draws upon a range of exemplars and empirical projects from the field of educational leadership, investigating utility issues regarding Arendt's ideas, and engaging with the debates concerning her insights and contribution."
Wheels in the head : educational philosophies of authority, freedom, and culture from Socrates to Paulo Freire
Becoming a teacher
Bridging experience, action, and culture in music education
Free children and democratic schools : a philosophical study of liberty and education / Rosemary Chamberlin
"Problematizing the "reason" of schooling as historical and political, leading international and interdisciplinary scholars bring together theory and practice to challenge the assumed common sense of schooling and the relation of society, education, and curriculum studies. Examining the limits of contemporary notions of power and schooling, the argument in this book is that the principles that order school subjects, the curriculum, and teaching reforms are historical practices that govern what is thought, acted on, and talked about. Highlighting the dynamics of social exclusion and normalizing curriculum and exploring questions of social inclusion, The "Reason" of Schooling underscores the urgency for rethinking curriculum research"--
In a Los Angeles neighborhood plagued by guns, gangs, and drugs, there is a classroom known as Room 56. The fifth graders inside are first-generation immigrants who live in poverty and speak English as a second language. They also play Vivaldi, perform Shakespeare, score in the top 1% on standardized tests, and go on to attend Ivy League universities. Rafe Esquith is the teacher responsible for these accomplishments. Here, he reveals his techniques. The classroom's mottoes are "Be nice, work hard," and "There are no shortcuts." His students voluntarily come to school at 6:30 in the morning and work until 5:00 in the afternoon. They pair Hamlet with rock and roll, learn to handle money responsibly, tackle algebra, and travel the country to study history. This is an inspiring road map for parents, teachers, and anyone who cares about the future success of our nation's children.--From publisher description.
From integrative worldview to holistic education : theory and practice
"Focusing on the interdependence between human, animal, and machine, posthumanism redefines the meaning of the human being previously assumed in knowledge production. This movement challenges some of the most foundational concepts in educational theory and has implications within educational research, curriculum design and pedagogical interactions. In this volume, a group of international contributors use posthumanist theory to present new modes of institutional collaboration and pedagogical practice. They position posthumanism as a comprehensive theoretical project with connections to philosophy, animal studies, environmentalism, feminism, biology, queer theory and cognition. Researchers and scholars in curriculum studies and philosophy of education will benefit from the new research agendas presented by posthumanism"--
Basic concepts of educational science : analysis, critique, proposals
Phenomenology and education : selfconsciousness and its development
Sociology and education : issues in sociology of education
Dialogic : education for the Internet age
Jean-Jacques Rousseau on adult education and revolution : paradigma of radical, pedagogical thought
Education, policy and ethics
John Amos Comenius, 1592-1670 : selections
The romantic idea of a university : England and Germany, 1770-1850
A new history of educational philosophy
Mindfulness for dummies
Education policy : philosophical critique
Meaning-centered education : international perspectives and explorations in higher education
The Routledge International Handbook of Philosophies and Theories of Early Childhood Education and Care
Philosophical analysis and education
Democracy and education : an introduction to the philosophy of education
Gandhi's philosophy of education
Education, class language and ideology
Discontinuity as theoretical foundation to pedagogy:existential phenomenology in Otto Friedrich Bollnow’s philosophy of education
Rousseau on education, freedom, and judgment
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
The new philosophy for K-12 education : a Deming framework for transforming America's schools
Social reconstruction learning : dualism, Dewey and philosophy in schools
"Dialogic: Education for the Digital Age argues that despite rapid advances in communications technology, most educational research still relies on traditional approaches to education, built upon the logic of print, and dependent on the notion that there is a single true representation of reality. In practice, the use of the Internet disrupts this traditional logic of education by offering an experience of knowledge as participatory and multiple. The challenge identified in Wegerif's text is the growing need to develop a new understanding of education that will encourage us to provide new policies, and hold the potential to transform educational pedagogy and meet the realities of the digital age. This new logic of education is dialogic and characterises education as learning to learn, think and thrive in the context of working with multiple perspectives and ultimate uncertainty. The book builds upon the simple contrast between observing dialogue from an outside point of view, and participating in a dialogue from the inside, before pinpointing an essential feature of dialogic: the gap or difference between voices in dialogue which is understood as an irreducible source of meaning. Each chapter of the book applies this dialogic thinking to a specific challenge facing education, re-thinking the challenge and revealing a new theory of education. Areas covered in the book include: - dialogical learning and cognition - dialogical learning and emotional intelligence - educational technology, dialogic 'spaces' and consciousness - global dialogue and global citizenship - dialogic theories of science and maths education"--
Philosophical foundations of education
New frontiers in east-west philosophies of education
Maria Montessori : a critical introduction to key themes and debates
John Dewey on education : selected writings
"John Dewey is considered not only as one of the founders of pragmatism, but also as an educational classic whose approaches to education and learning still exercise great influence on current discourses and practices internationally. In this book, we first provide an introduction to Dewey's educational theories that is founded on a broad and comprehensive reading of his philosophy as a whole. We discuss Dewey's path-breaking contributions by focusing on three important paradigm shifts - namely, the cultural, constructive and communicative turns in 20th century educational thinking. Secondly, we seek to recontexualize Dewey for a new generation who has come of age in a very different world than that in which Dewey lived and wrote. We provide examples of such recontextualization by connecting his philosophy with six recent and influential discourses (Bauman, Foucault, Bourdieu, Derrida, Levinas, Rorty). These serve as models for other recontexualizations that readers might wish to carry out for themselves"--
The ideal and the community : A philosophy of education
Values, education and the adult
The social construction of virtue : the moral life of schools
Philosophical theories of education
Interpreting education
Democracies always in the making : historical and current philosophical issues for education
A treatise on man. Volume 2, His intellectual faculties and his education
Knowledge and nation
The critical turn in education : from marxist critique to poststructural feminism to critical theories of race
Many teachers want to contribute to children's moral development, but this desire has not always resulted in a profound grasp of what 'moral education' really means, why it would be desirable and how it can best be achieved. This book confronts these questions by examining what Aristotelian virtue ethics can illuminate about moral education. At the same time, it evaluates whether Aristotelian theory can still be useful for contemporary educational practice. The argument culminates in a morally justified and psychologically realistic account of how virtue can best be taught in schools. The approach, called 'character education', sees moral education not as enforcing rules or transferring values in separate subjects. Instead, it encourages teachers - whatever subject they teach - to be a 'morally exemplary teacher', which is revealed through all kinds of small decisions and emotional reactions. This philosophical essay takes a constructive but critical stance towards empirical research about the effectiveness of teaching methods and the realism of character traits.
"There can be little doubt that the education of the very young provides an essential foundation for all that follows, and the nature of that education is critical. This book locates Froebelian practice in current practice, through a wealth of examples from contemporary settings.   The book brings together contributions from distinguished primary and early childhood practitioners, who show how they have used educational methods advocated by Froebel. Stressing the importance of outdoor play, they explore the Froebelian principles of:  Play ; Learning through firsthand experience ; Parent partnership and community in early childhood  ; Practitioners supporting children's interests and learning ; Finger rhymes and action songs ; Movement ; The garden and forests ; Wooden blockplay ; Use of clay, paint, junk modeling, construction kits."--Publisher's website.
Krishnamurti on education
Trying to teach in a season of great untruth : globalization, empire and the crises of pedagogy
The educational thought of W. E. B. Du Bois : an intellectual history
Introduction to the philosophy of education
Against capitalist education : what is education for?
Meritocratic education and social worthlessness
Since education in family to system aspects of education
"Acts of Knowing aims to provide readers with a means of understanding the issues from the perspective of Critical Pedagogy; an educational philosophy which believes that 'knowing' must be freed from the constraints of the financial and managerialist logics which dominate the contemporary university. Critical Pedagogy is important for three key reasons: it conceptualises pedagogy as a process of engagement between the teacher and taught; secondly that that engagement is based on an underlying humanistic view about human worth and value; and thirdly that the 'knowing' which can come out of this engagement needs to be understood essentially as exchange between people, rather than a financial exchange"--Provided by publisher.
Teach like your hair's on fire : the methods and madness inside room 56
Johan Amos Comenius 1582-1670
Journal of philosophy of education
Foundations for a philosophy of education
The philosophy of primary education : an introduction
Education lost : reflections on contemporay pedagogical practice
Early childhood practice : Froebel today
The philosophy of teaching
Discontinuity as theoretical foundation to pedagogy : existential phenomenology in Otto Friedrich Bollnow's philosophy of education
The philosophy of schooling
The education of the child : and early lectures on education
The Oxford handbook of philosophy in music education
The school and society
Aristotle on education being extracts from the Ethics and Politics
21st century education : a reference handbook. Volume 1
Child, Philosophy and Education:discussing the intellectual sources of Philosophy for Children
Rather than relegating philosophical inquiry to moot questions and abstract situations, the contributors to this volume address everyday concerns faced by music educators everywhere.
Philosophical foundations for the curriculum
Philosophy and education : an introduction to key questions and themes
Education and the value of knowledge
Intergroup dialogue : engaging difference, social identities and social justice
What is philosophy of education?
Education, persons and society : a philosophical enquiry
Child, philosophy and education : discussing the intellectual sources of Philosophy for Children
Metatheories in philosophy of education
An introduction to the philosophy of education
Individualism and educational theory
John Dewey on theory and practice : theory of knowledge and theory of teaching and learning
Philosophical documents in education
Deleuze and lifelong learning : creativity, events and ethics
Acts of knowing : critical pedagogy in, against and beyong the university
Habit as central and transactional in John Dewey's philosophy of education
Philosophizing about education
Aristotelian character education
The educational thought of the classical political economists
Buber and education : dialogue as conflict resolution
The social context and values : perspectives of the Americas
Pedagogy of praxis : a dialectical philosophy of education
Outlines of educational doctrine
Philosophers on education
Teaching thinking : a survey of programmes in education
Introduction to the philosophies of research and criticism in education and the social sciences
Improving education : realist approaches to method and research
An introduction to philosophy of education
Experience and education : the 60th anniversary edition
Theories of education : studies of significant innovation in Western educational thought
Education and knowledge : the structured misrepresentation of reality
In praise of the cognitive emotions and other essays in the philosophy of education
A post-modern perspective on curriculum
Philosophy of education : studies in philosophies, schooling, and educational policies
Theory of knowledge and problems of education
Existence and subjectivity : a theme in the philosophy of education
Pestalozzi and the educationalization of the world
Knowledge, experience, and ruling relations : studies in the social organizations of knowledge
Recurring themes in education
The relationship between democracy and education is always one of the core questions when it comes to the existence, continuity, and development of a democratic society. In the spirit of the original sense of philosophy, this is, the loving of wisdom, Mikko Valtonen pursues in this book a perspective of a wise educator and asks through insightful philosophical analysis what could be the nature of the most wise and best education imaginable. The book consists of seven key dimensions of radical democratic education which include 1) democracy as a radical and progressive form of living, 2) liberating and therapeutic view on education, 3) melioristic worldview, 4) the ideal of self-critical reason, 5) hope as a fundamental attitude in education, 6) the ideal of peace and non-violence, and 7) synthesis of theory and practice. In the spirit of radical democracy theory, Valtonen defends the extension and radical deepening of democracy in all educational practices and understands democracy broadly as an active, communal, and value-based form of living deeply defining our whole human existence instead of being a mere quality of a political system.
New directions in social theory, education and embodiment
Breeding : a partial history of the eighteenth century
Posthumanism and educational research
The philosophy of education : an introduction
Kurt Hahn : Inspirational, Visionary, Outdoor and Experiential Educator
Educational perspectives on recognition theory
Conformism and critique in liberal society
The philosophical foundations of education
Emergent teaching : a path of creativity, significance, and transformation
Comparative education : the dialectic of the global and the local
Values in education
The philosophical bases of education
The artist's way for parents : raising creative children
Character education : a Neo-Aristotelian approach to the philosophy, psychology and education of virtue
Reason and teaching
Studies in the history of educational theory. Vol. 2, The minds and the masses, 1760-1980
Reading Paulo Freire : his life and work
Fragments of reality : daily entries of lived life
"A critique of Freire's thinking, the influence of his work and ways in which his theories may be developed into the future"--
Indoctrination, communicative teaching and recognition : studies in critical theory and democracy in education
Studio-based instrumental learning
In quest of the science of education : from reductionistic discourse to systemic theory
Education
Philosophy of education : proceedings of the ... Annual Meeting of the Philosophy of Education Society
Becoming critical : education, knowledge and action research
Making sense of education : fifteen contemporary educational theorists in their own words
An introduction to the study of education
John Dewey (1859-1952) believed that learning was active and schooling unnecessarily long and restrictive. His idea was that children came to school to do things and live in a community which gave them real, guided experiences which fostered their capacity to contribute to society. Dewey's education philosophy helped forward the "progressive education" movement, and spawned the development of "experiential education" programs and experiments.
The nurture assumption : why children turn out the way they do
Creative schools : revolutionizing education from the ground up
Dorothy Smith is considered one of the most original sociologists and theorists of our time, and her writings have attracted much attention in Europe and the US as well as in Canada. This collection of original essays, written by scholars who worked or studied with Smith, exemplifies Smith's approach to social analysis. Each author takes an empirical approach. Some analyse texts (the maps and documents of land-use planning, photographs, an influential history of British India, reports of a task force on battered women); some draw on interviews (with clerical workers, with Japanese corporate wives), while others (an AIDS activist, a teacher of adult literacy, a social worker) reflect on personal experiences. In each case we are introduced to specific themes in Smith's approach. The essays put Smith's method to work in diverse ways and in the process offer intriguing insights into their topics. This tribute to Smith's empowering contribution as a thinker and teacher reveals how empirical studies can illuminate concepts usually presented in the abstract. As the first compilation of applications of Smith's methodology, this is a landmark work in the developing field of the social organization of knowledge.
The aims of education
Philosophical and ideological perspectives on education
Education for being : a report on experiences in an active school
Bourdieu and education : acts of practical theory
Knowing and learning as creative action : a reexamination of the epistemological foundations of education
Patterns of educational philosophy : divergence and convergence in culturological perspective
Explores the writings of Rousseau, including Emile, Discourse on the Origins of Inequality, and On the Social Contract, focusing on the problem of judgment and its role in creating the condition for genuine self-rule.
Reimagining liberal education : affiliation and inquiry in democratic schooling
Modern philosophies of education
Education and practice : upholding the integrity of teaching and learning
"This book looks closely at discourses of creativity in the lifelong learning sector from the perspective of a teacher educator. It reworks the idea of creativity for lifelong learning using an analysis of the cinema of Michelangelo Antonioni as a basis. The book argues that ethics and creativity are indissociable and that more relevant practices in teaching, learning and research can be developed from and with them. To do this, the book examines Deleuze's notion of counter-actualization as a form of creative practice and establishes ethical and practical consequences for this diverse sector. "--
Two Cultures of Arts Education, Finland and Canada? An integrated View
The sins of the fathers
The "Reason" of schooling : historicizing curriculum studies, pedagogy, and teacher education
Educational leadership and Michel Foucault
Theories in educational psychology : concise guide to meaning and practice
Concepts of aesthetic education : Japanese and European perspectives
The Freirean legacy : educating for social justice
Concepts of indoctrination : philosophical essays
Philosophical issues in education : an introduction
Contemporary issues in curriculum
Models of man : explorations in the western educational tradition
A treatise on man. Volume 1, His intellectual faculties and his education
Free children and democratic schools : a philosophical study of liberty and education
Philosophy and education : an introduction
Between man and man
John Dewey's philosophy of education : an introduction and recontextualization for our times
In "Studio-Based Instrumental Learning", Kim Burwell investigates the nature of lesson interactions in instrumental teaching and learning. Studio lesson activity is represented as a private interaction, dealing with skill acquisition and reflecting a tradition based in apprenticeship, as well as the personal attributes and intentions of participants. The varied and particular nature of such interaction does not always lend itself well to observation or - when observed - to easy interpretation. This presents particular problems for practitioners wishing to share aspects of professional knowledge, and for researchers seeking to explain the practice. Focusing on a single case study of two clarinet lessons, Burwell uses video observations and interviews to analyse collaborative lesson activity, through the 'rich transcription' of performance, verbal and nonverbal behaviours. The foregrounded lesson interactions are also contextualised by the background consideration of social, cultural and institutional frameworks. The research is aimed at helping to create a framework that can support reflection among practitioners as they continually develop their work, not only experientially - through the tradition of 'vertical transmission' from one musician to another - but collaboratively, through the 'horizontal' sharing of good practice.
"This challenging and provocative book reimagines the justification, substance, process, and study of education in open, pluralistic, liberal democratic societies. Hanan Alexander argues that educators need to enable students to embark on a quest for intelligent spirituality, while paying heed to a pedagogy of difference. Through close analysis of the work of such thinkers as William James, Charles Taylor, Elliot Eisner, Michael Oakeshott, Isaiah Berlin, Martin Buber, Michael Apple and Terrence McLaughlin, Reimagining Liberal Education offers an account of school curriculum and moral and religious instruction that throws new light on the possibilities of a nuanced, rounded education for citizenship. Divided into three parts - Transcendental Pragmatism in Educational Research, Pedagogy of Difference and the Other Face of Liberalism, and Intelligent Spirituality in the Curriculum, this is a thrilling work of philosophy that builds upon the author's award-winning text Reclaiming Goodness: Education and the Spiritual Quest"--
