http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27458 municipal boundaries
municipal boundaries
Handbook on the delimitation of maritime boundaries
The reach of Rome : a history of the Roman imperial frontier 1st-5th centuries AD
On the rim of Mexico : encounters of the rich and poor
Comparing and contrasting speeches attributed to barbarian leaders by ancient Roman historians, this book offers a systematic examination of the ways in which those historians valorized foreigners and presented criticisms of their own society.
Secession : international law perspectives
The Roman Empire and its neighbours
Limes XIX : proceedings of the XIXth International Congress of Roman Frontier Studies held in Pécs, Hungary, September 2003
Abstract (s. 3).
The making of Europe's critical infrastructure : common connections and shared vulnerabilities
The formation of medieval Karelia
Empires, nations, and families : a new history of the North American West, 1800-1860
The transformation of frontiers from late antiquity to the Carolingians
America as second creation : technology and narratives of new beginnings
Narrating victimhood : gender, religion and the making of place in post-war Croatia
Valorizing the Barbarians : enemy speeches in Roman historiography
National borders and economic disintegration in modern East Central Europe
The frontiers of the Ottoman world
Karjalan reformi = Reforma Karelii = Return of Karelia
Ethnicity and nation building in the Nordic world
Authority
Frontiers of the Roman Empire
Frontiers : histories of civil society and nature
Regional development in Northern Europe : peripherality, marginality and border issues
This volume presents the proceedings of the ninth workshop of the international network 'Impact of Empire', which concentrates on the history of the Roman Empire and brings together ancient historians, archaeologists, classicists and specialists on Roman law from some thirty European, North American and Australian universities. This volume focuses on different ways in which the Roman Empire created, changed and influenced (perceptions of) frontiers. The volume is divided into five larger sections: the meaning of 'frontiers', consequences of frontiers, religious frontiers, shifting... read morefrontiers and crossing 'frontiers'. In this way, the volume pays attention to different kind of 'frontiers' within the Roman Empire, and to their importance for the functioning of the Roman Empire over a longer period of time.
The tin drum
The Roman Empire was the largest and most enduring of the ancient world. From its zenith under Augustus and Trajan in the first century AD to its decline and fall amidst the barbarian invasions of the fifth century, the Empire guarded and maintained a frontier that stretched for 5,000 kilometres, from Carlisle to Cologne, from Augsburg to Antioch, and from Aswan to the Atlantic. Far from being at the periphery of the Roman world, the frontier played a crucial role in making and breaking emperors, creating vibrant and astonishingly diverse societies along its course which pulsed with energy while the centre became enfeebled and sluggish. This remarkable new book traces the course of those frontiers, visiting all its astonishing sites, from Hadrian's Wall in the north of Britain to the desert cities of Palmyra and Leptis Magna. It tells the fascinating stories of the men and women who lived and fought along it, from Alaric the Goth, who descended from the Danube to sack Rome in 410, to Zenobia the desert queen, who almost snatched the entire eastern provinces from Rome in the third century. It is at their edges, in time and geographical extent, that societies reveal their true nature, constantly seeking to recreate and renew themselves. In this examination of the places that the mighty Roman Empire stopped expanding, Philip Parker reveals how and why the Empire endured for so long, as well as describing the rich and complex architectural and cultural legacy which it has bequeathed to us.
Sukupuolitetut rajat = gendered borders and boundaries
Nature and dynamics of forest-savanna boundaries
Virtually American? : denationalizing North American studies
Even the dogs
On the border : society and culture between the United States and Mexico
State and society in small-town Russia : a feminist-ethnographic inquiry into the boundaries of society in the Finnish-Russian borderland
Europe and Finland : defining the political identity of Finland in Western Europe
Towards a Nordic competition state? Politico-economic transformation of statehood in Finland, 1965-2005
Tourism, progress and peace
Frontiers in the Roman world : proceedings of the ninth workshop of the International Network Impact of Empire (Durham, 16-19 April 2009)
News and frontier consciousness in the late Roman Empire
Rome and its frontiers : the dynamics of empire
United States-Mexico border statistics since 1900
American frontiers : cultural encounters and continental conquest
State, territory and identity : the principle of national self-determination, the question of territorial sovereignty in Carinthia and other post-Habsburg territories after the First World War
This is the first major comparative study of the frontiers of the Ottoman Empire, one of the crucial forces that shaped the modern world. The essays combine archaeological and historical approaches to further understanding of how this major empire approached the challenge of controlling frontiers as diverse and far-flung as Central and Eastern Europe, Anatolia, Iraq, Arabia, and the Sudan. Ranging across the 15th to early 20th centuries, essays cover frontier fortifications, administration, society, and economy and shed light on the Ottomans' interaction with their neighbours, both Muslim and Christian, through warfare, trade and diplomacy. As well as summing up the current state of knowledge they also point the way to fresh avenues of research. The Frontiers of the Ottoman World will be essential reading for historians and archaeologists of the Middle East and early modern Central and Eastern Europe. Giving a particular prominence to the nascent discipline of Ottoman archaeology, the volume will also be of particular interest to students of Islamic archaeology.
Limes XVIII : proceedings of the XVIIIth International Congress of Roman Frontier Studies, held in Amman, Jordan (September 2000) : a conference held under the auspices of the Department of Antiquities of the Heshemite Kingdom of Jordan, The Council for British Research in the Levant and the Department of Archaeology at the University of Liverpool
Russia, more different than most
The devil's highway : a true story
Our places - their spaces : urban territoriality in the Northern Irish conflict
Knights of the hawk
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
Beyond post-Soviet transition : micro perspectives on challenge and survival in Russia and Estonia
Globalization and marginality in geographical space : political, economic and social issues of development in the new millennium
Europeanizing contention : the protest against "fortress Europe" in France and Germany
The empire stops here : a journey along the frontiers of the Roman world
Landscape boundaries : consequences for biotic diversity and ecological flows
The splintered kingdom
Palestine : peace not apartheid
Roman frontier studies 1979 : papers presented to the 12th International Congress of Roman Frontier Studies
Do the Romans have anything to teach us about the way that they saw the world, and the way they ran their empire? How did they deal with questions of frontiers and migration, so often in the news today? This collection of ten important essays by C. R. Whittaker, engages with debates and controversies about the Roman frontiers and the concept of empire. Truly global in its focus, the book examines the social, political and cultural implications of the Roman frontiers in Africa, India, Britain, Europe, Asia and the Far East, and provides a comprehensive account of their significance.
In search of boundaries : communication, nation-states and cultural identities
The global environmental movement : reclaiming paradise
Security and everyday life
The Louisiana Purchase in 1803 doubled the size of the new United States, promising not only land but prosperity for its citizens.
New civic neighborhood : cross-border cooperation and civic society engagement at the Finnish-Russian border
Forensic architecture : notes from fields and forums = Forensische Architektur : Notizen von Feldern und Foren
The anthropological study of class and consciousness
The Roman shore forts : coastal defences of southern Britain
Self-determination and borders : the obligation to show consideration for the interests of others
Action without reaction : a Mongolian border intervention / Brett Neilson, Ned Rossiter
The Persian Gulf in history
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Walls : travels along the barricades
Sustainable development of the lesotundra zone in Russia: Problems and opportunities
