http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27487 plant-based materials
plant-based materials
Forestry in a global context
The art of papermaking with plants
Terence Conran's New House Book : the complete guide to home design
Basketry & weaving with natural materials
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media and Hydroponics : Alnarp, Sweden, 8-14 September 2001
Seed and planting material available to small-scale farmers in many developing countries is often of insufficient quality, which undermines potential yield and performance of crop production. In 1993, the FAO Plant Production and Protection Division (AGP) initiated an expert consultation that produced technical guidelines on standards and procedures for quality seeds, known as the quality declared seed (QDS) system. QDS, as a quality assurance scheme for seed production, is less demanding than full quality control systems and, thus, can be more easily implemented in situations where resources are limited. However, crop species propagated by diverse vegetative structures such as setts, stem cuttings, tubers, suckers, corms and others have not been included in QDS, even though some of these species are of major importance for agricultural production and food security. Many of these crops, such as yam, cassava and sweetpotato, belong to tropical or subtropical agricultural systems and are staple foods in many developing countries. This publication presents protocols and standards for the production of quality planting material of the most important vegetatively reproduced crops.--Preface
Quality declared planting material : protocols and standards for vegetatively propagated crops : expert consultation, Lima, 27-29 November 2007
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Micro and Macro Technologies for Plant Propagation and Breeding in Horticulture : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
World list of seed sources = Liste mondiale de sources de semences = Lista mundial de fuentes de semillas
Anthraquinones from the fungus Dermocybe sanguinea as textile dyes
Fields of blue
Bioproducts from Canada's forests : new partnerships in the bioeconomy
Constructing landscape : materials, techniques, structural components
Nils-Udo : art in nature
More and better fruit with EMLA : a practical guide to virus-free planting material
From science to industry
Promoting natural materials
Materials and sustainable development
Fun with nature
The conservation of artifacts made from plant materials / Mary-Lou E. Florian, Dale Paul Kronkright, Ruth E. Norton
Noroviruses on surfaces : detection, transfer and inactivation
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Sustainable use of renewable natural resources : from principles to practices
Alkaline pulping of non-wood feedstocks and characterization of black liquors
Cereal straw as a resource for sustainable biomaterials and biofuels : chemistry, extractives, lignins, hemicelluloses and cellulose
Viruses of potatoes and seed-potato production
Fashion textiles now
Non-wood forest products : the way ahead
Country collage
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
The art of instruction : vintage educational charts from the 19th and 20th centuries
What a glorious day : searching for the luxurious linen look in contract residential interiors
The plant motif in teaching drawing at the beginning of the 20th century / Eeva Gullstén
Stickwork
Pelargonium micropropagation and pathogen elimination : COST 87 : a report of the Pelargonium Working Group
Marja Hakala : the hidden order of nature
Fairie-ality style : a sourcebook of inspirations from nature
Nature : facts and fun
The jiffy pot handbook
Let your kids go wild outside : creative ways to help children discover nature and enjoy the great outdoors
World bamboo resources : a thematic study prepared in the framework of the Global Forest Resouces Assessment 2005
Proceedings of the IVth international symposium on acclimatization and establishment of micropropagated plants
The 1st Nordic Conference on Flax and Hemp Processing : 10 - 12 August 1998, Tampere Hall, Tampere 1998 : proceedings abstracts of posters
Biodegradable films from cereal arabinoxylans
Craft from natural materials
Waste management for the food industries
