http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27503 platinoids
platinoids
Hydrometallurgical recovery of platinum group metals
Platinum group elements (PGEs) have a high commercial value and variety of applications in different fields of industry. One of the well-known applications is the use of palladium, platinum and rhodium in the catalytic converters of automobiles to reduce the amount of harmful gases emitted to the environment. Advanced analytical methods are needed to deal with issues related to development of new catalyst materials, recycling of PGEs from spent materials and for monitoring PGE emissions to the environment.In the first part of this study the emphasis was on the catalyst materials. Especially, reliable determination of ruthenium content in catalyst materials required further studies. Consequently, acid digestions in closed vessels using a microwave oven or high pressure asher were compared with a previously reported fusion method. Furthermore, the recovery of PGEs from spent materials is important due to many factors, for example, the high value of these metals, environmental aspects related to their production and possible availability issues in the future. Thus, utilization of microwave-assisted leaching and cloud point extraction (CPE) for the recovery of palladium, platinum, rhodium and ruthenium from catalyst materials was investigated.The second part of this study concentrated on the PGEs in environmental samples and the analytical challenges related to PGE determinations with inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS). Due to the use of PGEs in catalytic converters of automobiles, they are emitted to the roadside environment. The use of Pleurozium schreberi, a terrestrial moss, for active biomonitoring of these emissions was evaluated. Advanced analytical methods were needed to perform interference-free determinations of palladium, platinum and rhodium in these samples. Two alternative approaches for interference elimination were studied. Firstly, theinterfering elements were removed using CPE as a chemical separation method. Secondly, interferences were eliminated using ammonia as a reaction gas with the novel ICP-MS/MS (inductively coupled plasma tandem mass spectrometry) technique.
Hallmarks and date letters on silver, gold and platinum
Magmatic Ni-Cu and PGE deposits : geology, geochemistry, and genesis
Methane combustion activity of Al2O3-supported Pd, Pt, and Pd-Pt catalysts : experimental and theoretical studies
Advanced and sustainable beneficiation of platinum-group minerals in sulfide-poor platinum deposits - BEPGE : mineralogy subproject : final report
Praktikum Platinschmieden : Aktuelles Fachwissen in anschaulichen Bilderfolgen und informartiven Texten = Practical platinumsmith : the latest techniques presented in a series of clear illustrations and informative texts. 1.
Advanced analytical methods for platinum group elements : applications in the research of catalyst materials, recycling and environmental issues
Element concentrations in wild edible mushrooms in Finland
Guide to the post-symposium field trip, August 4-11, 1989 : PGE Research Project 1987 - 1989. Part 1 - 2, The Tornio - Näränkävaara intrusion belt. - Kuhmo - Koli - Enonkoski sites
The challenge of finding new mineral resources : global metallogeny, innovative exploration, and new discoveries. Vol. 1-2
Exploration for platinum-group element deposits
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. B4, Ore deposits of the Kola Peninsula, Northwestern Russia
The sampling and assay of the precious metals : comprising gold, silver, platinum, and the platinum group metals in ores, bullion, and products
