http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27516 luggage compartments
luggage compartments trunks (automobile)
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
"Tidying expert Marie Kondo's follow-up to her best-selling book, The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up, is an illustrated master manual on her renowned KonMari Method with item-specific guidance and step-by-step folding illustrations"--Provided by publisher.
Cult streetwear
C/id : visual identity and branding for the arts
Unf*ck your habitat : you're better than your mess
The inpact of the 2009 financial crisis on the market of luxury clothing in Russia, in st. Petersburg in particuar
The purpose of the research was to study the impacts of the 2009 financial crisis on the market for luxury clothing in Russia, especially in St. Petersburg. This included studying the changes in the economic situation in general, consumer demand, operations of the luxury companies during the crisis and the challenges for a new company planning to enter the market. The research was based on reports, articles and other written information sources by experts from the financial and fashion sectors as well as five intervies with professionals from the fashion industry in St. Petersburg. The research was conducted together with Jasmin Santanen Paris company. The research was conducted through thematic interviews with five interviewees: International relationship manager from a company organizing a fashion trade fair, the president of the unofficial fashion week of St. Petersburg, a manager of a luxury multi-brand store, a buyer from a department store and a sole entrepreneur. Common themes and opinions were then summarized and compared to the secondary information. It was discovered that the financial crisis of 2009 has had an impact on the luxury fashion market in St. Petersburg. The consumer demand has decreased; many companies have cut or delayed their operations and expansion plans. In addition to the direct effects of the financial crisis, many other challenges that a new luxury company faces in the Russian market, was discovered. These include the lack of experience and  qualified professionals, corruption, complicated tax and customs procedures and changing consumer preferences.
Expo : trade fair stand design
Complete book of home organization
Spark joy : an illustrated master class on the art of organizing and tidying up
Airport and aviation security : U.S. policy and strategy in the age of global terrorism
Spark joy : an illustrated guide to the japanese art of tidying
Temperature conditions of meat products during refrigerated transport by lorries
The culture of design
Spark joy : an illustrated guide to the Japanese art of tidying
Unfuck your habitat : you're better than your mess
A local heating system using wood fuel from farms
The life-changing magic of tidying : a simple, effective way to banish clutter forever
1000 retail graphics : from signage to logos and everything in-store
Factors affecting the usability of aspen (Populus tremula) wood dried at different temperature levels
Snoop : what your stuff says about you
Agricultural and food policy
A history of building types
The life-changing magic of tidying : the Japanese art of decluttering and organizing
The life-changing magic of tidying up : the Japanese art of decluttering and organizing
Accurary and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
