http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27519 animal allergy
animal allergy
A dog called Whatnot
Biometeorology for adaptation to climate variability and change
Allergic skin diseases of dogs and cats
Allergic skin diseases : studies on mechanisms in experimental atopic dermatitis and allergic contact dermatitis
Contact hypersensitivity in experimental animals
Impact of the human bacterial environment on mycobacteriosis and allergy
The farm environment, allergic diseases and respiratory health
Anokhi's new friend
Human T cell response to dog lipocalin allergens : prospects for allergen immunotherapy
"Biometeorology has long been concerned with describing and understanding the impacts of weather and climate on humans and their activities and the natural (biosphere) system. Applied biometeorologists have focused on how best to prepare for and cope with weather and climate abnormalities. However they have tended to pursue their research in relative isolation from each other. There is now a need to better understand the commonalities as well as the differences within the broad field of applied biometeorology. The driving force is that biometeorologists are faced with a common problem - how best to provide advice on how to adapt to or cope with climate change. Adaptation is a cross cutting theme. It is an issue which biometeorologists are increasingly engaging with and learning about from each other. Biometeorology because of its focus on the sensitivity of human and biophysical systems to atmospheric variations and change clearly has something to contribute to the wider agenda of managing the impacts of climate change. The purpose of this collection of papers on biometeorology and adaptation is therefore to: Communicate some of the basic ideas and concepts of the sub-fields of biometeorology as they relate to climate change. Explore ideas, concepts, and practice within the field of biometeorology that may be developed in common. Provide a basis for a new vision for biometeorology that will help to communicate its understanding and expertise, as well as enhance its utility."--Back cover.
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterial and fungal exposures
Exposure to environmental tobacco smoke, animals and pollen grains as determinants of atopic diseases and respiratory infections
Human T cell responses to dog lipocalin allergens : prospects for allergen immunotherapy
Asthma and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis among university students : occurrence and risk factors
Common dermatological problems in older pets
Pathomechanisms of Atopic Dermatitis : Special Emphasis on Superantigen, Topical Treatment and Interleukin-33 receptor
The food safety hazard guidebook
