http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27509 pyrolysis oil
pyrolysis oil
The impacts and opportunities of oil palm in Southeast Asia : what do we know and what do we need to know?
Determination of particulate and unburned hydrocarbon emissions from diesel engines fueled with biodiesel
Plant biotechnology for sustainable production of energy and co-products
What happens when bio-terrorism becomes a tool for corporate profits? And what happens when this forces humanity to the cusp of post-human evolution? This is a tale of Bangkok struggling for survival in a post-oil era of rising sea levels and out-of-control mutation / Library off Congress.
Cuba's energy future : strategic approaches to cooperation
Comparison of particulate PAH emissions for diesel, biodiesel and cooking oil using a heavy duty DI diesel engine
Estimation of the oxidation level of edible oils : high-performance size-exclusion chromatography (HPSEC) applied to the early phase of oxidation
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Rapeseed today and tomorrow : proceedings of the ninth international rapeseed congress, 4 to 7 July 1995, Cambridge, United Kingdom
Le pétrole et le gaz arctiques : problèmes et perspectives : le 5e Congrès international de la Fondation française d'études nordiques, Le Havre, 2-5 mai 1973 : rapports scientifiques = Arctic oil and gas : problems and possibilities. [2]
Development of next generation biodiesel technology : catalytic deoxygenation of renewables
Comparison of the effects of various fuel additives on the diesel engine emissions
Biodegradation studies of recycled vegetable oils, surface-active agents, and condensing wastewaters
Abstract.
Seed technology and its biological basis
Compression ignition delay (physical + chemical) of dimethyl ether - an alternative fuel for compression-ignition engines
This book extensively covers the different types of biomass (e.g. molasses, sugar beet pulp, cheese whey, sugarcane residues, palm waste, vegetable oil, straws, stalks and wood), various pretreatment approaches (e.g. physical, thermal, chemical, physicochemical and biological) and methods that show the subsequent production of biofuels and chemicals such as sugars, ethanol, extracellular polysaccharides, biodiesel, gas and oil. In addition to traditional methods such as steam, hot-water, hydrothermal, diluted-acid, organosolv, ozonolysis, sulfite, milling, fungal and bacterial, microwave, ultrasonic, plasma, torrefaction, pelletization, gasification (including biogas) and liquefaction pretreatments, it also introduces and discusses novel techniques such as nano and solid catalysts, organic electrolyte solutions and ionic liquids. This book offers a review of state-of-the-art research and provides guidance for the future paths of developing pretreatment techniques of biomass for biofuels, especially in the fields of biotechnology, microbiology, chemistry, materials science and engineering.
Future transport power sources : executive summary
Chemical process technology
Fuels and engines : technology, energy, environment
Production and technology of bio-diesel : seeding a change
Vegetable oil fuels : proceedings of the International Conference on Plant and Vegetable Oils as Fuels, August 2-4, 1982, Holiday Inn Fargo, North Dakota
Wood torrefaction : market prospects and integration with the forest and energy industry
Assessing the antimicrobial activity of essential oils with MIC and Checkerboard assays
Potential of hydrogenated vegetable oil (HVO) in a modern diesel engine
Biodiesel Power : The passion, the people, and  the politics of the next renewable fuel
The ongoing expansion of oil palm plantations in the humid tropics, especially in Southeast Asia, is generating considerable concern and debate. Amid industry and environmental campaigners' claims, it can be hard to perceive reality. Is oil palm a valuable route to sustainable development or a costly road to environmental ruin? Inevitably, any answer depends on many choices. But do decision makers have the information they require to avoid pitfalls and make the best decisions? This review examines what we know and what we don't know about oil palm developments. Our sources include academic publications and 'grey' literature, along with expert consultations. Some facts are indisputable: among these are that oil palm is highly productive and commercially profitable at large scales, and that palm oil demand is rising. Implementing oil palm developments involves many tradeoffs. Oil palm's considerable profitability offers wealth and development where wealth and development are needed -- but also threatens traditional livelihoods. It offers a route out of poverty, while also making people vulnerable to exploitation, misinformation and market instabilities. It threatens rich biological diversity -- while also offering the finance needed to protect forest. It offers a renewable source of fuel, but also threatens to increase global carbon emissions. We remain uncertain of the full implications of current choices. How can local, regional and international benefits be increased while costs are minimised? While much important information is available, it is often open to question or hard to generalise. We conclude this review with a list of pressing questions requiring further investigation. Credible, unbiased research on these issues will move the discussion and practice forward.
Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components : proceedings of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003
The 1st Nordic Conference on Flax and Hemp Processing : 10 - 12 August 1998, Tampere Hall, Tampere 1998 : proceedings abstracts of posters
How sustainable biofuel business really is? : Today's issues on biofuel production
Corporate social responsibility to utilize biomass : oil industry and biofuel production
Bioremediation of petroleum and petroleum products
Designer oil crops : breeding, processing and biotechnology
Characterization of petroleum and bio-oil samples by ultrahigh-resolution Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance mass spectrometry
Remediation of petroleum contaminated soils : biological, physical, and chemical processes
Utilization of supercritical carbon dioxide in the analysis of triacylglycerols and isolation of berry oils
Biocatalysis and bioenergy
Brassica oilseeds : production and utilization
Liquid biofuels : emergence, development and prospects
Jatropha: a smallholder bioenergy crop : the potential for pro-poor development
The impacts of biofuels on the economy, environment, and poverty : a global perspective
Behaviour of a diesel injection system with biodiesel fuel
Treatment and characterisation of oily wastewaters
As feedstocks to refineries change, there must be an accompanying change in refinery technology. This means a movement from conventional means of refining heavy feedstocks using (typically) coking technologies to more innovative processes that will coax the last drips of liquid fuels from the feedstock. This book presents the evolution of refinery processes during the last century and as well as the means by which refinery processes will evolve during the next three-to-five decades. Chapters contain material relevant to (1) comparisons of current feedstocks with heavy oil and bio-feedstocks; (2) evolution of refineries since the 1950s, (3) properties and refinability of heavy oil and bio-feedstocks, (4) thermal processes vs. hydroprocesses, and (5) evolution of products to match the environmental market. Process innovations that have influenced refinery processing over the past three decades are presented, as well as the relevant patents that have the potential for incorporation into future refineries.-- back cover.
The Microbial degradation of oil pollutants : workshop held at Georgia State University, Atlanta, December, 1972
Biofuels : securing the planet's future energy needs
The phytotoxic effects and biodegradability of stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester
Sustainability of palm oil production and opportunities for Finnish technology and know-how transfer
Fuel oil quality and combustion of fast pyrolysis bio-oils
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants : Chiang Mai, Thailand, January 15-18, 2007
World energy outlook 2008
Microbial activities in boreal soils : biodegradation of organic contaminants at low temperature and ammonia oxidation
Effects of dietary far oxidation products and flavonols on lipoprotein oxidation
Proceedings of the international symposium on Asian plants with unique horticultural potential : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Socio-economic impacts of bioenergy production
Pretreatment techniques for biofuels and biorefineries
The book on biodiesel : the "how to" guide for making your own biodiesel fuel - safely, with step-by-step instructions plus a great read on the subject, all here in Merv's biodiesel handbook
Bacterial community structure and petroleum hydrocarbon degradation in the Baltic Sea
Le pétrole et le gaz arctiques : problèmes et perspectives : le 5e Congrès international de la Fondation française d'études nordiques, Le Havre, 2-5 mai 1973 : rapports scientifiques = Arctic oil and gas : problems and possibilities. [1]
Development of a dimethyl ether (DME)-fueled shuttle bus
DNA markers in genetic analysis of rapeseed (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus
Bioremediation in marine oil spills
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Genetic Resources of Bamboos and Palms and 3rd International Sympos[i]um on Ornamental Palms : Campinas, Brazil, November 21-25, 2010
The environmental management of low-grade fuels
Development of retrofit DME diesel engine operating with rotary distributor fuel injection pump
Multiple indicators of human impacts on the environment in the Pechora Basin, north-eastern European Russia
From the fryer to the fuel tank : the complete guide to using vegetable oil as an alternative fuel
Life cycle assessment of climate impact of Fischer-Tropsch diesel based on peat and biomass
Measurements and modeling of physical properties for oil and biomaterial refining
Biofuels for transport : global potential and implications for sustainable energy and agriculture
The aims of this study were to determine the phytotoxicity of stored rapeseed (Brassica rapa) oil (RSO) and rapeseed oil methyl ester (RME) after "spill like" contamination on the growth of barley (Hordeum vulgare) and the biodegradability of these substances in OECD 301F test conditions and in ground water. Rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester were both stored for a period of time and their fuel characteristics (e.g. acid number) had changed from those set by the fuel standards and are considered to have an effect on its biodegradation. The phytotoxicity was tested using two different types of barley cultivars: "Saana" and "Vilde". The phytotoxic effect on the barley varieties was determined, after the growth season, by measuring the total biomass growth and the mass of 1000 kernels taken from the tests plots. Also visual inspection was used to determine what the effects on the barley growth were. These measurements suggest that both RSO and RME have a negative impact on barley sprouts and therefore the total growth of the barley. RSO and RME both decreased the total amount of harvested phytomass. The weight of 1000 kernels increased with low concentrations of these contaminants and high contamination levels reduced the mass of the kernels. The results of these experiments suggest that the stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester are both phytotoxic materials and therefore will cause substantial loss of vegetation in the case of a fuel spill. The RSO and RME biodegraded effectively in the measurement period of 28 days under OECD test conditions: the degree of biodegradation being over 60%. The biodegradation in the ground water was much slower: the degree of biodegradation being about 10% after 28 days.
Biodiesel : growing a new energy economy
Greenhouse gas emissions from peat and biomass-derived fuels, electricity and heat : estimation of various production chains by using LCA methodology
Optimized usage of NExBTL renewable diesel fuel : OPTIBIO
Abstract: Utilization of bioenergy and biomass conversion.
Biochemical effects of crude oil on the common mussel Mytilus edulis
Biodiesel from high FFA oils : production and utilization
The refinery of the future
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Lubricity additive from renewable resources for low lubricity diesel fuels
Wood-based biodiesel in Finland : market-mediated impacts on emissions and costs
Biorefinery co-products : phytochemicals, primary metabolites and value-added biomass processing
Vegetable oils and their derivatives as fuels for CI engines : an overview
Biofuels engineering process technology
Interactions between polyunsaturated fatty acids and probiotics
The windup girl
European energy crops overview : country report for Finland
Production of hydrocarbon-rich biofuels from extractives-derived materials
Biofuels and Bioenergy : processes and Technologies
Energy and exergy analyses of bioenergy crops and rapeseed oil methyl ester production
Abstracts of the 11th international rapeseed congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6.-10. July 2003 : Towards enhanced value of cruciferous oilseed crops by optimal production and use of the high quality seed components
