http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27539 border management
border management
Global surveillance and policing : borders, security, identity
A threat against Europe? : security, migration and integration
Europe's area of freedom, security, and justice
Migration, borders, freedom
Police and justice co-operation and the new European borders
Russia and the European Union : prospects for a new relationship
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
Managing borders in an increasingly borderless world
Biometrics for Border Security: an overview
Realizing border security culture in Finland (and Europe)
"This book explores and maps the relationship between borders, security and global governance. Theoretically, the book seeks to establish to what degree, and in what ways, traditional notions of borders, security and (global) governance are being eroded, undermined and contested in the context of a globalizing world. Borders are increasingly being re-conceptualized to account for connectivity as well as divisions at the same time as focus is shifting from permanence to permeability. The ambivalence ascribed to bordering processes is at heart a security concern; borders are not only entwined with state formation but also attempts at governing securities, identities and histories. Proceeding from a critical rendering of statist conceptualizations of borders, security and governance, the book not only emphasizes the politics of borders, mobility and re-locations, but also provides a shared groundwork for interrogating the spatial conditions for bordering and border work as manifestations of a continuously deferred becoming rather than being. A principal contribution of the volume is its scrutiny of how borders are enacted and perceived in and through the everyday, and of how such production and construal can make sense as acts of resistance to various forms of governing. Such a focus reveals the necessity of investigating how governing from a distance affects the possibilities and tendencies to securitize as well as desecuritize, within as well as beyond elite settings. This book will be of much interest to students of border studies, human geography, governmentality, global governance and IR/critical security studies"--
The Outside on the Inside : An Analysis of European Union and Finnish State Discourses on Borders, Security and Mobility
Advanced technologies for intelligent systems of national border security
The wall around the West : state borders and immigration controls in North America and Europe
EU enlargement, region building and shifting borders of inclusion and exclusion
Governing borders and security : the politics of connectivity and dispersal
Beyond walls : re-inventing the Canada-United States borderlands
The Ashgate research companion to border studies
Europe unbound : enlarging and reshaping the boundaries of the European Union
Between Western and Eastern Europe : political studies : past and the present
Routing borders between territories, discourses and practices
Digital borders and real rights : effective remedies for third-country nationals in the Schengen Information System
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
In search of hidden errors : aspects to safety and security in the Finnish Defence Forces at 2025.
National security and immigration : policy development in the United States and Western Europe since 1945
This book explores and maps the relationship between borders, security and global governance. Theoretically, the book seeks to establish to what degree, and in what ways, traditional notions of borders, security and (global) governance are being eroded, undermined and contested in the context of a globalising world. Borders are increasingly being re-conceptualised to account for connectivity as well as divisions at the same time as focus is shifting from permanence to permeability. The ambivalence ascribed to bordering processes is at heart a security concern; borders are not only entwined with state formation but are also attempts at governing securities, identities and histories. Proceeding from a critical rendering of statist conceptualisations of borders, security and governance, the book not only emphasises the politics of borders, mobility and re-locations, but also provides a shared groundwork for interrogating the spatial conditions for bordering and border work as manifestations of a continuously deferred becoming rather than being. A principal contribution of the volume is its scrutiny of how borders are enacted and perceived in and through the everyday, and of how such production and construal can make sense as acts of resistance to various forms of governing. Such a focus reveals the necessity of investigating how governing from afar affects the possibilities and tendencies to securitise as well as desecuritise, within as well as beyond elite settings.
Changing European security landscape
Controlling frontiers : free movement into and within Europe
Security and migration in the 21st century
Bombs and bandwidth : the emerging relationship between information technology and security
Cultures of border control : Schengen and the evolution of European frontiers
Siberia and the Russian Far East in the 21st century : partners in the "Community of Asia" : crossroads in Northeast Asia
Geopolitics of European Union enlargement : the fortress empire
Security and everyday life
MACICO : multi-agency cooperation in cross-border operations : samples of evidence series : volume 4
The making of Europe's critical infrastructure : common connections and shared vulnerabilities
External border management as an instrument of migration control
Are borders barriers? : EU enlargement and the Russian region of Kaliningrad
Reflecting the security border in the post-cold war context
The recent crises in global economy and in European integration have caused a considerable revival of interest in the Nordic Welfare Model. However, less attention has been given to the ways in which the nations that form Scandinavia or 'Norden' are connected through various forms of inter- and transnational cooperation. With contributions from a team of experts in the field, this volume analyses Nordic cooperation in a European perspective and argues that this special form of transnational cooperation has been crucial in the development of the Nordic Welfare Model. In addition, it also contends that the Nordic model of transnational cooperation is a relevant case study when pondering the present problems of European integration. This text will be of key interest to students, researchers and policy makers studying the Nordic Model and transnational cooperation and more generally to those interested in European studies, Scandinavian studies, welfare studies, international relations and regional integration.
African Migrants and Europe : Managing the ultimate frontier
The European Union and border conflicts : the power of integration and association
Multi-speed Europe? : differentiated integration in the external relations of the European Union
Discourses, boundaries and scales : Estonian territorial politics in the 'New' Europe
Chiefs, policing, and vigilants : "cleaning up" the Caprivi borderland
EU enlargement and the Baltic States : the incremental making of new members
China's policies on its borderlands and the international implications
The NEBI yearbook 1998 : North European and Baltic Sea integration
Relevant circumstances and maritime delimitation
China's frontier regions : ethnicity, economic integration and foreign relations
The NEBI yearbook : North European and Baltic Sea Integration
This article deals with the Finnish-Russian border in light of the European external border control policy and its impact on immigration. The 1985 Schengen agreement removed internal European border controls and external border protection became a major concern of the European Union (EU) and heads of states. The European discourse towards immigration changed during the last decade and patterns show tighter external borders. This research follows the Copenhagen school of security and scrutinises the Finnish external border approach under the aspect of immigration. It analyses the socio-economic importance of the Finnish-Russian border in comparison to the European trend that decreases the penetrability of external borders. The study results show that the Finnish policy approach focuses on regional development in order to achieve economic balance in the border regions. This approach is supposed to increase security by economic rather than by traditional border control strategies..
Border security in the Balkans : Europe's gatekeepers
Border games : policing the U.S.-Mexico divide
EU-Russian border security : challenges, (mis)perceptions, and responses
Summary.
African Migrants and Europe: managing the ultimate frontier engages the transformation of extraterritorial migration control in the post 9/11 era. It illustrates how border controls have become more diffuse and less clearly localizable in the face of increased human flows and exceptional policies and institutions that justify an array of violent practices. The book presents a critical analysis of the dispositif of the externalization of migration control: detention without trial, derogation of human rights law, torture, "extraordinary rendition" and the curtailment of civil liberties and the securitization of migration. After exploring the role of Gaddafi’s Libya in the last ten years as a gendarme of Europe, the book expands the concept of externalization of migration control beyond geospatial accounts, and looks at the political transformation of migration control within and away from the gateways of Europe. Moving through spaces of in/security, and times of panic, this work argues for a re-visioning of borders and frontiers in ways that can account for their dialectical nature, and for the dialectical nature of political life.
Security, risk and the biometric state : governing borders and bodies
Revisiting good fences and neighbours in a postmodern world after twenty years : theoretical reflections on the state of contemporary border studies
Securitizing the U.S.-Mexico border : applicability of the securitization theory to the discourses of the minuteman and the U.S. Federal Government
Climate change and migration : security and borders in a warming world
Post/humanitarian border politics between Mexico and the US : people, places, things
The Wider Europe matrix
Borderlands : comparing border security in North America and Europe
Discourses, boundaries and scales : Estonian territorial politics in the 'new' Europe
The contested politics of mobility : borderzones and irregularity
Immigration policy and security : U.S., European and common wealth perspectives
Transparency and proportionality in the Schengen information system and border control co-operation
The implications of Baltic states' EU membership
Northern borders and security : dimensions for regional cooperation and interdependence
Practise what you preach : the prospects for visa freedom in Russia-EU relations
The area of freedom, security and justice in the enlarged Europe
Cooperation between Public Protection and Disaster Relief actors across a border is a difficult task today, because the teams on both sides of the border cannot communicate with each other. One of the reasons is that their communication systems cannot be linked easily. Other challenges are related with heterogeneous operational procedures, heterogeneous services and the lack of trust between cooperating parties. The MACICO project presents a concept for interworking of security organizations in their daily activity that guarantees communications reliability, integrity and security.
Citizens and borderwork in contemporary Europe
Europe's border crisis : biopolitical security and beyond
New borders for a changing Europe : cross-border cooperation and governance
Strong borders, secure nation : cooperation and conflict in China's territorial disputes
Placing the border in everyday life
A drop of Chinese blood
Soft or hard borders? : managing the divide in an enlarged Europe
Discourse, boundaries and scale : constructing security in Northeast Estonian borderlands
Nordic cooperation : a European region in transition
