http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27562 organisational work
organisational work
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
PhD study on disability and international intervention in Central Asia
Who is who in Finnish youth work
Sustainable Community Development through Volunteer Tourism and the Role of NGOs in Nepal
Lonely writers: assessment of KEPA's information officer co-operation : case study of Thailand and Indonesia
Angels of mercy or development diplomats? : NGOs & foreign aid
Understanding nonprofit organizations : governance, leadership, and management
Collective wage bargaining and the impact of norms of fairness : an analysis based on the Norwegian experience
Green volunteers : the world guide to voluntary work in nature conservation
The purpose of this study was to compile a detail account of working environment for Russian social associations. This is important since the working environment in Russia is different when compared for example to Finland or the United States.For this qualitative research six interviews were conducted. Three interviews were conducted in Russia and three in Finland. Interviewees were association managers, country managers or researchers of this field. The basis for this research was an index developed by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). This index consists of seven points: Legal environment, Public image, Financial viability, Organization capacity, Advocacy, Service provision, Infrastructure.Russian social associations are under lot of pressure. In a complicated legal environment with weak financial situation and poor public image. Still, many Russian associations are able do very important work.
Labour relations in Finland
Keeping alive the symbol : a case study of the Israeli and Palestinian women of the Jerusalem Link
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
Nonprofit kit for dummies
Intra-EU labour migration since the eastward expansion of 2004 : a case study of the Europeanisation of Finnish labour market policy
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
The changing landscape of development cooperation in Finland following the development aid budget : environmental NGO partnerships, strategies and work
Engaging with the communities : NGOs in Northern Ghana's development drive
Corporate social performance : creating shared value with non-governmental organisations
From needs to competencies : a case study on the integration of a rights based approach into NGO practises
Sustainability evaluation of Indian Eco-Village Development -Project
Change management in voluntary organisation : program reform in Finnish scout movement
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
The Finnish service sector trade union Palvelualojen ammattiliitto or Service Union United has the largest amount of migrant members of all Finnish trade unions. It walks the narrow line between defending the perceived interests of its members from the 'threat' of labour immigration, and simultaneously trying to act as an immigrantfriendly force. This qualitative case study analyses the outcomes of the union's strategies in questions related to immigration. The outcomes affect different immigrant groups in a different manner. Furthermore, the established quasi-state character of the Finnish trade union movement affects both the strengths and weaknesses of its strategies. The politicized anti-immigration views in the Finnish society indirectly to some degree impact trade union strategies. Results suggest that the lay distinction between 'us' and 'them' based on nationality still shapes trade union strategy in a way that can be labeled selective solidarity.
Towards an authentic North-South NGO Partnership : a case study of the cooperation between Emmaus Helsinki and Yayasan Penghibur
INternational and OUTstanding : a short book about international affairs at Humak University of Applied Sciences in degree programme in civic activities and youth work
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Change Management in Voluntary Organisation : Program reform in Finnish scout movement
Interplay and collaboration among private and public welfare organisations
Beyond the nation-state : functionalism and international organization
Strategy process in practice in Teva and Kemia merger
A development co-operation manual for non-governmental organisations. Part 2, Guidelines for project planning
Non-governmental organisations - performance and accountability : beyond the magic bullet
Volunteer : a traveller's guide to making a difference around the world
NGOs capacity in development management : experience from Bangladesh
European trade unions in figures
Managing voluntary and non-profit organizations : strategy and structure
The change imperative : creating the next generation NGO
Abstract (s. 5-6). Summary (s. 21-27).
Evaluation of the Available Means of Support for Integration of 2nd Generation Immigrants : Pasila Community Center
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Fighting poverty
'The site strikes back' : multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
The concept of child labour of the International Labour Organisation
A liberal corporatist sub-system in action : the incomes policy system in Finland
Corruption and managing the project cycle : the role of corrupt practices in NGO funding in Pakistan
Managing in the voluntary sector : a handbook for managers in charitable and non-profit organizations
Evaluation : Finnish NGO foundations
NGOs, states and donors : too close for comfort?
Collaboration between non-governmental organizations and educational leaders in capacity development in rural South Africa
The Swedish model : labour market institutions and contracts
Learning NGOs and the dynamics of development partnership
There is power in a union : the epic story of labor in America
Empowering tribal women in India : the anti-po(w)erty machine?
Protection from exposure to second-hand tobacco smoke : policy recommendations
Abstract: The aim of this study was to map issues related to change management and voluntary work. The study was undertaken to understand what factors affect successful change management especially in voluntary organizations. A further aim was to study how program reform Ohjelmauudistus 2010 in Guides and Scouts of Finland was managed. A critical review of existing literature and research in the fields of change management and volunteering was conducted. An online survey to active members of the association aimed to clarify the thoughts of the members about the program reform. The results of the survey were compared to the closing report of the project to see whether the perceptions about the success of the project were consistent among the members and the working group. According to the results of the research, the opinions of the members and the working group seem to be congruent. Areas that were identified in the closing report to be successful were the same that the members were satisfied with. The only exception here is the satisfaction with communication. However, there are considerable geographical differences in the attitudes.
Motivations Behind Prosocial Behaviour : Why Plan Finland's long-term volunteers participate in the work and how they communicate about it to others.
Employers associations and industrial relations : a comparative study
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
Working in partnerships : an ethnographic study on volunteers' narratives of establishing, managing and ending partnerships between Finnish and Indian NGOs
The international labour code 1951 : a systematic arrangement of the conventions and recommendations adopted by the International Labour Conference, 1919-1951. Vol. 1, Code
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
The role of non-governmental organisations in the improvement of livelihood in Nepal
Finnish civil society now : its operating environment, state and status
Starting from the heart
Legislating for conflict
The church : a eucharistic community : the report of the twelfth General Assembly of Syndesmos August 17-24, 1986
Transnational responsibilities and multi-sited strategies : voluntary associations of Somali diaspora in Finland
The role of a non-governmental organization in the improvement of employment in Finland : a case study of Jyväskylän Katulähetys ry in the city of Jyväskylä
Decommodifying volunteer tourism? : insights from nordic non-governmental organizations
Good governance : developing effective board : management relations in public and voluntary organisations
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
Lifelong learning travels : single actors' perception and talk of lifelong learning in a specific organizational context
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Compassion and calculation : the business of private foreign aid
Facts about European NGOs active in international development
Split corporatism in Israel
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Whether they like it or not, relief and development NGOs are in the midst of a revolution. Faced with the challenge of managing their growing influence in international politics, these organizations are making operational decisions that will determine their survival. Those that find themselves hampered by the increased politicization of aid and demands on their accountability; those that struggle to define their work in a world that has only recently begun to recognize their authority, will fail to meet their goals. Those that are committed to flexibility, learning new technologies and rethinking their strategies and structure will see their organizations succeed. Author Paul Ronalds brings his experience as Deputy CEO of World Vision Australia to other NGO managers in "The Change Imperative", guiding them through the challenges they must overcome to maintain effectiveness in the 21st century. He covers the practical issues leaders are facing in areas such as advocacy, fundraising, technology, financing and human resources, but also the more ambiguous issues: legitimacy, state sovereignty, and political analysis. Ronald's book is a must-have for both students and managers pursuing influential careers in charitable, development and aid organizations.
Industrial relations : a textbook
Trade Union Responses to Labour Immigrants: Selective Solidarity
An overview of the working environment of the Russian social association
Understanding voluntary organizations
Four studies on voluntary organizations in Finland
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Philanthropy in Russia : public attitudes and participation
A development co-operation manual for non-governmental organisations. Part 1, Principles and guidelines for project support
