http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27554 sentimental value
sentimental value
Abstract.
Funky business : talent makes capital dance
Guilt trip : from fear to guilt on the green bandwagon
Defining and selecting key competencies
Happiness : lessons from a new science
The ethics of memory
Reasons from within : desires and values
The dream society : how the coming shift from information to imagination will transform your business
Organizational behavior
Experience economy : a new perspective
The origin and development of the moral ideas : in two volumes. Vol. 1
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
The sources of moral motivation : studies on empathy, guilt, shame and values
"Hired by the world's leading brands to find out what makes their customers tick, Martin Lindstrom spends 300 nights a year overseas, closely observing people in their homes. His goal: to uncover their hidden desires and turn them into breakthrough products for the world's leading brands. In a world besotted by the power of Big Data, he works like a modern-day Sherlock Holmes, accumulating small clues to help solve a stunningly diverse array of challenges. In Switzerland, a stuffed teddy bear in a teenage girl's bedroom helped revolutionize 1,000 stores, spread across twenty countries, for one of Europe's largest fashion retailers. In Dubai, a bracelet strung with pearls helped Jenny Craig offset its declining membership in the United States and increase loyalty by 159 percent in only a year. And in China, the look of a car dashboard led to the design of the Roomba vacuum - a great American success story. How? Lindstrom connects the dots in this globetrotting narrative that will fascinate not only marketers and brand managers, but anyone interested in the infinite variations of human behavior. The Desire Hunter combines armchair travel with forensic psychology into an interlocking series of international clue-gathering detective stories. It presents a rare behind-the-scenes look at what it takes to create global brands; and along the way, reveals surprising and counter-intuitive truths about what connects us all as humans"--
Saving the modern soul : therapy, emotions, and the culture of self-help
Instrument development in the affective domain
Moral intelligence : enhancing business performance and leadership success
Sensitive objects : affect and material culture
Components of morality : a professional ethics perspective on moral motivation, moral sensitivity, moral reasoning and related constructs among university students
Tahitians : mind and experience in the Society Islands
"Do the reasons we have for acting as we do derive from our concerns and desires, or are there objective values in the world that we are rationally required to pursue and protect? Alan Goldman argues for the internalist or subjectivist view of practical reasons on the grounds that it is simpler, more unified, and more comprehensible than the rival objectivist position. He provides a naturalistic account of practical rationality in terms of coherence within sets of desires or motivational states, and between motivations, intentions, and actions." "Coherence is defined as the avoidance of self-defeat, the defeat of one's own deepest concerns. The demand for coherence underlies both practical and theoretical reason and derives from the natural aims of belief and action. In clarifying which desires create reasons, drawing on the literature of cognitive psychology, Goldman offers conceptual analyses of desires, emotions, and attitudes. Reasons are seen to derive ultimately from our deepest occurrent concerns. These concerns require no reasons themselves but provide reasons for many more superficial desires." "In defense of this theory, Goldman argues that rational agents need not be morally motivated or concerned for their narrow self-interest. Objective values would demand such concern. They would be independent of our desires but would provide reasons for us to pursue and protect them. They would require rational agents to be motivated by them. But, Goldman argues, we are not motivated in that way, and it makes no sense to demand that our informed and coherent desires be generally other than they are. We need not appeal to such objective values in order to explain how our lives can be good and meaningful."--BOOK JACKET.
Leading with Wisdom : spiritual-based leadership in business
Beyond human nature : how culture and experience shape our lives
Human nature explored
The ethics of rendezvous : morality, virtues and love
Uncovering the unconscious dimensions of planning : using culture as a tool to analyse spatial planning practices
Making enemies : humiliation and international conflict
Myth and mentality : studies in folklore and popular thought
Engineering emotion : values as means in product development
Women and jewelry : a social approach to wearing and possessing jewelry
The effect of (negative) emotion on pro-environmental behavior : an application of the theory of planned behavior
Empathy and moral development : implications for caring and justice
The leadership skills handbook : 50 key skills from 1000 real leaders
Funky business forever : how to enjoy capitalism
Humiliation : claims and context
Pleasure with products : beyond usability
Beasts : what animals can teach us about the origins of good and evil
Individuals, groups, and organizations beneath the surface : an introduction
True to our feelings : what our emotions are really telling us
Bulletproof your job : 4 simple strategies to ride out the rough times and come out on top at work
On feeling, knowing, and valuing : selected writings
The heresy of self-love : a study of subversive individualism
Mental models of attachment as a part kindergarten student teachers' practical knowledge about caregiving
Small data : the tiny clues that uncover huge trends
The culture code : an ingenious way to understand why people around the world buy and live as they do
Valuing emotions
The importance of purpose for positive youth development
Oxford studies in agency and responsibility. Volume 1
Emotional truth
Culture matters : the leader-follower relationship in the Chinese organizational context
Human value structure and emotions
The science of compassionate love : theory, research, and applications
Instrument development in the affective domain : measuring attitudes and values in corporate and school settings
Introduction to work psychology
A right to die? : The Dax Cowart case
The culture of women's housework : a case study of Bihar, India
Engaging education : developing emotional literacy, equity and co-education
Vindicating the hearts and minds of women : reason and sensibility in The wrongs of woman, or Maria by Mary Wollstonecraft
The origin and development of the moral ideas
Organizational behaviour
Emotion and value
The psychology of investing
The ability of adolescent girls to exert control over sexually-charged situations : a narrative study for the promotion of sexual health
Investor sentiment and stock market behavior : empirical tests on the Finnish stock market
Freud's theory of culture : eros, loss, and politics
Mentored to feel free : exploring family business next generation members' experiences of non-family mentoring
The role of emotions in value creation for families in pediatric health care
Intelligent self-leadership : perspectives on personal growth
Caring : a feminine approach to ethics & moral education
Tensions in the relationships : exploring Japanese beginning teachers' stories
The ethic of care and its development
Contributed articles presented at a seminar.
English summary: Inner narrative, life, and change.
Consumer behavior and culture : consequences for global marketing  and advertising
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Living with Nietzsche : what the great "immoralist" has to teach us
Character strengths and virtues : a handbook and classification
