http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27564 personal finance
personal finance
The Spending and Saving Behavior of the Finnish Population and its Impact on the Finnish Economy
"Why aren't I as wealthy as I should be?" Many people ask this question of themselves all the time. Often they are hard-working, well educated middle- to high-income people. Why, then, are so few affluent. For nearly two decades the answer has been found in the bestselling The Millionaire Next Door: The Surprising Secrets of America's Wealthy, reissued with a new foreword for the twenty-first century. According to the authors, most people have it all wrong about how you become wealthy in America. Wealth in America is more often the result of hard work, diligent savings, and living below your means than it is about inheritance, advance degrees, and even intelligence. The Millionaire Next Door identifies seven common traits that show up again and again among those who have accumulated wealth. You will learn, for example, that millionaires bargain shop for used cars, pay a tiny fraction of their wealth in income tax, raise children who are often unaware of their family's wealth until they are adults, and, above all, reject the big-spending lifestyles most of us associate with rich people. In fact, you will learn that the flashy millionaires glamorized in the media represent only a tiny minority of America's rich. Most of the truly wealthy in this country don't live in Beverly Hills or on Park Avenue-they live next door.
Essays on behavioral responses to income taxes
The opposite of spoiled : raising kids who are grounded, generous, and smart about money
Michelle McGagh has been writing about money for over a decade. You'd think that would make her a whizz with her own cash, right? Wrong! Spending with abandon and ignoring bank statements were her modus operandi. Just because she wasn't in serious debt, apart from her massive London mortgage, she thought she was in control. She wasn't. Then Michelle discovered minimalism and sold 80% of her belongings. This was the first step to reining in her finances, and the second was to apply minimalism to her spending habits with a year-long spending ban. The aim: to pay off a huge chunk of her mortgage. She pays her bills and she has a minimal budget for her weekly groceries and household essentials but otherwise Michelle doesn't spend any money at all. She is finding creative ways to get the things she needs, to travel and to still be able to enjoy her time. Not only has she saved money but she is happier: no longer feeling the desire to buy things all the time or feeling the pressure of being sold. Her relationship with money, with things, with time, with others has changed for the better. This book is perfect for people who are by no means badly off but who often find themselves desperately waiting for pay day and wondering how on earth they frittered away their salary, who spend over GBP650 a year on their daily latte, who pop into Tesco Extra for a pint of milk and come out with GBP20 of random shopping, who never read their bank statements and who would like to learn how to set themselves up for a better life, buy their own home or prepare for their children's future or retirement. The No Spend Year is honestly written and talks about money in an approachable and entertaining way. Interspersed throughout are really brilliant personal finance tips and life hacks about interest, mortgages, savings, spending less to help you live a more financially secure life too.
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
No more champagne : Churchill and his money
Real world personal finance
The no spend year : how I spent less and lived more
Why didn't they teach me this in school? : 99 personal money management principles to live by
The Everything investing in your 20s and 30s book : learn how to manage your money and start investing for your future - now!
Orchids on your budget, or, live smartly on what you have
Six myths about migrant remittances and the global economic crisis
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
There was fear that the global economic crisis would interrupt the flow of remittances to developing countries, force migrants to return to their sending households and endanger the economic health of sending nations. However, anxiety over the collapse of remittances was largely unfounded. While there was a small decline in remittance flows globally in 2009, in general, they did not fall as far or as quickly as other forms of assistance and they have begun to recover. In this paper we examine a series of myths that colour the remittance debate. Debunking the myths that surround remittances allows us to show the complex role remittances play for migrants, their sending households and communities as developing nations cope with the global economic crisis..
Mrs Moneypenny's financial advice for independent women
Rich bitch : a simple 12-step plan for getting your financial life together...finally
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
All about money
Stop acting rich : ...and start living like a real millionaire
Who receives parental help? : parental financial support and practical help for adult children from the perspectives of givers and receivers
Practical prosperity magick : crafting success & abundance
Personal finance in your 20s for dummies
The one-page financial plan : a simple way to be smart about your money
This third edition of the leading textbook on personalisation considers key policy changes since 2009 and new research into the extension and outcomes of personal budgets. It is essential reading for students, practitioners and policy makers in social work and community care services.
The 100-year life
Essays on the effects of childhood experiences on household decision making
When it comes to protecting your financial future, starting sooner rather than later is the smartest thing you can do. This hands-on guide provides you with the targeted financial advice you need to establish firm financial footing in your 20s and to secure your finances for years to come.
The millionaire next door : the suprising secrets of American wealthy
Direct payments and personal budgets : putting personalisation into practice
Billions to bust - and back : how I made. lost and rebuilt a fortune, and what I learned on the way
