http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27538 reimbursements for medicine expenses
reimbursements for medicine expenses
Addiction
Long-term results and treatment injuries in pediatric tibial and femoral fractures
Cognitive function in opioid substitution treated patients : associations with drug treatment variables
Medical innovation and bad outcomes : legal, social and ethical responses
A randomised trial comparing two doses of the new selective aromatase inhibitor anastrozole (Arimidex)* with megestrol acetate in postmenopausal patients with advanced breast cancer
HIV and AIDS : testing, screening and confidentiality
Buprenorphine : features of abuse and methods for improving unobserved dosing in opioid substitution treatment
Suomen lääketilasto 2010 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2010
Abstract. - Abstract in Finnish.
Suomen lääketilasto. 2008 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Reviewing current practice in drug-substitution treatment in the European Union
Suomen lääketilasto 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2007
Suomen lääketilasto 2009 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2009.
The use of antipsychotics and the national social insurance reimbursements in Finland 1995-2001
Suomen lääketilasto 2009 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2009
Causation and risk in the law of torts : scientific evidence and medicinal product liability
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Low-grade inflammation in depression, anxiety and sleep disturbances
Pharmacy use and costs in employer-provided health plans : insights for TRICARE benefit design from the private sector
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2013
Summary: Financing of pharmaceuticals by municipal social security - reimbursement models, costs and functioning.
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2012
Outcomes of the deregulation of nicotine replacement therapy products : a review on reported evidence in Finland and other countries
Suomen lääketilasto. 2009 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Juvenile idiopathic arthritis : studies on associated autoimmune diseases ad drug therapy
Suomen lääketilasto. 2010 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Suomen lääketilasto. 2004 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Improving maintenance treatment of opiate addiction : clinical aspects
Examining time trends in medical practices using register-based data : a study on changing coronary heart disease care among persons with diabetes
Studies on filed and compensated claims for patient injuries
Summary: The medicines-related injuries insurance in Finland.
Medical research on humans : legal and ethical aspects on encroaching physical integrity in medical research.
Amyloidosis associated with inflammatory rheumatic diseases in Finland : declining incidence and better outcome
English summary: Medical research on humans : legal and ethical aspects on encroaching physical integrity in medical research.
The litigators
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2015
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2014
Suomen lääketilasto. 2010 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Towards powerful old age : association between hormone replacement therapy and skeletal muscle
Genetic and environmental contributions to bone structural strength in postmenopausal women
An injury covered by pharmaceutical insurance
Pricing of non-generic pharmaceutical in EU market area
Auditory information processing in methadone maintenance patients revealed by simultaneous EEG and MEG
Abstract.
Suomen lääketilasto. 2011 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Implementation of substitution treatment in Finland : beyond rationalisation and medicalisation
Renal replacement therapy in the critically ill
Suomen lääketilasto. 2006 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
The application of enzyme replacement therapy in vitro and in a mouse model in aspartylglycosaminuria
Survival of patients with type 1 diabetes on renal replacement therapy
Catalytic and therapeutic characteristics of human recombinant glycosylasparaginase and bacterial L-asparaginases
Outcomes of the deregulation of nicotine replacement therapy products: A review on reported evidence in Finland and other countries
Abuse and fatal poisonings involving prescription opioids : revelations from postmortem toxicology
Abstract: Power and production of meanings in substitution treatment of opioid users.
Deregulation of nicotine replacement therapy products in Finland : reasons for pharmaceutical policy changes and reflections on smoking cessation practices
Liability for and insurability of biomedical research with human subjects in a comparative perspective
International medical malpractice law : a comparative study of civil liability arising from medical care
Suomen lääketilasto. 2005 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Abstract in English.
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines 2012.
My observation of an adverse drug reaction : tibolone and carpal tunnel syndrome
The king of torts
Shifting focus in substitution treatment in the Nordic countries
