http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27510 drama series
drama series
House M. D. Season four
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 3. tuotantokausi, Seriously extended
American horror story. 1. tuotantokausi.
Orange is the new black. Season 2.
Pretty little liars. Season 1.
Damages. The complete first season
Looking. The complete first season
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 5. tuotantokausi, More moments
The iron daughter
Orange is the new black. Ensimmäinen tuotantokausi
American horror story. The complete fifth season. Hotel
Las Vegas. Season three : uncut & uncensored
The iron king
Perhesiteet = Brothers and sisters. 4. tuotantokausi
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 7. tuotantokausi, More heartbeats
Pretty little liars. Season 4.
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 4. tuotantokausi, Expanded
Pretty little liars. The complete sixth season
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 3
Sons of anarchy. 3. tuotantokausi
Perhesiteet = Brothers and sisters. 3. tuotantokausi
Damages. The complete second season
The fury
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 6. tuotantokausi, More is better
Pretty little liars. Season 5.
Sons of anarchy. 4. tuotantokausi
Spies of Warsaw
Damages. The complete third season
Las Vegas : uncut & uncensored. Season three
Perhesiteet = Brothers and sisters. 5. tuotantokausi
Fargo. the complete first season
Pretty little liars. Season 3.
Breaking bad. The fifth season
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 2. tuotantokausi
Las Vegas. Season two : uncut & uncensored
Titanic : blood & steel
Billions : season one
The world of Mr Selfridge : the glamour and romance
Las Vegas. Season five
Queer as folk : the complete series
American TV detective dramas : serial investigations
American horror story. The complete fourth season, Freak show
Breaking bad. The complete first season
Totuuden anatomia = Body of proof. 2. tuotantokausi
Breaking bad. The complete second season
The red road. Kausi 1 : Lines will be crossed
"When you have a very famous father, like mine, everyone thinks they know him. My Dad, Larry Hagman, portrayed the storied, ruthless oilman JR on the TV series Dallas. He was the man everyone loved to hate, but he had a personal reputation of being a nice guy who fully subscribed to his motto: Have Fun, Don't Worry, Be Happy. Dad had a famous parent too, Mary Martin, known from many roles on Broadway, most memorably as Peter Pan. Off-stage she was a kind, elegant woman, who maintained the down home charm of her Texas roots. Both were performers to the core of their beings, masters at crafting their public images. They were beloved. And their relationship was complex and often fraught. My father never apologized for anything, even when he was wrong. But in the hours before he died, when I was alone with him in his hospital room, he begged for forgiveness. In his delirium he could not tell me what troubled him but somehow I found the words to comfort him. After he died I was compelled to learn why he felt the need to be forgiven. As I solved the troubling mystery of why my happy-go-lucky, pot-smoking, LSD-taking Dad had spent his last breaths begging to be forgiven, I also came to know my father and grandmother better than I had known them in life"--
Perhesiteet = Brothers and sisters. 2. tuotantokausi
Perhesiteet = Brothers and sisters. 1. tuotantokausi
The Tudors. The complete first season
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 4
Damages. The final season
The Sopranos : born under a bad sign
Las Vegas. Season four
Reign. the complete first season
Breaking bad. The complete fourth season
The making of Outlander the series : the official guide to seasons one & two
The Musketeers. The complete season 1
Black sails. The complete second season
Greyn anatomia = Grey's anatomy. 8. tuotantokausi, Extraordinary moments
Breaking bad. The final season
Las Vegas. uncut & uncensored. Season two
The eternal party : understanding my dad, Larry Hagman, the TV star America loved to hate
The escape artist
Breaking bad. The complete third season
Smash. Season one
Wayward Pines / Season 1.
Damages. The complete fourth season
Wentworth
