http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27571 film research
film research
David Shire's The conversation : a film score guide
Cinema by other means
We'll meet again : musical design in the films of Stanley Kubrick
Fairy tale and film : old tales with a new spin
Rising sun, divided land : Japanese and South Korean filmmakers
World cinemas, transnational perspectives
Doing film studies : a subject guide for students
Cinema, memory, modernity : the representation of memory from the art film to transnational cinema
Urban symphonies : creating, performing and writing the space in cinema, visual arts and literature
Bollywood's India : Hindi cinema as a guide to contemporary India
"This volume explores this state of things by examining criticism of 18 films, juxtaposing them with cognitive-based films to reveal the flaws in the psychoanalytical concepts. By introducing the idea of narrative stimulation to film studies, this work argues for a different method of film critique, encouraging further research into this nascent field"--Provided by publisher.
The art of watching films - a guide to film analysis
Contemporary Russian cinema : symbols of a new era
Film & the dream screen : a sleep and a forgetting
Sex, politics and religion in Star Wars : an anthology
Film theory for beginners
Misreading postmodern Antigone : Marco Bellocchio's Devil in the flesh (Diavolo in corpo)
South Asian transnationalisms : cultural exchange in the twentieth century
Images of time, thought and emotions : narration and the spectator's experience in Krzysztof Kieślowski's late fiction films
English summary: Character names taking shape : Word formation, structure and meaning relationships of Finnish-language personal names in full-length, animated Disney feature films.
How a film theory got lost and other mysteries in cultural studies
Home is where the heart is : studies in melodrama and the woman's film
From empire to the world : migrant London and Paris in the cinema
The altering eye : contemporary international cinema
Thinking in images : film theory, feminist philosophy and Marlene Dietrich
Films and feelings
Kamome Diner : cultural translation and the dialectics of otherness
Investigates London and Paris as 'migrant cities' in contemporary British and French cinema. The study of globalisation in cinema assumes many guises, from the exploration of global cinematic cities to the burgeoning 'world cinema turn' within film studies, which addresses the global nature of film production, exhibition and distribution. In this ambitious new study, Malini Guha draws together these two distinctly different ways of thinking about the cinema, interrogating representations of global London and Paris as migrant cinematic cities, featuring the arrival, settlement and departure of migrant figures from the decline of imperial rule to the global present. Drawing on a range of case studies from contemporary cinema, including the films of Michael Haneke, Claire Denis, Horace Ove and Stephen Frears, Guha also considers their world cinema status in light of their reconfiguration of established forms of filmmaking, from modernism to social realism. Features an illuminating analysis of London and Paris in world cinema from the vantage point of migrant mobilities, From Empire to the World explores the ramifications of this historical shift towards the global, one that pertains in equal measure to cityscapes, their representation as world cinema texts, and to the rise of 'world cinema' discourse within film studies itself. Develops innovative conceptual tools for understanding and analysing the depiction of space in the cinema; draws insights from the field of cultural geography in order to produce an interdisciplinary study of migration as featured in film and Offers new ways of thinking about cities in the cinema while also revisiting older images and tropes associated with the urban experience.
This book addresses the core concepts and arguments created or used by academics, critical film theorists, and filmmakers, including the work of Dudley Andrew, Raymond Bellour, Mary Ann Doane, Miriam Hansen, bell hooks, Siegfried Kracauer, Raul Ruiz, P. Adams Sitney, Bernard Stiegler, and Pier Paolo Pasolini. This volume takes the position that film theory is a form of writing that produces a unique cinematic grammar; and like all grammars, it forms part of the system of rules that govern a language, and is thus applicable to wider range of media forms. In their creation of authorial trends, identification of the technology of cinema as a creative force, and production of films as aesthetic markers, film theories contribute an epistemological resource that connects the technologies of filmmaking and film composition. This book explores these connections through film theorisations of processes of the diagrammatisation (the systems, methodologies, concepts, histories) of cinematic matters of the filmic world.
Known for their violence and prolific profanity, including free use of the n-word, the films of Quentin Tarantino, like the director himself, chronically blurt out in polite company what is extremely problematic even when deliberated in private. Consequently, there is an uncomfortable and often awkward frankness associated with virtually all of Tarantino's films, particularly when it comes to race and blackness. Yet beyond the debate over whether Tarantino is or is not racist is the fact that his films effectively articulate racial anxieties circulating in American society as they engage longstanding racial discourses and hint at emerging trends. This radical racial politics--always present in Tarantino's films but kept very much on the quiet--is the subject of "Race on the QT." Adilifu Nama concisely deconstructs and reassembles the racial dynamics woven into "Reservoir Dogs," "True Romance," "Pulp Fiction," "Jackie Brown," "Kill Bill: Vol. 1," "Kill Bill: Vol. 2," "Death Proof," "Inglourious Basterds," and "Django Unchained," as they relate to historical and current racial issues in America. Nama's eclectic fusion of cultural criticism and film analysis looks beyond the director's personal racial attitudes and focuses on what Tarantino's filmic body of work has said and is saying about race in America symbolically, metaphorically, literally, impolitely, cynically, sarcastically, crudely, controversially, and brilliantly.
Feeling film : affect and authenticity in popular cinema
Body, soul and cyberspace in contemporary science fiction cinema : virtual worlds and ethical problems
Freudian fadeout : the failings of psychoanalysis in film criticism
Dark energy : Hitchcock's absolute camera and the physics of cinematic spacetime
Film studies : an introduction
Quantitative surveys vs. behavioural analysis studying audiences case : Espoo Ciné International Film Festival 2010
The film experience : an introduction
New challenges for documentary
Star wars
Writing on the edge : paratexts in narrative cinema
Teen film : a critical introduction
Masculinity and film performance : male angst in contemporary American cinema
A short history of the movies
The body as a notebook : tattoos as a means of detection in Memento
"Body, Soul and Cyberspace explores how recent science-fiction cinema addresses questions about the connections between body and soul, virtuality, and the ways in which we engage with spirituality in the digital age. The book investigates notions of love, life and death, taking an interdisciplinary approach by combining cinematic themes with religious, philosophical and ethical ideas. Magerstädt argues how even the most spectacle-driven mainstream films such as Avatar, The Matrix and Terminator can raise interesting and important questions about the human self and our interaction with the world. Apart from these well-known science fiction epics, her analysis also draws on recent works, such as Inception, The Thirteenth Floor, eXistenZ, Aeon Flux, Total Recall (2012), Transcendence and TRON: Legacy. These films stimulate an engaging discussion on what makes us human, the role memory plays in understanding ourselves, and how virtual realities challenge the moral concepts that govern human relationships"--
"Slow Movies investigates movies by acclaimed directors who over the past three decades have challenged mainstream cinema's reliance on motion and action."--P. [4] of cover.
Suspended time : an analysis of Bazin's notion of objectivity of the film image
Roland Barthes' cinema
Film : the front line 1983
Silent cinema : an introduction
"In Read My Desire, Joan Copjec stages a confrontation between the theories of Jacques Lacan and Michel Foucault, protagonists of two powerful modern discourses--psychoanalysis and historicism. Ordinarily, these discourses only cross paths long enough for historicists to charge psychoanalysis with an indifference to history, but here psychoanalysis, via Lacan, goes on the offensive. Refusing to cede historicity to the historicists, Copjec makes a case for the superiority of Lacan's explanation of historical processes and generative principles. Her goal is to inspire a new kind of cultural critique, one that is 'literate in desire', and capable of interpreting what is unsaid in the manifold operations of culture"--Page 4 of cover.
Fantastic voyages of the cinematic imagination : Georges Méliès's Trip to the moon
Cinema and Agamben : ethics, biopolitics and the moving image
Reading Rocky Horror : the Rocky Horror picture show and popular culture
The history of the British film 1896-1906
The hanging figure : on suspense and the films of Alfred Hitchcock
The dark page : books that inspired American film noir, (1940-1949)
Deleuze, altered states and film
Accents in film : text-internal characterization and narrative function linked to text-external language ideologies and attitudes
The forms of the affects
Film landscapes : cinema, environment and visual culture
Cineliteracy film among the arts
Experimental cinema : a fifty year evolution
Beyond formula : American film genres
Who's who in research : film studies
Moving images : psychoanalytic reflections on film
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 08/2014 : metals and mercury in waters
Historical film : a critical introduction
Queer Sinophone cultures
Lethal repetition : serial killing in European cinema
The making of Citizen Kane
British crime film : subverting the social order
Drive in cinema : essays on film, theory and politics
George Cukor : a critical study and filmography
The Hitchcock romance : love and irony in Hitchcock's films
Sensitivity in indigenous identity research
Slow movies : countering the cinema of action
Film & making other history : counterhegemonic narratives for a cinema of the subaltern
Film analysis : a casebook
The promise of cinema : German film theory, 1907-1933
Essays in Criticism
Cinematic savior : Hollywood's making of the American Christ
The functions of non-standard English in literature and film : a case study on Roddy Doyle's The commitments
Wag the dog : a study on film and reality in the digital age
Cinema as weather : stylistic screens and atmospheric change
Teaching film
Private Eye : Detectives in the Movies
The contemporary cinema
Twilight and history
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
The World Hobbit Project at Cardiff University, UK
Film : a critical introduction
Documenting world politics : a critical companion to IR and non-fiction film
Reading films through political classics : genres of politics in popular cultures
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
The new Chinese documentary film movement : for the public record
Men, women, and chain saws : gender in the modern horror film
Film theory : creating a cinematic grammar
English summary: A look into media phenomenology. Conceptualizing media utilizing Martin Heidegger's existential phenomenology.
A comprehensive history of how the conflicts and balances of power in the Maoist revolutionary campaigns from 1951 to 1979 complicated and diversified the meanings of films, this book offers a discursive study of the development of early PRC cinema. Wang closely investigates how film artists, Communist Party authorities, cultural bureaucrats, critics, and audiences negotiated, competed, and struggled with each other for the power to decide how to use films and how their extensively different, agonistic, and antagonistic power strategies created an ever-changing discursive network of meaning in cinema.
Video Theory : Online Video Aesthetics or the Afterlife of Video
Visions of virtue in popular film
Cinema and Agamben brings together a group of established scholars of film and visual culture to explore the nexus between the moving image and the influential work of Italian philosopher Giorgio Agamben. Including two original texts by Agamben himself, published here for the first time in English translation, these essays facilitate a unique multidisciplinary conversation that fundamentally rethinks the theory and praxis of cinema. In their resourceful analyses of the work of artists such as David Claerbout, Jean-Luc Godard, Philippe Grandrieux, Michael Haneke, Jean Rouch, and others, the authors put to use a range of key concepts from Agamben's rich body of work, like biopolitics, de-creation, gesture, potentiality and profanation. Sustaining the eminently interdisciplinary scope of Agamben's writing, the essays all bespeak the importance of Agamben's thought for forging new beginnings in film theory and for remedying the elegiac proclamations of the death of cinema so characteristic of the current moment.
Revolutionary cycles in Chinese cinema, 1951-1979
National cinemas and world cinema
Gothic liminality in A. J. Annala's film Sauna
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
Shaping Indian diaspora : literary representations and Bollywood consumption away from the Desi
Badass bitches, damsels in distress, or something in between? : representation of female characters in superhero action films
Theory of film practice
Sound kinks : sadomasochistic erotica in audiovisual music performances
The Third Reich's celluloid war : propaganda in nazi feature films, documentaries and television
German cinema - terror and trauma : cultural memory since 1945
How to watch a movie
The Sinophone framework emphasises the diversity of Chinese-speaking communities and cultures, and seeks to move beyond a binary model of China and the West. Indeed, this strikingly resembles attempts within the queer studies movement to challenge the dimorphisms of sex and gender. Bringing together two areas of study that tend to be marginalised within their home disciplines Queer Sinophone Cultures innovatively advances both Sinophone studies and queer studies. It not only examines film and literature from Mainland China but expands its scope to encompass the underrepresented 'Sinophone' world at large (in this case Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore, and beyond). Further, where queer studies in the U.S., Europe, and Australia often ignore non-Western cultural phenomena, this book focuses squarely on Sinophone queerness, providing fresh critical analyses of a range of topics from works by the famous director Tsai Ming-Liang to the history of same-sex soft-core pornography made by the renowned Shaw Brothers Studios. By instigating a dialogue between Sinophone studies and queer studies, this book will have broad appeal to students and scholars of modern and contemporary China studies, particularly to those interested in film, literature, media, and performance. It will also be of great interest to those interested in queer studies more broadly. --Publisher's description.
Read my desire : Lacan against the historicists
The total film-maker
Semiotics and the analysis of film
The Italian cinema book
Critical cinema : beyond the theory of practice
Animal horror cinema : genre, history and criticism
The standard analytical category of "national cinema" has increasingly been called into question by the category of the "transnational." This anthology examines the premises and consequences of the coexistence of these two categories and the parameters of historiographical approaches that cross the borders of nation-states. The three sections of World Cinemas, Transnational Perspectives cover the geopolitical imaginary, transnational cinematic institutions, and the uneven flow of words and images.
"A sexist, misogynist dinosaur"? : the changing representations of James Bond's masculinity
Composing for the cinema : the theory and praxis of music in film
Planks of reason : essays on the horror film
Cinemas of the mind : a critical history of film theory
Race on the QT : blackness and the films of Quentin Tarantino
Film history and national cinema
Film studies : a global introduction
Alfred Hitchcock and the cinema grew up together. Born in 1899, four years after the first 'official' film showing in Paris, Hitchcock demonstrated an early fascination with the new art of the cinema. He entered the film industry in 1920, and by 1925, he had directed his first feature-length film, The Pleasure Garden. His subsequent film career paralleled the phenomenal growth of the film industry during the years 1925-1976, the year of his last film. In the same way, Hitchcock's films are consonant with the revolutionary theories in the fields of physics and cosmology that were transforming the twentieth century, personified by the genius of Albert Einstein. Philip Skerry's book applies the theories of dark energy, entropy, black holes, and quantum mechanics to Hitchcock's technological genius and camera aesthetics, helping to explain the concept of 'pure cinema' and providing verification for its remarkable power. Including interviews with influential physicists, this study opens up new ways of analyzing Hitchcock's art.
From stage to screen : musical films in Europe and United States (1927-1961)
Theodor Adorno and film theory : the fingerprint of the spirit
Performing authorship : self-inscription and corporeality in the cinema
Abstract: Readin films through political classics.
The screen is red : Hollywood, communism, and the Cold War
Desire unlimited : the cinema of Pedro Almodóvar
Characterization in Edith Wharton's novel The age of innocence and Martin Scorsese's Adaptation of the novel
Art politics cinema : the Cineaste interviews
One of the first books to explore Russian cinema in the new millennium, this volume captures the emergence of a new cinematic sensibility and interprets it through the framework of the symbolic mode. Analysing films by established directors such as Sokurov, Zviagintsev and Zel'dovich, as well as lesser-known filmmakers like Balabanov, Fedorchenko and Kalatozishvili, Contemporary Russian Cinema: Symbols of a New Era explores the particular style of film presentation that has emerged in Russia since 2000, characterized by its use of highly abstract concepts and visual language. Whether directed towards a mystical world, or even towards an afterlife, the symbolic mode defines the emergence of a specific mindscape which has escaped previous representational forms, and is intrinsically linked to Russia's dramatic political and economic development since the turn of the 21st century.
Unfinished business : screening the Italian Mafia in the new millenium
"The first academic study of the genre of animal horror cinema is essential for cinema and animal studies scholars as well as for fans of horror film. It defines this popular sub-genre, outlines its history and studies recent films as well as cult classics from a variety of perspectives. A central idea in the book is that animal horror cinema mirrors socially entrenched fears of and attitudes toward animals. Thus, animal horror cinema reveals attitudes toward the fabric of social life, the fragility of the eco-system and a deep uncertainty about what makes humans different from animals. The book contains chapters by scholars with different national and disciplinary backgrounds, and therefore offers a wide range of interpretations on the significance of the animal in modern horror film"--
