http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27521 zeitgeist
zeitgeist
Summary: Crime in history.
How to save an hour every day
Questions on the De anima of Aristotle
Educational transitions : moving stories from around the world
Men of blood : violence, manliness and criminal justice in Victorian England
Mental Stress and Strain during Work and Leisure : a pilot study among marathon school participants
The multivalent concept of the imaginary is utilized to capture the presence and diffusion of religious references, symbols, worldviews, and narratives in various media and social spheres, including politics, economics, art, and popular culture. Used to describe the reception and transformation of religious references through time and cultures, imaginary can be defined as a shared pool of mental images and material products, of ideas, symbols, values, and practices that sustain meaning-making processes and cohesion within a collective. Situated at the intersection of sociological, political-philosophical, and cultural studies approaches to religion, this interdisciplinary study offers an intense exchange between theoretical discussions of religion in cultural imaginaries and richly researched empirical analysis.
Diseases of the imagination and imaginary disease in the early modern period
Did she kill him? : a Victorian tale of deception, adultery and arsenic
The incorrigible optimists club
Critical reflections on indigenous religions
Effects of physical activity and fitness on the psychological wellbeing of young men and working adults : associations with stress, mental resources, overweight and workability
Legend of the scarlet blades
Knife edge
Medical selection of life risks
Inventing Latin heretics : Byzantines and the Filioque in the ninth century
Work and leisure
Medieval foundations of the western intellectual tradition, 400-1400
Emotions and health, 1200-1700
The invention of murder : how the Victorians revelled in death and detection and created modern crime
Water acting as a border between the natural and supernatural worlds in the frontier zones of the early and high middle ages
Employment law in context : an introduction for HR professionals
Wish. 3
Wish. 4
Wish. 2
Religion in cultural imaginary : explorations in visual and material practices
Summary: Cohort differences in the functional capacity,  health and leisure activities of 65-69 year-old persons.
Cancer and cancer care
The rise of the creative class: and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
Elvis has left the building : the day the king died
The Languages of psyche : mind and body in Enlightenment thought : Clark Library lectures, 1985-1986
Hyvinvoiva sateenkaarinuori -tutkimushanke : tulosten tiivistelmä = resultaten i sammandrag = summary of results
From swords to sorrow : homicide and suicide in early modern Stockholm
Ghastly Business
The rise of the creative class : revisited
What she left behind
Apologetic for filioque in medieval theology
Anglo-Saxon psychologies in the Vernacular and Latin traditions
Work-family interface and psychological well-being : a personality and longitudinal perspective
The others
The enemy within : homicide and control in Eastern Finland in the final years of Swedish rule 1748-1808
The vintage fashion bible : the style guide to vintage looks 1920s-1990s
On the theory of life balance : the relation to subjective well-being and the role of self-regulation
The Queen Dowager's life regiment in Finland 1772-1808
The creative class goes global
Ghastly business
Busy : how to thrive in a world of too much
This text is about 19th-century Britain's fascination with good quality murder. Murder during this period was ubiquitous - not necessarily in quantity but in quality. This was the era of penny-bloods, early crime fiction and melodramas for the masses. It was a time when murder and entertainment were firmly entwined.
The rise of the creative class : and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
Physical activity, nutrition and stress response in young adults born preterm : determinants of health and disease : The Helsinki Study of Very Low Birth Weight Adults
The forces of economic growth : a time series perspective
Cancer and Cancer Care is a complete study of cancer, the care of people with the disease and its impact on everyday life. Addressing the physical and psychosocial aspects of the illness in detail, it covers all fundamental aspects of cancer diagnosis, treatment, survival and aspects of psychosocial support for all those affected by cancer: patients, their families, and their healthcare providers. Specialist chapters focus on the unique challenges of providing cancer care to populations with particular needs, including older adults; children and young people, those with learning disabilities and those with mental health problems.
Association between Intensity of Information and Communication Technology usage and Quality of Sleep Among School-aged children
The 15 minute rule
Mr. Briggs' hat : a sensational account of Britain's first railway murder
Manslaughter, fornication and sectarianism : norm-breaking in Finland and the Baltic area from mediaeval to modern times
Wish. 1
Civil society and the calling of self-development
Seasonal variation of suicides and homicides in Finland : with special attention to statistical techniques used in seasonality studies
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
