http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27572 Hundred Years' War
Hundred Years' War
The Hundred Years War. Volume 2, Trial by fire
"Divided Houses" is a tale of contrasting fortunes. In the last decade of his reign Edward III, a senile, pathetic symbol of England's past conquests, was condemned to see them overrun by the armies of his enemies. When he died, in 1377, he was succeeded by a vulnerable child, who was destined to grow into a neurotic and unstable adult presiding over a divided nation. Meanwhile France entered upon one of the most glittering periods of her medieval history, years of power and ceremony, astonishing artistic creativity and famous warriors making their reputations as far afield as Naples, Hungary and North Africa.Contemporaries in both countries believed that they were living through memorable times: times of great wickedness and great achievement, of collective mediocrity but intense personal heroism, of extremes of wealth and poverty, fortune and failure. At a distance of six centuries, as Jonathan Sumption skilfully and meticulously shows, it is possible to agree with all of these judgments.
The true chronicles of Jean le Bel, 1290-1360
The Hundred Years War. volume 4, Cursed kings
A distant mirror : the calamitous 14th century
Agincourt : a new history
Edward III and the triumph of England : the Battle of Crécy and the company of the garter
The performance of self : ritual, clothing, and identity during the Hundred Years War
Edward III and the war at sea : the English navy, 1327-1377
A great and glorious adventure : a military history of the Hundred Years War
Tuscany, 1358: Thomas Blackstone has built a formidable reputation in exile, fighting as a mercenary amid the ceaseless internecine warring of Italy's City States. Success has bred many enemies, who will seize any opportunity to destroy the man they cannot overcome on the field. When a dying man delivers a message recalling Blackstone to England, it seems almost certain to be a trap. Yet Blackstone cannot decline - the summons is apparently from the Queen. Blackstone will brave the terrors of the High Alps in winter, face the Black Prince in tournament in Windsor, confront the bloody anarchy of a popular revolt in northern France and submit to trial by combat. And every step of the way, he will be shadowed by a notorious assassin, a killer who has been instructed to inflict the maximum pain on his target before he despatches him to hell.
The king without a kingdom
Chivalry and the ideals of knighthood in France during the Hundred Years War
Son of the morning
The Hundred Years War (part III) : further considerations
The armies of Crecy and Poitiers
A collection of fifteen studies, that treats numerous aspects of the Hundred Years War, with particular emphasis on the reign of Edward III. It also analyzes several campaigns, drawing on manuscript sources and highlighting the close interrelationship between military operations and political aims and contexts
World without end
The Hundred Years War : a people's history
The Hundred Years War
The battle of Crécy : a casebook
The Hundred Years War. Volume 1, Trial by battle
The Ill made knight
The Hundred Years War. Vol. 3, Divided houses
Fields of glory
The hundred years war
Society at war : the experience of England and France during the Hundred Years War
The soldier in later medieval England
Debating the Hundred Years War : Pour ce que plusieurs (la loy salicque) and A declaration of the trew and dewe title of Henry VIII
Essays on medieval military history : strategy, military revolutions and the Hundred Years War
Stormbird
Wars of the Roses : Stormbird
The long sword
The status of prisoners of war was firmly rooted in the practice of ransoming in the Middle Ages. By the opening stages of the Hundred Years War, ransoming had become widespread among the knightly community, and the crown had already begun to exercise tighter control over the practice of war. The resulting tensions between public and private interests over ransoms and prisoners of war were apparent. Historians have long emphasised the significance of the French and English crowns' interference in the issue of prisoners of war, but this original and stimulating study questions whether they have been too influenced by the state-centred nature of most surviving sources. Based on extensive archival research, this book tests customs, laws and theory against the individual experiences of captors and prisoners during the Hundred Years War, to evoke their world in all its complexity.
Henry of Lancaster's expedition to Aquitaine, 1345-46 : military service and professionalism in the Hundred Years' War
Prisoners of war in the Hundred Years War : ransom culture in the late Middle Ages
The autobiography of the British soldier : from Agincourt to Basra, in his own words
Gate of the dead
From the brink of the apocalypse : confronting famine, war, plague, and death in the later middle ages
