http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27506 sport history
sport history
This book is an historical survey of women’s sport from 1850-1960. It looks at some of the more recent methodological approaches to writing sports history and raises questions about how the history of women’s sport has so far been shaped by academic writers. Questions explored in this text include: What are the fresh perspectives and newly available sources for the historian of women’s sport? How do these take forward established debates on women’s place in sporting culture and what novel approaches do they suggest? How can our appreciation of fashion, travel, food and medical history be advanced by looking at women’s involvement in sport? How can we use some of the current ideas and methodologies in the recent literature on the history and sociology of sport in order to look afresh at women’s participation? Jean Williams’s original research on these topics and more will be a useful resource for scholars in the fields of sports, women’s studies, history and sociology.
Journal of sport history
Transformation of modern Korean sport : imperialism, nationalism, globalization
Combat sports in the ancient world : competition, violence, and culture
Epic football expert
The history of Hungarian Sport
The Nordic world : sport in society
Girls with balls : the secret history of women's football
The history of the Olympics
Baseball : a history of America's game
The ultimate prize : the Stanley Cup
"The Book of Sports" was the royal declaration which sanctioned popular participation in traditional pastimes after church attendance on Sunday. This book takes a fresh look at the events surrounding the re-publication of the "Book of Sports" in 1633 and reassesses the role of Charles I himself in the controversy.
A century of heroism : Solo Sokos Hotel Torni Tampere's tribute to Tampere-based sports legends
Sport in Canada : a history
Pre-modern games in a modern world : a case of public festivals as rational recreation in 19th century Finland
Olympic Games 1952 : XVth Olympiad Helsinki 1952
Sport and the English middle classes 1870-1914
"Set against the backdrop of the turbulent late 1960s and early 1970s, this compelling book offers the first comprehensive narrative history of the 1972 Munich Olympic Games, notorious for the hostage taking by Palestinian terrorists of Jewish athletes and their tragic deaths after a botched rescue mission by German police. Drawing on a wealth of contemporaneous sources, including recently opened files in the German and Olympic archives, eminent historian David Clay Large offers a comprehensive exploration of the 1972 festival. He interweaves the political drama surrounding the Games with the athletic spectacle in the arena of play, itself hardly free of political controversy. Writing with flair and an eye for telling detail, Large brings to life the stories of the indelible characters who epitomized the Games, ranging from the city itself to the visionaries who brought the Games to Munich against all odds to the athletes, obscure and famous alike. With the Olympic movement in constant danger of terrorist disruption, and with the fortieth anniversary of the 1972 tragedy upon us in 2012, the Munich story is more timely than ever".
The invention of the countryside : hunting, walking, and ecology in English literature, 1671-1831
A companion to sport and spectacle in Greek and Roman antiquity
The mammoth book of the World Cup
Paavo Nurmi : Flying Finn - a lifetime in one hour
Tennis Fashion
Major problems in American sport history : documents and essays
Chronicle of the Olympics 1896-1996 ; [editor: Christina Bankes]
Horse-fight and horse-race in Norse tradition
The international journal of the history of sport
1001 sporting records
Classic baseball photographs, 1869-1947
Sports and games of the 18th and 19th centuries
Incorporating the latest research, The Victor's Crown offers an analysis of how competitive sport emerged in Greece during the eighth century BC, and then how the great festival cycle of Classical Greece came into being during the sixth century BC. Special attention is paid to violent sports of boxing, wrestling and pancration. We meet the great athletes of the past and discover what it was that made them so great. It shows how the rise of the Roman Empire transformed the sporting world by popularizing new forms of entertainment (chiefly chariot racing, gladiatorial combat and beast hunts). David Potter vividly brings to life the experiences of being fan and competitor, and extrapolates skilfully to the modern day, creating not just a history of ancient sport, but also an examination of the social and cultural roles sport has played throughout history.
Calcio : a history of Italian football
Track and field in Finland
Sport in Britain : a social history
A Companion to Sport and Spectacle in Greek and Roman Antiquity presents a series of essays that apply a socio-historical perspective to myriad aspects of ancient sport and spectacle. Covers the Bronze Age to the Byzantine Empire. Includes contributions from a range of international scholars with various Classical antiquity specialties. Goes beyond the usual concentrations on Olympia and Rome to examine sport in cities and territories throughout the Mediterranean basin. Features a variety of illustrations, maps, end-of-chapter references, internal cross-referencing, and a detailed index to increase accessibility and assist researchers.
Sport in America : from wicked amusement to national obsession
Baseball history from outside the lines : a reader
The story of the Olympics
Suomen Urheiluopisto = Finska Idrottsinstitutet på Vierumäki = The Finnish Sport Institute at Vierumäki = L'Institut des Sports de Finlande à Vierumäki
A contemporary history of women's sport. Part one, Sporting women, 1850-1960
Soviet sport : background to the Olympics
Fitter, faster, funnier Olympics!
Golden kicks : the shoes that changed sport
"Munich 1972 tells the compelling story of the most controversial of all modern Olympiads within the turbulent context of simmering global tensions: the ongoing Cold War, political posturing between the two Germanys, seemingly endless warfare in Indochina, lingering recriminations surrounding decolonization in Africa, and, of course, the cauldron of religious and ethnic hatred known euphemistically as the "Middle East Conflict." It was, of course, this last conflict that spilled over so tragically into the Munich festival, which will forever be remembered for the murder of eleven Israeli Olympians by Palestinian terrorists: a grisly episode that ruined a much-anticipated coming-out party for newly democratic West Germany and for "new Munich" itself, the erstwhile "capital" of Hitler's Nazi movement. What began as a putatively "merry" celebration of peaceful play and beery bonhomie turned into a tragic milestone in the signature horror of our times: political and religious terror".
War without weapons
England's revelry : a history of popular sports and pastimes, 1660-1830
THE OLYMPIC GAMES
Proceedings
The story of the World Cup
Athletics : a history of modern track and field athletics (1860 - 2000) men and women
Finland's Holocaust : silences of history
Negro league baseball : the rise and ruin of a Black institution
Revue d'histoire nordique = Nordic historical review. 13/2011
Classic sports cars
THE HISTORY OF MOTOR RACING
A leading authority on classical games here provides a comprehensive study of the practice of combat sports in the ancient civilizations of Greece, Rome, and the Near East. Describing and analyzing the sports of boxing, wrestling, stick-fighting, and pankration, Michael B. Poliakoff discusses such topics as the function of competition and violent games in ancient society; on the social background of the participants, showing the broad spectrum of Greek athletic personnel; on the significance of the appearance of combat sport in myth and literature; and on the alleged cultic functions of the ancient combat sports. The book is copiously illustrated with photographs of numerous objects rarely or never before published.
A history and philosophy of sport and physical education : from ancient civilizations to the modern world
World record breakers in track & field athletics
A people's history of sports in the United States : 250 years of politics, protest, people, and play
Herb Brooks : the inside story of a hockey mastermind
Berkshire encyclopedia of extreme sports
The evolution of English sport
Racing cars and the history of motor sport
The victor's crown : a history of ancient sport from Homer to Byzantium
Olympic cavalcade of sports
When the final buzzer sounds : NHL greats share their stories of hardship and triumph : an anthology
Hockey's original 6 : great players of the Golden Era
American sports : from the age of folk games to the age of spectators
Zhongguo gudai tiyu wenwu tulu = Album on ancient sports art in China
To play the game : an analysis of sports
Sport in ancient times
Get ready to become an epic football expert! ...with top stats on teams, tournaments, trophies and more! Includes legends of the game, incredible goal-scorers, great female stars, major moments in football history and a handy guide to the rules.
The story of football
Routledge companion to sports history
Sport : a cultural history
5000-1 : the Leicester City story : hope and disbelief in the Premier League's greatest-ever season
Between the lines : not so tall tales from Ray "Scampy" Scapinello's four decades in the NHL
The history of surfing
In this pioneering volume, a group of "third generation" scholars subject the contested ligature between Finland and the Holocaust to critique. Finland's Holocaust: Silences of History traces the implications of antisemitism in Finland in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, through Finland's alliance with the Third Reich during much of World War II, to the complex negotiation with its wartime past. Taking up a range of issues - from cultural history, folklore, the arts, and sports, to the interpretation of military and national history - this collection examines how modern Finnish memory and the writing of history have both engaged and evaded the figure of the Holocaust. As the first English-language introduction to the changing position of Finland in contemporary international Holocaust historiography, Finland's Holocaust is essential reading for any student of antisemitism and the Holocaust, providing a critical perspective on the role of political and cultural historiography in modern Finland.
Flying & throwing : a review of Finnish track & field history from 1906 "Interim Olympics" to the 1996 Atlanta Olympics
The Olympic Games : the first thousand years
Fédération Finlandaise de Gymnastique et des Sports et ses Fédérations members = The Gymanastic and Athletic Union of Finland and its member associations = Finnischer Turn- und Sportverband und seine Mitglidsverbände
The early history of modern field athletics
RODEO TRAILS
Everyone to skis! : skiing in Russia and the rise of Soviet biathlon
Who's better, who's best in hockey? : setting the record straight on the top 50 hockey players of the expansion era
"How does the historian's approach to the history of sport differ from those trained in the social sciences or in physical education? All three have contributed significantly to the remarkable amount of research in sports history in the last generation. But what is the relationship between them? Why, in particular, have historians become interested in sport? Which topics have historians chosen to study in sports history? How has their work influenced the wider world of history and been influenced by it? This important new collection of work by some of the world's leading sport historians seeks to answer these questions and more, offering a fascinating overview of the evolution, current condition and future prospects of the discipline of sport history"--
Sport and the British : a modern history
Sport, power and society in New Zealand : historical and contemporary perspectives
Munich 1972 : tragedy, terror, and triumph at the Olympic Games
The European ritual : football in the new Europe
Body, sport and society in Norden : essays in cultural history
Angels with dirty faces : the footballing history of Argentina
Making sport history : disciplines, identities and the historiography of sport
The devil's book : Charles I, the book of sports and Puritanism in Tudor and early Stuart England
Endurance : the extraordinary life and times of Emil Zátopek
Cold war : the amazing Canada-Soviet hockey series of 1972
The Olympic Games, the Soviet sports bureaucracy, and the Cold War : red sport, red tape
Sports and games in the ancient world
Promise : another way of travelling into cultural Europe
Soccer and society : South Wales, 1900-1939
The goaltenders' union : hockey's greatest puckstoppers, acrobats, and flakes
