http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27553 film history
film history
Interstellar : beyond time and space : inside Christopher Nolans sci-fi epic
World cinema through global genres
Korean screen cultures : interrogating cinema, tv, music and online games
The Russian cinema reader. Vol. 1, 1908 to the Stalin era
American silent film
The Wiley-Blackwell history of American film
Out of the past : Spanish cinema after Franco
The decade from 2000 to 2009 is framed, at one end, by the traumatic catastrophe of the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center and, at the other, by the election of the first African American president of the United States. In between, the United States and the world witnessed the rapid expansion of new media and the Internet, such natural disasters as Hurricane Katrina, political uprisings around the world, and a massive meltdown of world economies. Amid these crises and revolutions, American films responded in multiple ways, sometimes directly reflecting these turbulent times, and sometimes indirectly couching history in traditional genres and stories. In American Cinema of the 2000s, essays from ten top film scholars examine such popular series as the groundbreaking Matrix films and the gripping adventures of former CIA covert operative Jason Bourne; new, offbeat films like Juno; and the resurgence of documentaries like Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9/11. Each essay demonstrates the complex ways in which American culture and American cinema are bound together in subtle and challenging ways.
Latin American cinema : film and history
The struggle for form : perspectives on Polish avant-garde film, 1916-1989
World cinema : a short history
Disney villains : delightfully evil : the creation, the inspiration, the fascination
Notes for a general history of cinema
The Hollywood musical
Vietnam by Hollywood : three Hollywood films as narratives of history
Diaspora literature and visual culture : Asia in flight
A Truffaut notebook
The film till now : a survey of world cinema
Moving pictures
Chappie : the art of the movie
Law and popular culture : a course book
Film theory for beginners
Cinema, state socialism and society in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, 1917-1989 : re-visions
Army film and the avant garde : cinema and experiment in the Czechoslovak military
Ravished Armenia : and the story of Aurora Mardiganian
Visegrad cinema : points of contact from the new waves to the present
Ta'al il heith al-nakha : rua naqdie fi al-cinema
The altering eye : contemporary international cinema
James Bond encyclopedia
Restoration stage comedies and Hollywood remarriage films : in conversation with Stanley Cavell
A critical history of the British cinema
The film sense
Ukrainian cinema : belonging and identity during the Soviet thaw
A hundred years of Japanese film : a concise history, with a selective guide to DVDs and videos
The French cinema book
Austrian cinema : a history
Shakespeare in America
Is Finnish cinema Scandinavian cinema?
Altman and After : multiple narratives in film
Fifty great war films
One Hundred Films and a Funeral
Dates and sources : a contribution to the history of the art of projection and to cinematography
Disney
Waving the flag : constructing a national cinema in Britain
"The links between cinema and war machines have long been established. At the same time, cinema represents an often overlooked, yet crucial channel of tackling the difficult themes of post-traumatic memory. This book explores the range, form, and valences of trauma narratives that permeate the most notable narrative films about the breakup of Yugoslavia. It examines how film plays a part in coming to terms with the traumatic effects that wars have on communities, by ways of forming an archive of publically circulated, mass-mediated cultural memories"--
The 100 greatest silent film comedians
The social architecture of French cinema, 1929-39
The James Bond songs : pop anthems of late capitalism
Feature films as history
Film and the narrative tradition
The golden age of French cinema 1929-1939
Passion and defiance : film in Italy from 1942 to the present
A short history of the movies
Post-revolution nonfiction film : building the Soviet and Cuban nations
New British Cinema from 'Submarine' to '12 Years a Slave' : The resurgence of British film-making
Magical reels : a history of cinema in Latin America
A concise history of the cinema. Vol. 1, Before 1940
British cinema history
The value of filmmaking : avant-garde, Hollywood and film linquistics
The age of new waves : art cinema and the staging of globalization
Psychedelic celluloid : British pop music in film and TV 1965-1974
A history of Spanish film : cinema and society, 1910-2010
Movie wars : how Hollywood and the media conspire to limit what films we can see
Lights, camera, bark! : representation, semiotics and ideology of non-human animals in cinema
In conversation with cinematographers
The Chaplin machine : slapstick, Fordism and the communist avant-garde
Jean-Luc Godard, cinema historian
Hollywood speaks out : pictures that dared to protest real world issues
Majestic Hollywood : the greatest films of 1939
The roots of modern Hollywood : the persistence of values in American cinema, from the New Deal to the present
Early cinema : space, frame, narrative
Bollywood sounds : the cosmopolitan mediations of Hindi film song
Film England : culturally English filmmaking since the 1990s
The enemy on trial : early Soviet courts on stage and screen
The princess diarist
The phantom Holocaust : Soviet cinema and Jewish catastrophe
Canned goods as caviar : American film comedy of the 1930s
Tragedia all'italiana : Italian cinema and Italian terrorisms, 1970-2010
Critical theory and film : rethinking ideology through film noir
Sensing the past : Hollywood stars and historical visions
"This book explores the role of emotion and affect in recent Latin American cinemas (1990s-2000s) in the context of larger public debates about past traumas and current anxieties. To address this topic, it examines some of the most significant trends in contemporary Latin American filmmaking, including the emergence of the thriller as a preferred genre to address the legacies of the 1960s and 1970s; the rise of "youth" films about globally-connected and disaffected young adults; and the proliferation of transnational productions by "traveling" filmmakers that encourage audiences to feel for "others." The book features close textual analysis of individual films from Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Cuba, and Mexico; as well as commentary on the changing structure of Latin American film industries. It frames those analyses within a discussion of recent critical and theoretical debates about affect, sentimentalism and compassion, particularly as they relate to film"--
City of nets : a portrait of Hollywood in the 1940's
The essential Raymond Durgnat
Some kind of hero : 007 : the remarkable story of the James Bond films
Word and image : history of the Hungarian cinema
The cinema makers : public life and the exhibition of difference in South-Eastern and central Europe since the 1960s
The politics of affect and emotion in contemporary Latin American cinema : Argentina, Brazil, Cuba, and Mexico
The men with the movie camera : the poetics of visual style in Soviet avant-garde cinema of the 1920s
The classic French cinema, 1930-1960
French cinema
Filmmaking in Singapore has seen a dramatic revival since the 1990s with the success of movies such as Royston Tan's "15", Djinn's "Perth", Jack Neo's "I Not Stupid", and Eric Khoo's "12 Storeys".
Change lobsters, and dance : an autobiography
Celluloid saviours : angels and reform politics in Hollywood film
Fade from Red : the cold war ex-enemy in Russian and American film 1990-2005
Sound, speech, music in Soviet and post-Soviet cinema
Eros plus massacre : an introduction to the Japanese new wave cinema
The promise of cinema : German film theory, 1907-1933
Sirens & sinners : a visual history of Weimar film, 1918-1933
The making of Star Wars, Return of the Jedi : a definitive story
New cinema in Eastern Europe
Disney during World War II : how the Walt Disney Studio contributed to victory in the war
History of the American cinema. Vol. 5, Grand design : Hollywood as a modern business enterprise 1930-1939
The Hollywood icon best known for her role in "Star Wars" shares interconnected essays exploring her life as the child of Hollywood royalty, adventures on the sets of "Star Wars," and struggles with biploar disorder.
The art of the moving picture
The contemporary cinema
Cecil B. DeMille : the art of the Hollywood epic
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Silent cinema in India : a pictorial journey
The Collapse of the Conventional : German Film and Its Politics at the Turn of the Twenty-First Century
A photo album of the Festival de Cannes, from the very first in 1939 right up to the present day. Three generations of photographers from the Traverso family have immortalized the world's most beautiful film stars. Their photos document the history of the festival, and in doing so document the history of cinema.
The emergence of film art : the evolution and development of the motion picture as an art, from 1900 to the present
The Russian cinema reader. Vol. 2, The thaw to the present
Hitler : a film from Germany
Kino : a history of the Russian and Soviet film
In Altman & After: Multiple Narratives in Film, Peter Parshall carefully examines films that feature various plotlines. In each chapter, Parshall looks at a different example of the multi-plot form, such as network narrative and the multiple-draft narrative, demonstrating that the structure of each is central to their artistry, and that these devices open up a variety of creative vistas. Films studied in this book include Nashville, Pulp Fiction, Amores Perros, Code Unknown, The Edge of Heaven, Virgin Stripped Bare by Her Bachelors, Run Lola Run, and Kieslowski's Three Colors trilogy: Red, Whi
The sounds of the silents in Britain
Born to lose : the gangster film in America
French cinema : the first wave 1915-1929
Architectures of illusion : from motion pictures to navigable interactive enviroments
Mainframe experimentalism : early computing and the foundations of the digital arts
Griffith, first artist of the movies
Historical dictionary of Polish cinema
From fu manchu to kung fu panda : images of China in American film
Print The Legend : the life and times of John Ford
American film and society since 1945
The Hand Drawn Animation Process : Traditional and Contemporary Methods
A comprehensive history of how the conflicts and balances of power in the Maoist revolutionary campaigns from 1951 to 1979 complicated and diversified the meanings of films, this book offers a discursive study of the development of early PRC cinema. Wang closely investigates how film artists, Communist Party authorities, cultural bureaucrats, critics, and audiences negotiated, competed, and struggled with each other for the power to decide how to use films and how their extensively different, agonistic, and antagonistic power strategies created an ever-changing discursive network of meaning in cinema.
Living pictures : the origins of the movies
The moving image : a study of Indian cinema
This is a collection of interviews with some of the most significant British cinematographers of the last 30 years. The subject included here discuss their craft and recount their experiences working on some of the most notable films of the last few decades, including Anna Karenina, Atonement, The Avengers, Casino Royale, The Cider House Rules, Goldeneye, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Help, and The Prince of Tides. Many of the individuals have also worked on major television films and mini-series, including The Forsythe Saga, Inspector Morse, Life on Mars, Pennies from Heaven, The Singing Detective, and Traffik.
The Routledge encyclopedia of films
The American cinema : directors and directions, 1929-1968
Film music : a history
Revolutionary cycles in Chinese cinema, 1951-1979
British film design : a history
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Chinese cinema : culture and politics since 1949
The Latin image in American film
Stereoscopic cinema & the origins of 3-D film, 1838-1952
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
The history of Korean cinema
Boro, l'île d'amour : the films of Walerian Borowczyk
"Our native antiquity" : archaeology and aesthetics in the culture of Russian modernism
Vital crises in Italian cinema : iconography, stylistics, politics
A short history of cinema in Serbia and Montenegro. Part 1, 1896-1945
Film history : an introduction
Patterns of recollection : the documentary meets digital media
Film and attraction : from kinematography to cinema
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
A history of the cinema : from its origins to 1970
The ministry of illusion : Nazi cinema and its afterlife
China's war memory: from victor to victims : the portrayal of Japanese Figures in Chinese "anti-japanese war" film
Best of Slovak film 1921-1991
Moskva v kino = Moscow on screen
The Third Reich's celluloid war : propaganda in nazi feature films, documentaries and television
West German filmmakers on film : visions and voices
Cinema in service of the state : perspectives on East German and Czech film culture, 1945-1960
Film studies : the basics
"'Ravished Armenia' and the Story of Aurora Mardiganian is the real-life tale of a teenage Armenian girl who was caught up in the 1915 Armenian genocide, the first genocide in modern history. Mardiganian (1901-1994) witnessed the murder of her family and the suffering of her people at the hands of the Ottoman Empire. Forced to march over fourteen hundred miles, she was sold into slavery. When she escaped to the United States, Mardiganian was then exploited by the very individuals whom she believed might help. Her story was published in book form and then used as the basis for a 1918 feature film, in which she herself starred. The film Ravished Armenia, also known as Auction of Souls, is a graphic retelling of Aurora Mardiganian's story, with the teenager in the central role, supported by Anna Q. Nilsson and Irving Cummings and directed by Oscar Apfel. Only twenty minutes of the film--the first to deal with the Armenian genocide--is known to survive, but it proves to be a stunning production, presenting its story in newsreel style. This revised edition of Anthony Slide's 'Ravished Armenia' and the Story of Aurora Mardiganian also contains an annotated reprint of Mardiganian's original narrative and, for the first time, the full screenplay. In his introduction, Slide recounts the making of the film and Mardiganian's life in the United States, involving a cast of characters including Henry Morgenthau, Mrs. George W. Vanderbilt, Mrs. Oliver Harriman, and film pioneer William Selig. The introduction also includes original comments by Aurora Mardiganian, whom Slide interviewed before her death. Acclaimed Armenian Canadian filmmaker Atom Egoyan, who created a video art installation about Mardiganian in 2007, provides a foreword"--
American cinema of the 2000s : themes and variations
John Williams's film music : Jaws, Star Wars, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and the return of the classical Hollywood music style
Moving images: from Edison to the webcam
Flashback : films and history
The Italian cinema book
Shattered mirror : the problem of identity in the post-Yugoslav documentary
Decades never start on time : a Richard Roud anthology
A short history of the Hungarian cinema
The Hollywood romantic comedy : covent and controversies
Continental strangers : German exile cinema, 1933-1951
First films of the Holocaust : Soviet cinema and the genocide of the Jews, 1938-1946
Behind the Soviet screen : the motion-picture industry in the USSR 1972-1982
Polish cinema in a transnational context
Second wave
The liveliest art : a panoramic history of the movies
Wake up and dream
Cannes cinema : a visual history of the world's greatest film festival
Movieland : Hollywood and the great American dream culture
Vreme kino klubova = The cine-club era
The name above the title : an autobiography
The fiction of America : performance and the cultural imaginary in literature and film
Grace kelly : the secret lives of a princess
Kieślowski po latach : w zwierciadle opinii i wspomnień = Kieślowski years later: mirrored in opinions and recollections
The filmbook : a complete guide to the world of cinema
Megastar : Chiranjeevi and Telugu cinema after N. T. Rama Rao
We're in the money : depression America and its films
Harold Lloyd : the man on the clock
The new Neapolitan cinema
From stage to screen : musical films in Europe and United States (1927-1961)
New German cinema : a history
The screen is red : Hollywood, communism, and the Cold War
British national cinema
D. W. Griffith : his life and work
Liberated cinema : the Yugoslav experience
Images of rupture between East and West : the perception of Auschwitz and Hiroshima in Eastern European arts and media
In contrast : Croatian film today
François Truffaut (1932-1984) ranks among the greatest film directors and has had a worldwide impact on filmmaking as a screenwriter, producer, film critic, and founding member of the French New Wave. His most celebrated films include The 400 Blows, Shoot the Piano Player, Jules and Jim, Day for Night and The Last Metro. A Truffaut Notebook is a lively and eclectic introduction to the life and work of this major cinematic figure. In entries as brief as a page, as well as in full length essays, it examines topics such as Truffaut's mentors, the autobiographical nature of his films, his place in the film tradition, his film criticism, his reputation, his relationships with other directors, and the formal and thematic coherence of his body of work. Sam Solecki also argues for Truffaut's continuing wide appeal and relevance by examining his influence on filmmakers like Woody Allen, Noah Baumbach, Alexander Payne, Patrice Leconte, and Jean-Pierre Jeunet, and on writers such as Julian Barnes, Ann Beattie, and Salman Rushdie. Because the book returns regularly to the author's shifting responses to Truffaut's work over the last fifty years, it also offers an autobiographical meditation on his own lifelong fascination with film. Consisting of over eighty short entries and essays, as well as provocative lists, dreams, and quizzes, A Truffaut Notebook is an original and exciting text and a model of passionate engagement with cinema.
Dislocated screen memory : narrating trauma in post-Yugoslav cinema
