http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27512 photographic expression
photographic expression
Photography : a middle-brow art
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. Parte seconda, I colori = Colors
The art of photography
The Instagram book : inside the online photography revolution
The author presents his advice and practice routines for composing and capturing photographs of people, illustrated with examples from his own practice sessions and from his extensive work photographing weddings around the world.
Visual communication is just as important as verbal communication, if not more important. VISUAL COMMUNICATION: IMAGES WITH MESSAGES shows you how visual perception is used in all forms of communication, whether it's graphic design, photography, television, video, or interactive media. And because it's packed with study and review tools, this communications textbook not only clearly explains the theories you need to know, it helps you prepare for tests and will help you succeed in the class.
Visual communication : images with messages
Designing with photographs
Criticizing photographs : an introduction to understanding images
The violence of the image : photography and international conflict
Helios : Eadweard Muybridge in a time of change
Visual history : images of education
The photograph
Walter Benjamin's essay "A Short History of Photography" (1931) made bold statements about photographic pioneers such as David Octavius Hill and Nicéphore Niépce, and the social and historical context of their work. This first selection of Benjamin's writings on photography includes a new translation of this influential essay as well as a range of Benjamin's other writings, both published and unpublished, some of which are translated into English for the first time here.
The creative photographer
Political acts are encoded in medial forms--punch holes on a card, images on a live stream, tweets about events unfolding in real time--that have force, shaping people as subjects and forming the contours of what is sensible, legible, and visible. In doing so they define the terms of political possibility and create terrain for political acts. Sensible Politics considers the constitutive role played by aesthetic and performative techniques in the staging of claims by nongovernmental activists. Attending to political aesthetics means focusing not on a disembodied image that travels under the concept of art or visual culture, nor on a preformed domain of the political that seeks subsequent expression in media form. Instead it requires bringing the two realms together into the same analytic frame. A diverse group of contributors, from art historians, anthropologists, and political theorists to artists, filmmakers, and architects, considers the interaction of politics and the visual in such topics as the political consequences of a photograph taken by an Israeli soldier in a Palestinian house in Ramallah; AIDS activism; images of social suffering in Iran; the "forensic architecture" of claims to truth; and the "Make Poverty History" campaign. Transcending disciplines, they trace a broader image complex whereby politics is brought to visibility through the mediation of specific cultural forms that mix the legal and the visual, the hermeneutic and the technical, the political and the aesthetic. Their contributions offer critical insight into the practices of mediation whereby the political becomes manifest.
The documentary impulse
Reading images : the grammar of visual design
Photography ; the key concepts
I as Me is a making-of detailing the project 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS, which was part of the official programme of Turku European Capital of Culture 2011. The project opened up a new outlook on self-portraits and autobiographical writing to all who are interested in making, studying or using art – especially for art students in higher education and those intrigued by the empowering aspects of art. The project was coordinated by the Arts Academy of Turku University of Applied Sciences. This book is based on the Finnish work Omakuva on jokaisen kuva (A Self-Portrait is a Portrait of Everyone, 2011), which was published as part of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project. Some of the articles have been expanded, and also a lot of makingof material has been added, including interviews of the participants, artwork from the exhibitions, new workshop methods and other miscellaneous documentation. In this book, workshop leaders, participants, artists and researchers discuss their own ways to view, access and create self-portraits as well as autobiographical writing. Additionally, I as Me contains a wide selection of self-portraits made in numerous workshops of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project, creating a fascinating period piece. Self-Portrait is diverse and personal -- (Takakansi)
An introduction to visual research methods in tourism
"In the twenty-first century, the advent of digital photography, camera phones and social media platforms has altered the relationship between photographers, the medium and the audience- as well as contributing to an ongoing blurring of the boundaries between news and entertainment and professional and amateur journalism. The Violence of the Image explores how new vernacular and artistic modes of photographic production articulate international friction."--Page 4 of cover.
Sensible politics : the visual culture of nongovernmental activism
Man and picture : papers from the first International Symposium for Ethnological Picture Research in Lund 1984
Colour grading video files in Adobe Lightroom
Getting the picture : visual culture of the news
Etinne-Jules Marey : a passion for the trace
Aesthetics : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 4, The individual arts
So many constellations (walk-through)
Beauty will always be disturbed
Provocative shots
Deathbed selfie
Photography : the definitive visual history
The photographic image in digital culture
Color : a photographer's guide to directing the eye, creating visual depth and conveying emotion
Nordic now!
The mottled screen : reading Proust visually
Prosthetic culture : photography, memory and identity
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. 1, La luce = The light
Water light time
Carried by light
Theory -- Snapshots and institutions -- Documentary and storytelling -- Seeing portraits -- Landscapes -- The object of still life -- Art photography -- Global photography -- The scopic drive : the visual field -- Memory and history
"Powerful and often controversial, news pictures promise to make the world at once immediate and knowable. Yet while many great writers and thinkers have evaluated photographs of atrocity and crisis, few have sought to set these images in a broader context by defining the rich and diverse history of news pictures in their many forms.For the first time, this volume defines what counts as a news picture, how pictures are selected and distributed, where they are seen and how we critique and value them. Presenting the best new thinking on this fascinating topic, this book considers the news picture over time, from the dawn of the illustrated press in the nineteenth century, through photojournalism's heyday and the rise of broadcast news and newsreels in the twentieth century and into today's digital platforms. It examines the many kinds of images: sport, fashion, society, celebrity, war, catastrophe and exoticism; and many mediums, including photography, painting, wood engraving, film and video. Packed with the best research and full colour-illustrations throughout, this book will appeal to students and readers interested in how news and history are key sources of our rich visual culture"
On Photography
The photographer's mind : creative thinkig for better digital photos
Arts of wonder : enchanting secularity : Walter de Maria, Diller + Scofidio. James Turrell, Andy Goldsworthy
Picture perfect posing : practicing the art of posing for photographers and models
Between film and screen : modernism's photo synthesis
Fabrica 10 : from chaos to order and back
Crisis of the real : writings on photography, 1974-1989
Telling stories with photo essays : a guide for prek-5 teachers
Framing the interpreter : towards a visual perspective
Contemporary cabinets of curiosities : capturing environment and experiences into digital collections
Cultures of vision : images, media, and the imaginary
Doing visual research with children and young people
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. Parte terza, Gli elementi = The elements
The elements of photography : understanding and creating sophisticated images
Picture perfect practice : a self-training guide to mastering the challenges of taking world-class photographs
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits
"Keegan Allen is the international breakout star of ABC Family's hit television series, Pretty Little Liars. A gifted photographer and writer--and a dazzling film, television, and stage actor now counting millions of fans across the globe--Keegan Allen brings tremendous talent and energy to his first publishing project. Keegan tells a unique story with his photographs. On one hand, the book is a beautifully candid view into the glamour and timelessness of Hollywood, a mysterious yet wildly alluring place. On the other hand, it is a blissfully unassuming portrait of ordinary life- the unknown young woman gazing dreamily from the balcony of her hotel room, or the old woman who walks the same street every morning in her pink bathrobe, just to stop and talk to a passerby. Through his own stunning photography and captivating prose and poetry, life.love.beauty chronicles the author's life growing up just off the Sunset Strip, coming into his own as a young aspiring actor, looking for love and understanding, negotiating the seductions and disappointments of Hollywood, landing a plum role in a hit television series, encountering and embracing his fans, traveling the globe to promote his work, and striving to stay connected to his closest friends and loved ones" -- Provided by publisher.
Life, love, beauty
Picturing the self : changing views on the subject in visual culture
The cinematic
Emanations : the art of the cameraless photograph
Visual culture: the reader
The complete guide to organising and styling professional photo shoots
Life on Instagram : 2017.
