http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27531 isotope geology
isotope geology
Isotope geology
Igneous petrology
Isotope Geology
Nature's clocks : how scientists measure the age of almost everything
The palmottu natural analogue project : progress report 1996
U-Pb isotopic age determinations from the Kolari-Muonio area, western Finnish Lapland
Techniques in hydrothermal ore deposits geology
Iron oxide-copper-gold deposits in Finland : case studies from the Peräpohja schist belt and Central-Lapland greenstone belt
Stable isotope composition of mineral proxies as a record of fluid evolution in fractured bedrock, the Olkiluoto site, Finland
Isotopic fingerprints in surficial waters : stable isotope methods applied in hydrogeological studies
Carbon isotope records of sedimentary carbonate rocks in the Pechenga belt, NW Russia : implications for the Precambrian carbon cycle
Progress in isotope geology
Isotopic evidence for the origin of Proterozoic massif-type anorthosites and their relation to rapakivi granites in southern Finland and northern Brazil
Application of radiogenic isotopes to ore deposit research and exploration
Isotope geochemistry
Principles of stable isotope distribution
Geochrology of the Oklo and Bangombé fossil natural fission reactors: tracing the effects of geological events
Isotope techniques in water resources development : proceedings of an international symposium on the use of isotope techniques in water resources development, org. by the International Atomic Energy Agency in co-operation with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization and held in Vienna, 30 March-3 April 1987.
40Ar-39Ar, AFT and (U-Th)/He thermochronologic implications for the low-temperature geological evolution in SE Sweden
Hydrogeology : principles and practice
This book provides a comprehensive introduction to radiogenic and stable isotope geochemistry. Beginning with a brief overview of nuclear physics and nuclear origins, it then reviews radioactive decay schemes and their use in geochronology. A following chapter covers the closely related techniques such as fission-track and carbon-14 dating. Subsequent chapters cover nucleosynthetic anomalies in meteorites and early solar system chronology and the use of radiogenic isotopes in understanding the evolution of the Earth's mantle, crust, and oceans. Attention then turns to stable isotopes and after reviewing the basic principles involved, the book explores their use in topics as diverse as mantle evolution, archeology and paleontology, ore formation, and, particularly, paleoclimatology. A following chapter explores recent developments including unconventional stable isotopes, mass-independent fractionation, and isotopic 'clumping'. The final chapter reviews the isotopic variation in the noble gases, which result from both radioactive decay and chemical fractionations.
Handbook of stable isotope analytical techniques. Vol. 2
Groundwater flow paths in the bedrock fracture zones revealed by using the stable isotopes of oxygen and hydrogen in the Talvivaara mine gypsum pond area, Northeastern Finland
Cosmogenic nuclides : principles, concepts and applications in the earth surface sciences
The prehistory of Suomussalmi, eastern Finland : the first billion years as revealed by isotopes and the composition of granitoid suites
Neodymium isotope geochemistry
"This book provides a comprehensive and state-of-the art introduction to the novel and fast-evolving topic of in situ-produced cosmogenic nuclides"--Provided by publisher.
Abstracts : Hagoshrim 23.-25. 3. 2004
Lakes Edward, George and Victoria (Uganda) : a study of Late Quarternary rift tectonics, sedimentation and palaeoclimate
Principles of isotope geology
Radiogenic isotope geology
"This is the first book to provide a comprehensive and state-of-the-art introduction to the novel and fast-evolving topic of in-situ produced cosmogenic nuclides. It presents an accessible introduction to the theoretical foundations, with explanations of relevant concepts starting at a basic level and building in sophistication. It incorporates, and draws on, methodological discussions and advances achieved within the international CRONUS (Cosmic-Ray Produced Nuclide Systematics) networks. Practical aspects such as sampling, analytical methods and data-interpretation are discussed in detail and an essential sampling checklist is provided. The full range of cosmogenic isotopes is covered and a wide spectrum of in-situ applications are described and illustrated with specific and generic examples of exposure dating, burial dating, erosion and uplift rates and process model verification. Graduate students and experienced practitioners will find this book a vital source of information on the background concepts and practical applications in geomorphology, geography, soil-science, and geology"--Provided by publisher.
