http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27578 Tineoidea
Tineoidea
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Secondary neuropathology after experimental stroke : with special emphasis on calcium, amyloid and inflammation
XIII Scand LAS Symposium on laboratory animal science, April 7-9, 1983, College of Veterinary Medicine, Helsinki, Finland : program and abstracts
Recognition and alleviation of distress in laboratory animals
Animal models for anti-angiogenic therapy of malignant glioma
Encounter with the triune God?
Time warped
Narrating coping experiences of necessity entrepreneurs
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
The effects of prolyl oligopeptidase inhibition in α-synuclein based mouse models of Parkinson’s disease
Aesthetics
Animals for research : principles of breeding and management
Adenovirus and baculovirus mediated proangiogenic gene therapy in skeletal muscle and uterine artery : safety aspects in peripheral arterial disease and fetal growth restriction therapy
Aesthetic experience : beauty, creativity and the search for the ideal
Effects of litter and cage furniture on mouse anxiety-like behaviour
Application of mass spectrometry in unravelling the secrets of the endocannabinoid system
Germ-free life studies : rearing germ-free chickens ..
Nutrient requirements of laboratory animals
The biology of the laboratory rabbit
Experience and history : phenomenological perspectives on the historical world
Laboratory animals : use, legislation and future : the First Finnish-Soviet Symposium on Laboratory Animal Science, Kuopio, 17. - 18. Nov. 1981
The discipline of taste and feeling
The view from within : first-person approaches to the study of consciousness
Sound wise: creating applied visual art experiences in Lapland
Mouse management : a practical guide to the care of laboratory mice
ICLAs news
The transparency of things : contemplating the nature of experience
How music works
New paradigms in laboratory animal science : a joint FELASA/Scand-LAS symposium : abstracts : Marina Congress Center Helsinki, Finland June 14th-17th, 2010.
Effects of exercise and alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on brain tissue protection in experimental diabetes
Abstract: This bachelor's thesis was conducted as a case study for restaurant Comico of Naururavintolat Oy. The aim of the study was to measure how customers perceive  experiences during their restaurant visit in the case company and to determine  whether the case company can be identified as an experience service provider. Other objectives were to identify certain details, such as ways to improve the  perception of experiences. The theoretical part of thesis was gathered from marketing and business literature, articles and previous publications all related to the topics at hand. The theory examines experience industry as a whole, with emphasis on customer's perception over different components related to a restaurant service. Customers are at central  focus in this study, which means that individual factors such as emotions, preferences and expectations are carefully investigated. A qualitative method was chosen for the empirical part of the study. An openended questionnaire was designed to interview customers. Interviews were recorded. Subsequently, restaurant's manager was interviewed with the same  technique. The interviews were summarized and analysed by using content  analysis. The results of the interviews are spread throughout the text along with  the theory. The results provide a direction to develop Comico's ability to act in the future. The case company's overall service process is good, yet some details should be improved regarding service attitude of the employees, consistency of the theme  and decorative details. The case company is also recommended to conduct a quantitative research to measure customer satisfaction. The most important  outcome of this thesis was to provide a framework for any restaurant business  willing to succeed in the field of experience industry. This thesis not only helps  service companies to identify failure points within their service processes but also  gives suggestions and examples how to improve them..
Guidelines for use of live amphibions and reptiles in field research
Novel animal models and gene therapy applications for glioblastoma multiforme
Viral and mycoplasmal infections of laboratory rodents : effects on biomedical research
Felt time : the psychology of how we perceive time
Synergistic activation of salmon cardiac function by endothelin and -adrenergic stimulation
A manual of standard operating procedures for animal facilities
Identifying virus-host interactions critical for alphavirus-mediated oncolysis
Laboratory animal welfare, 1979-April 1989
Structure-related magnetic fabric studies : implications for deformed and undeformed Precambrian rocks
Development of epileptogenic network alterations in rodent models of status epilepticus : role of the urokinase-type plasminogen activating system
The ethics of sightseeing
Refiguring the ordinary
Sensibility and sense : the aesthetic transformation of the human world
Spatial intensity : what constitutes experiential space and how we perceive it
Selection and use of replacement methods in animal experimentation
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Germ-free life studies : [rearing germ-free albino rats ... ]
You know you're in California when ... : 101 quintessential places, people, events, customs, lingo, and eats of the Golden Gate Sate
Behavioral and economic aspects of caries control
Metapopulation dynamics of moths
If social, political, and material transformation is to have a lasting impact on individuals and society, it must be integrated within ordinary experience. "Refiguring the Ordinary" examines the ways in which individuals' bodies, habits, environments, and abilities function as horizons that underpin their understandings of the ordinary. These features of experience, according to Gail Weiss, are never neutral, but are always affected by gender, race, social class, ethnicity, nationality, and perceptions of bodily normality. While no two people will experience the ordinary in exactly the same way, the multiplicities, possibilities, overlaps, and limitations of day-to-day horizons are always intersubjectively constituted. Weiss turns her attention to changing the conditions and experiences of oppression from ordinary to extraordinary. This book is an impressive phenomenological, feminist reading of the complexities of human experience.
Guidelines on the handling and training of Laboratory animals
Parasites of laboratory animals
The UFAW handbook on the care and management of laboratory animals
Chimpanzees : a laboratory colony
On the occurrence and ecology of Eriocrania spp. (Eriocraniidae) and other mining insects of the birch in northernmost Fennoscandia in 1973
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
Functional autoradiography as a pharmacological approach for studying G protein-coupled lipid receptor signalling
The plague dogs
Guide for the care and use of laboratory animals
Cardiological studies in mice : special emphasis on gene therapy, imaging and ECG findings
The laboratory small ruminant
Phytochemicals beyond whole grains and health : non-targeted metabolite profiling in whole grain research
Immersion revisited : a review of existing definitions of immersion and their relation to different theories of presence
Euthanasia of animals used for scientific purposes
Animal behaviour in the laboratory : behavioural tests and their interpretation illustrated mainly by psychopharmacology in the rat
Genetic and functional studies of genes involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease
The larval case and food plant of Coleophora thulea (Lepidoptera, Coleophoridae)
The use of laboratory animal models for domestic animal disease research
Content-based approach to experiencing visual art
White sands : experiences from the outside world
Health and safety in laboratory animal facilities
The Clinical chemistry of laboratory animals
Applications of sweep imaging with Fourier transformation (SWIFT) : imaging brain microstructure and calcifications
The behaviour of moths
Physiological roles of fatty acids and endocannabinoids in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans
Abstract: The proportion of mined leaves varied from 32.7 % (the top of Jesnalvaara fell at Kevo) to 0.3 % (Kongsfjorddal in NE-Finnmark). The proportion of Eriocrania mines varied from 99.5 % (Jesnalvaara) to 30.0 % (Roddineset) of all mined leaves...
Psychology of the arts
The regulation of neuroinflammation by nuclear factor kappa B and apolipoprotein E
The rabbit : a model for the principles of mammalian physiology and surgery
Laboratory animal management. Dogs
Abstract: Birch leaf consumption in the mining larvae of Eriocrania spp. (sangii, semipurpurella and sparmanella) was estimated in Finnish Lapland in 1973. In that year most of the larvae died at an early stage...
Laboratory mouse handbook
Results from the citizen and service producer surveys in Northern Ostrobothnia
Catalytic and therapeutic characteristics of human recombinant glycosylasparaginase and bacterial L-asparaginases
Housing environment and enrichment for laboratory rats : refinement and reduction outcomes
The Laboratory Animal in Drug Testing : 5th Symposium of the International Committee on Laboratory Animals (ICLA) : Hannover, 19.-21. September 1972
The methodological framework of the regional well-being researches made in Finland
Euthanasia of experimental animals
The term immersion continues to be applied inconsistently within and across different fields of research connected with the study of virtual reality and interactive media. Moreover, immersion is oftentimes used interchangeably with the terms presence and engagement. This article details a review of existing definitions of immersion originating within the study of video games, virtual environments, and literary works of fiction. Based on this review, a three-dimensional taxonomy of the various conceptualizations of immersion is proposed. That is, the existing definitions of immersion may be broadly divided into three categories, each representing a dimension of the taxonomy: immersion as a property of a system, a subjective response to narrative contents, or a subjective response to challenges within the virtual environment. Finally, four distinct theories of presence are introduced and, based on the established taxonomy, we discuss how the individual theories relate to existing definitions of immersion.
The role of process conformance and developers' skills in the context of test-driven development
Manual of microsurgery on the laboratory rat. Part 1, General information and experimental techniques
Outbreaks of Dineura virididorsata (Hymenoptera) and Eriocrania (Lepidoptera) on mountain birch in northernmost Norway
A world classification of the Harmacloninae, a new subfamily of Tineidae (Lepidoptera: Tineoidea)
Analysis of movement in sequential space : perceiving the traditional Japanese tea and stroll garden
Measuring consumption in Eriocrania (Eriocraniidae, Lep.) miners with reference to interaction between the leaf and the miner
Engineered nanoparticles : effects in mouse respiratory tract and occupational exposure during flame spray process
Health and safety in animal facilities
The use of animals in scientific procedures
A study of rodent brain function with functional and pharmacological magnetic resonance imaging
