http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2758 board games
board games
Moomins on the Riviera = Muumit Rivieralla
Basic techniques of GO
Graded go problems for beginners. Volume one : introductory problems
Start as a proto-dinosaur or proto-mammal, just after the Permian apocalypse that destroyed 96% of the planet. Faced with environmental changes and competition from others, you must mutate your species and start new species. Create bizarre chimeras, from vegetarian velociraptors to flying dolphins. Establish subterranean civilizations, tame fire, or just be super-sexy. - Overview: From 1 to 4 players start as proto-dinosaurs or proto-mammals. These creatures are distinguished by dentition; some have long batteries of teeth better suited for masticating plants, while others have fewer teeth better suited for meat-eating. Each player starts with genes used to purchase mutation and genotype cards. Stacks of cards and tiles indicate the dietary DNA of your species, giving it adaptations such as long necks for browsing. Markers on tracks record roadrunner DNA, attributes that help your species catch prey or avoid being prey, such as swiftness or aggressiveness. You can create interesting critters, like blubbery vegetarian velociraptors, or flying fire-using hedgehogs. Tiles that have gone extinct are collected in an area on the map called the “tarpits”. These tiles are distributed among the most populous players as victory points during four scoring rounds.
So you want to play go? : level 1 : Beginner to 20 kyu
When Jenny Thornton and her six friends open the white box given to her by the mysterious Julian, they discover a strange game and enter a house of horrors full of their worst nightmares, where they must triumph or die.
RoboRally
Trickerion - Legends of Illusion is a competitive strategy game set in a fictional city inspired by the late 19th century urban life and culture. Players take on the role of rival stage illusionist, striving to become the citýs most celebrated Magician. There is much more at stake than prestige alone. By becoming the audiencés favorite, the best Magician wins the contest for the mighty Trickerion Stone, a mysterious relic that grants supernatural powers to its owner, making him a true Legend of Illusion. Starting out with just a simple trick and handful of helpers, you will embark on a journey to become the greatest illusionist alive.
Disney Planes Kimble
Honshu
The year is 1922. The Texas Oil Boom is in full swing. Spindletop was discovered 20 years ago, and most of the oil reserves in East Texas have been claimed. But a new drilling site in the Permian Basin has oil companies turning west, urging landowners to sink every last cent into petrileum. Now is your chance to find the next gusher before your neighbor beats you to it. Prepare to strain your overalls in Texas tea as you servey the barren landscape in search of Black Gold.
Dale of merchants
Backgammon : games and strategies
Temple Trap
What does the house of your dream look like? Would you rather have a huge bedroom with an elegant canopy bed or a spacious living room big enough for a grand piano? In Dream Home, you desing your own custom home from scratch. Your creative vision drives every decision, from the type of roof to sthe style of interior décor. But make sure you keep up with the Joneses. At the end of the game, the nicest home on the block will be the envy of the neighborhood.
Warhammer fantasy roleplay
You and your fellow adventurers are discovering the wildlife of the rainforest: toucans, monkeys, jaguars and more! Each turn, you and your fellow explorers will reveal what is hiding. Will you take your data back, or keep pushing on, even though another explorer might take credit for your hard work? Avoid mosquitos, discover animals and prove that you are the best explorer in Costa Rica!
How much do you know about HBÓs Game of Thrones TV series? Test your knowledge againt your friends and seize the Iron Throne!
Hikaru no go. 13 : First professional match
The king's indian defence
The Witcher : Adventure game
Original Alias : word explanation game
A Study in Emerald is a board game inspired by the Neil Gaiman story of the same name. The premise is simple, the year is 1881 and the ‘Old Ones’ have been ruling the earth for over seven hundred years. Although most of humanity has accepted these monstrous rulers, there is a growing underground movement to overthrow the regime, labeled the Restorationists. A secret war is being fought around the cities of the Europe and the New World between agents of the Restorationists and those loyal to the powers that be. (Valmistajan sivuilta)
Paris has fallen. New York is a pile of rubble spilling into the Atlantic. Alien attacks against Nanjing and Changzhou prompt widespread panic throughout the streets of Shanghai. Defense satellites detect UFOs in orbit over Mexico, Russia, and Brazil. Military responses have proven ineffectual. Fear and anxiety lead to widespread riots. Human civilization stands upon the brink of collapse... You are humanity’s last hope. (Valmistajan sivuilta)
Angry Birds playground (on top)
Mystery of the Abbey
Chess game : Magnetic game
Dinosaurs : mystic islands
Cry Havoc
The Godfather : A new Don
Arctic Scavengers : Base game + Hq + Recon
Zathura
Hikaru no go. 12 : The Shinshodan series
Beyond Baker Street
Hikaru no go. 16 : Chinese Go Association
Penny Press
In Potion Explosion yoúll handle the powerful (and unstable) Ingredient marbles needed for your Recipes to create magical Potions. Triggering big Explosions will help you gather Ingredients quicker, and drinking the Potions you completed earlier will unleash their power! Are you ready to brew the most difficult (and valuable) Potions and grab the Student of the Year Award?
Hikaru no go. 7 : The Young lions tournament
Everything I know about business I learned from Monopoly : successful executives reveal strategic lessons from the world's greatest board game
Hikaru no go. 19 : One step forward!
Monopoly, money, and you : how to profit from the game's secrets of success
Iron sky : the board game
Hikaru no go. 8 : The pro test preliminaries: day four
Dead of winter : The long night
Taimanov's selected games
Hikaru no go. 9 : The pro test begins
New in chess : Helsinki
Dwarves are brave, determined, hard-working, and enjoy a gamble. In Quartz, you and your fellow dwarves discover a new mine, rich with valuable crystals. Excited by the discovery, yoúve decided to make a wager. Whomever can extract and sell crystals for the most profit after five days will become owner of the mine! Beware though your "friends" will stop at nothing to win, and every swing of your trusty pickaxe risks uncovering more than just crystals. How deep will you dig, how far will you go, and how hard will you work to be the minés owner, in Quartź!
The Lotus Garden has preserved its secret for centuries, but you have discovered the truth. The mystical flowers grown here will provide eternal life and everlasting wisdom to those who possess them. You must help the flowers grow to their full potential and pick them from the garden to harness their energy. Others are finding their way to the Lotus Garden and want these flowers for themselves. By enlisting the help of Guardian Insect, you may just have the strength required to take control of the Lotus Garden and ultimately achieve true enlightenment.
Backgammon for serious players : strategies from the world champion
Collins little book of Scrabble secrets
A study in emerald
Bend It
Potion Explosion
Velhojen yö : pilkkopimeässä pelattava peli = Trollkarnas natt : ska helst spelas i beckmörker = Magicians' night : the game played in the dark
XCOM : the board game
The forbidden game
Chess = Shakki
Battlestar Galactica : The board game
Backgammon for dummies
Hikaru no go. 21 : Great expectations
The lord of the rings. The two towers : roleplaying adventure game
Alias : in other words a fun and frantic game of verbal interaction
Life and death
Battlestar Galactica
The art of Shogi
Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone: the game
Toscana: memory game
SpongeBob Squarepants kimble
Realm of Wonder
Dream Home
In this dice-rolling, area-control board game, yoúll take on the role of the head of one of six major crime families battling for control of New York City. Through the roll of your dice pool, yoúll send out your soldiers to take over different territories or send them to Vegas to gamble on your future.
Kaleva of Finnish forests : duel of the mythical legends : strategic game from the far North
The complete book of games
Fight For Olympus
Pewter and Wood : 4 game set
Shadow Hunters
Chess Life : Espoo
The endgame
The theory and practice of Go
In this dice variant of the popular Race for the Galaxy board game of space empire building, your dice represent your populace, whom you direct to develop new technologies, settle worlds, and ship goods. The player who best manages his workers and builds the most prosperous empire wins!
Trickerion : Legends of Illusion
Family games
Money Lisa
Go! : more than a game
Chinese checkers = Kiinanshakki
Not Alone
Hikaru no go. 20 : The young lions
Libraries got game : aligned learning through modern board games
"Analyzes paratextual board games--particularly games based on film, television, and books--as unique media texts"--
Costa Rica : Reveal the rainforest
In Constantinopolis, 2-5 players vie to become the most influential merchant in the city of Constantinopolis. Players deliver goods and passangers overseas, sell goods at home, donate to the city, and finance public buildings to become the wealthiesst and most popular merchant in Constantinopolis.
Chess : 5334 problems, combinations, and games
The new games treasury : more than 500 indoor and outdoor favorites with strategies, rules and traditions
Rivals for Catan : Deluxe
Cry havoc is an asymmetric, card driven area control game for 2-4 players. Each player controls one of the four unique species and fights viciously to gather the most resources on the planet. Players customize their decks of cards, build powerful structures, and leverage their unique Skills to emerge victorious.
Hikaru no go. 6 : The Insei exam
Seikkailu vuorilla = Bergsäventyr, Adventure in the Mountains
Hikaru no go. 1 : Descent of the go master
Go : a complete introduction to the game
Hikaru no go. 11 : A fierce battle
The Korean Go Association's Learn to play go. Volume 1, A master's guide to the ultimate game
The game of go : learning and mastering the most challenging game in the world
The game of Go : the national game of Japan
Everybody plays at the library : creating great gaming experiences for all ages
Skylanders : action game
Board and table game antiques
Backgammon
Realm of wonder
The Resistance : Avalon
Tsuro: the game of the path
Love letter : the Hobbit: the battle of the five armies edition
In "Shadow Hunters", each player has a secret character identity - Shadow, Hunter, or Civilian (Neutral). Your job is to try and figure out identities in order to determine who is your ally or enemy. You'll be using Hermit cards to help as well as watching the other playerś actionson their turn. Once you identify the different secret identities, and your allies, the game play shifts to battle and survival. By making good use of the White Cards and Black Cards, or by attacking develops. In addition, you can utilize each characteŕs powerful unique ability such as "Teleport" and "Suck Blood", which would heat up the battle even further!
Not Alone is an asymmetrical card game, in whitch one player (the creature) plays against the rest (the hunted). If you play as one of the Hunted, you will explore Artemia using Place cards. By playing these and Survival cards, you will try to avoid, confuse or distract the creature until help arrives. If you play as the Creature, you will stalk and pursue the shipwrecked survivors. By playing your hunt cards and using the mysterious powers of Artemia, you will try to wear down the Hunted and assimilate them to the planet forever.
Starting chess
The second book of go
Roll for the Galaxy
Master pieces : the story of chess : the pieces, players and passion of 1,000 years
Another criminal is on the run and Sherlock Holmes has a lead! Of cource, héll have the culprit behind bars in no time. Unless you beat him at his own game! Holmes isńt the only capable mind in London and it́s about time someonenoticed! With the help of your associates, gather evidence, follow the clues, and use your power of deduction to solve the case before the great Sherlock Holmes! Whatever will remain, however improbable, must be the truth.
Rivals for Catan puts you in charge of one of the two factions developing newlysettled Catan. Use your unique card mix to create your own principality. Explore and settle new lands. Acquire resources through card play and the luck of the dice. Use gold, resource combinations, and trade to develop your domain. Expand your settlements and cities, recruit heroes, and defend your lands through politics, invention and intrigue. Use your cunning! Become Prince of Catan!
Game of thrones : The trivia game
Black Gold
Shax : the preferred game of our camel-herders and other traditional African entertainments
In the beginning : the opening in the game of Go
Games : from backgammon to blackjack - learn to play the world's favourite games
"Small things forgotten" : locks and keys & board games
Hikaru no go. 18 : six characters, six stories
Backgammon for the serious player
Kings of Mithril
SpongeBob Squarepants junior bingo
Game play : paratextuality in contemporary board games
