http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27566 getting rich
getting rich
Geographic distribution of selected contaminants in Great Blue Herons from the St. Lawrence River system, Québec (1989-1994)
The accidental apprentice
Migraciâ tâželyh metallov i radionuklidov v zvene: počva - rastenie (korm, racion) - životnoe - produkt životnovodstva - čelovek : (materialy vtorogo meždunarodnogo simpoziuma, 28-30 marta 2000 g.) = Migration of heavy metals and radionuclides in the system: soil - plant (feed, ratio) - animal - animal breeding produce - human being : (Second International Symposium background, March 28-30, 2000)
Selenium in agriculture and the environment : proceedings of a symposium sponsored by Divions A-5, S-2, S-4, and S-7 of the American Society of Agronomy and Soil Science Society of America in New Orleans, LA 2 Dec. 1986
Lionel Asbo : state of England
The Box
Plants as biomonitors : indicators for heavy metals in the terrestrial environment
Molly's millions
Musk compounds in the Nordic environment
Mrs Moneypenny's financial advice for independent women
Hatching Twitter : a true story of money, power, friendship and betrayal
The king of torts
Fishbowl
Wallace D. Wattles' the science of getting rich : a modern-day interpretation of a personal finance classic
Gone astray
Chemical properties of air-dried samples from an unlimed and limed acid sulphate soil profile and leaching of elements from the profiles
Hang on to your whiskers!
Empire V : the Prince of Hamlet
The mark and the void / Paul Murray
The millionaire next door : the suprising secrets of American wealthy
Report of the Norwegian Antarctic Research Expedition 1997/98
Why we can't afford the rich
In the darkness
The great Gatsby - Kultahattu = The great Gatsby
The honeymooners
Assessing the hazard of metals and inorganic metal substances in aquatic and terrestrial systems
The great Gatsby
Accumulation of cyanobacterial hepatotoxins and okadaic acid in mussel and fish tissues from the Baltic Sea
Ubai setthi = The rich man's trick
The box
The night falling
The rich and how they got that way : how the wealthiest people of all time - from Genghis Khan to Bil Gates - made their fortunes
The wolf of Wall Street
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Secrets of the richest man who ever lived : 31 master secrets from the life of King Solomon
Migraciâ tâželyh metallov i radionuklidov v zvene: počva - rastenie (korm, racion) - životnoe - produkt životnovodstva - čelovek : materialy tret'ej naučnoj konferencii, 26-28 marta 2001 g. = Migration of heavy metals and radionuclides in the system: soil - plant (feed, ratio) - animal - animal breeding produce - human being : third scientific conference background, March 26-28 2001
The great Gatsby - Kultahattu : The great Gatsby
The black tulip
Effect of aquatic biota and black carbon on the Baltic cycle of polyprominated flame retardants
How rich countries got rich ... and why poor countries stay poor
This book offers a gripping and shocking insight into the lives of Russia's most famous oligarchs from New York Times bestselling author of The Accidental Billionaires and Bringing Down the House. 'Once upon a time in Russia' is the story of modern day Russia through the eyes of some of the most powerful and wealthy people in the world: the oligarchs. The story starts in the early 1990s with the formation of the huge oil company Sibneft owned by Roman Abramovich (with help from Boris Berezovsky), and takes the reader right through from Boris Yeltsin's resignation on New Year's Eve of the millennium, Putin's rise to power and Alexander Litvinenko's assassination to Berezkovsky's court case against Abramovich in 2011, which was the largest civil court case in British legal history. Told in an intimate narrative voice that makes you feel part of the action, but at an exhilarating pace that is typical of Mezrich, 'Once upon a time in Russia' is his most hard-hitting and pertinent work yet.
The Luminaries : a novel
Straight flush : the college kids who dealt their way to a billion-dollar online poker empire - and how it all came crashing down
Practical prosperity magick : crafting success & abundance
Environmental mobilization of mercury and cadmium : final research report to the Research Council for the Environmental Sciences, Academy of Finland
"Why aren't I as wealthy as I should be?" Many people ask this question of themselves all the time. Often they are hard-working, well educated middle- to high-income people. Why, then, are so few affluent. For nearly two decades the answer has been found in the bestselling The Millionaire Next Door: The Surprising Secrets of America's Wealthy, reissued with a new foreword for the twenty-first century. According to the authors, most people have it all wrong about how you become wealthy in America. Wealth in America is more often the result of hard work, diligent savings, and living below your means than it is about inheritance, advance degrees, and even intelligence. The Millionaire Next Door identifies seven common traits that show up again and again among those who have accumulated wealth. You will learn, for example, that millionaires bargain shop for used cars, pay a tiny fraction of their wealth in income tax, raise children who are often unaware of their family's wealth until they are adults, and, above all, reject the big-spending lifestyles most of us associate with rich people. In fact, you will learn that the flashy millionaires glamorized in the media represent only a tiny minority of America's rich. Most of the truly wealthy in this country don't live in Beverly Hills or on Park Avenue-they live next door.
The millionaires
A step by step : guide to becoming a millionaire
"From "America's best novelist" (The Denver Post): A sprawling thriller drenched with atmosphere and intrigue that takes a young boy from a chance encounter with Bonnie and Clyde to the trenches of World War II and the oil fields along the Texas-Louisiana coast. It is 1934 and the Depression is bearing down when sixteen-year-old Weldon Avery Holland happens upon infamous criminals Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow / WorldCat.
How the West grew rich : the economic transformation of the industrial world
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
How to be rich
The science of getting rich : attracting financial success through creative thought
Tells the tragic love story of Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan.
Mercury accumulation in zoobenthos : an important mechanism for the transport of mercury from sediment to fish
Regime shifts in lake ecosystems : pattern and variation
The millionaire next door : the surprising secrets of America's wealthy
Roman thought he'd found the perfect opportunity to rebel. He may have been wrong. He awakens strapped to a set of parallel bars in a richly appointed sitting room, and begins a conversation with a masked man which will change his life. His world has been a facade - one which the mysterious Brahma is about to tear away. A stunning novel about the real world, and about the hidden chanels of power behind the scenes, EMPIRE V is a post-modern satirical novel exploring the cults and corruption of politics, banking and power. And not only are these cults difficult to join - it turns out they may be impossible to leave ...
Cadmium, a challenge for organisms : agricultural perspectives
Fate and effects of Nodularia spumigena and its toxin, nodularin, in Baltic Sea planktonic food webs
Critical loads for sulphur and nitrogen : report from a workshop held at Skokloster, Sweden, 19-24 March, 1988
Inheritance
A pocketful of holes and dreams
How to make a fortune on the internet : a guide for anyone who wants to create a massive - and passive - income for life
Who wants to be a millionaire? : anachronistic ideals in late modern folklore
