http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2759 transcription (arrangements)
transcription (arrangements)
The Mystery : transcriptions
Signal processing methods for drum transcription and music structure analysis
Taking center stage : a lifetime of live performance : Neil Peart
Automatic transcription of pitch content in music and selected applications
Songs of Leonard Cohen
Blaze of glory : inspired by the film Young Guns II
Herb Alpert collection
Let your dim light shine : authentic guitar-tab edition
Dance of the rainbow serpent : authentic guitar-tab edition. Volume two, Soul
THE BEST OF LOS LOBOS
The new real book. 3, C-version
Motown bass classics : 21 of the greatest songs..
In God we trust : Isaiah 53:5 : authentic record transcriptions
Chicago : 12 great hits. Volume 2
The Monkees
Complete Beatles transcriptions. The blue book
Real illusions : Reflections
25 great country guitar solos : featuring legends of lead guitar, including Chet Atkins, Brad Paisley, Vince Gill ... [et al.] : transcriptions, lessons, bios, photos
Chicago. Volume 1
The Carole King keyboard book / : note-for-note keyboard transcriptions
Classic bluegrass solos for mandolin
Friday night in San Francisco
The Glenn Gould silver jubilee album
Mexican songs for guitar
Groovebasso 1
Swing guitar interpretations
Ram it down : Authentic record transcriptions
The new real book : Eb version. Vol. 2
The best of Van Morrison for guitar
Eric Clapton : the guitar anthology : volume two
The Beatles : 12 favorite classics
Swing to bop : the music of Charlie Christian, pioneer of the electric guitar : 39 classic solo transcriptions
Lennie and Ornette : searching for freedom in improvisation : observations on the music of Lennie Tristano and Ornette Coleman
The best of Bonnie Raitt
David Sanborn collection
The Beatles 1967-1970 / Guitar tab edition
The Gold Star Years : classic blues
Where are they now? : surf & spy guitar : instrumental twang guitar classic
Documents of ancient Greek music : the extant melodies and fragments
The great escape
The John Pearse album of ragtime solos
John Patitucci
The best of Steve Winwood for guitar : includes super-tab notation
The Scott Henderson guitar book
Structural damage : guitar with tablature
Play guitar with... Pulp
The all-jazz real book : C-version
Play piano with... Nina Simone
The transcriber's art : selected articles from Soundboard 1996-2006
Complete Beatles transcriptions. The yellow book
Melodic organization in four solos by Ornette Coleman
Lennie and Ornette searching for freedom in improvisation : observations on the music of Lennie Tristano and Ornette Coleman
Signature licks : a step-by-step breakdown of his playing technique
Complete Beatles transcriptions. The red book
Randy Brecker
Eat 'em and smile
How I play (some of) my favorite songs : 10 easy-to-play classics
Rage Against the Machine : Bass recorded versions
The Beatles
The new real book : jazz classics, choice standards, pop-fusion classics. [1], C and vocal version
Happiness is... a good transcription : reconsidering the Beatles sheet music publications
Chord melody standards : for guitar
Paul McCartney : playing the great Beatles basslines
Complete Beatles transcriptions. The green book
Jazz classics : featuring the Jazz Arts Trio : play 7 songs with notation and sound-alike CD tracks
The Kinks
Reaching for the uncommon chord : guitar transcriptions, text, performance notes, & photos
The world of the gorrlaus slåtts : a morphological investigation of a branch of Norwegian fiddle music tradition
The new real book : created by musicians - for musicians. Vol. 2 : C - vocal version
Way to blue : an introduction to Nick Drake
Jam with The Beatles. Volume 2
Anthology
New Orleans piano legends : piano solo
Best of Tower Of Power for bass
The best of James Taylor
The new real book : C - vocal version. Vol. 2
Chet Atkins "off the record" : Chet's Favorite Recorded Solos
Robert Johnson : king of the delta blues
Herb Alpert complete
Jazz transcription : Developing jazz improvisational skills through solo transcription and analysis
Best of David Bowie : the definitive collection for guitar
Challenge the masters : guitar transcriptions of classics arranged for rock and metal guitarists
The Best of Steppenwolf
Elvis Presley
Jazz transcriptions series two. Guitar
The music of Paul Chambers
The new real book : jazz classics, choice standards, pop-fusion classics : created by musicians - for musicians. [Vol. 1] : C and vocal version
Motown bass classics : 21 of the greatest songs 8
Mingus : a critical biography
The jazz style of John Coltrane
Transcription of Kola Saami music
Jeff Beck's guitar shop : guitar vocal
Civil war songs and ballads for guitar
The very best of blues : blues kings
