http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27565 models (occupations)
models (occupations)
Fashion openness : applying an open source philosophy to the paradigm of fashion
'My name is Harriet Manners, and I am a geek' ...  Harriet Manners knows many facts. And she knows everything there is to know about Paris - except what to do when you're the hottest new model at Fashion Week. Can Harriet find her je ne sais quoi or will it be sacre bleu! on the runway?
Intelligent leadership and leadership competencies : developing a leadership framework for intelligent organizations
Cost accounting vs. Cost management : Product costing for managerial decision making : Joint Stock Company "Apatite" (Russia)
Women and leadership : the state of play and strategies for change
Conceptual foundations of occupational therapy
Implementing a scalable marketing model for Launzer.com : case : Kalevala Jewerly
It's up to you New York
3D multimedia tour of the Armstrong Siddeley building
Business plan for a Chinese furniture company
In search of Africa
The skilled helper : a problem-management and opportunity-development approach to helping
Degree-oriented professional adult education in the work environment : a case study of the main determinants in the management of a long-term technology education process
Dress skinny : perfecting your style, flattering your body, and looking fabulous
A beautiful model's death uncovers an ugly conspiracy stretching all the way to Westminster in Rosie Gilmour's darkest case to date. When rags-to-riches Scots supermodel Bella Mason plunges to her death from the roof of a glitzy Madrid hotel, everyone assumes it was suicide. Except that one person saw exactly what happened to Bella that night, and she definitely didn't jump. But Millie Chambers has no one she can tell - alcoholic, depressed herself and now sectioned by her bullying politician husband, who would believe her? And that's not all Millie knows. Being close to the heart of Westminster power can lead to discovering some awful secrets... Back in Glasgow, Rosie's research into Bella's life leads to her brother, separated from her in care years before. Dan is now a homeless heroin addict and rent boy, but what he reveals about Bella's early life is electrifying: organised sexual abuse in care homes across Glasgow. Bella had tracked him down so that they could tell the world their story. And now she's dead. As Rosie's drive to expose the truth leads her closer to Millie and the shameful secrets she has kept for so many years, it becomes clear that what she's about to discover could prove fatal: a web of sexual abuse linking powerful figures across the nation, and the rot at the very heart of the British Establishment...
Economic models of trade unions
I'll never write my memoirs
3-D Coventry University campus tour
Linking theory and practice : learning networks at the service of workplace innovation
The house of eyes
Designing a New Project Model to Nammo Lapua Oy Vihtavuori Plant
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
Developing a concept store model case study
Suicidal alcoholics, meterosexual family men and other heroes? : representations of modern athletic hero
Interior Textile : Leaves Hut
Labour unions, public policy and economic growth
Conceptual  bases of professional nursing
The fashion book
Strategic trade policy in a two-sector duopoly model with an endogenous union structure
International labor union policy and growth with creative destruction
Opettajuus Learning by developing -toimintamallissa
In this paper we examine the feasibility of data from unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-borne aerial imagery in stand-level forest inventory. As airborne sensor platforms, UAVs offer advantages cost and flexibility over traditional manned aircraft in forest remote sensing applications in small areas, but they lack range and endurance in larger areas. On the other hand, advances in the processing of digital stereo photography make it possible to produce three-dimensional (3D) forest canopy data on the basis of images acquired using simple lightweight digital camera sensors. In this study, an aerial image orthomosaic and 3D photogrammetric canopy height data were derived from the images acquired by a UAV-borne camera sensor. Laser-based digital terrain model was applied for estimating ground elevation. Features extracted from orthoimages and 3D canopy height data were used to estimate forest variables of sample plots. K-nearest neighbor method was used in the estimation, and a genetic algorithm was applied for selecting an appropriate set of features for the estimation task. Among the selected features, 3D canopy features were given the greatest weight in the estimation supplemented by textural image features. Spectral aerial photograph features were given very low weight in the selected feature set. The accuracy of the forest estimates based on a combination of photogrammetric 3D data and orthoimagery from UAV-borne aerial imaging was at a similar level to those based on airborne laser scanning data and aerial imagery acquired using purpose-built aerial camera from the same study area..
IT-standardisation process in mSYS : Sonera Oyj
New sawing patterns give improved properties of wood products
Picasso prints : the Vollard suite
Job rotation - European models
Making a difference : a report on Learning by Developing : innovation in higher education at Laurea University of Applied Sciences
Daring to dream
Assessment of Savonia Business model analytics for starting entrepreneurs : design industry
Statistical collaboratibe analytics platform as a business environment
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Models of influence : 50 women who reset the course of fashion
Four stories of superwomen : manifestations of feminine charasteristics in succesful leading of animation productions
The look
Paris red : a novel
Love, lipstick and lies
Kill me twice
Strike a pose, Daizy Star
Constructing an opportunity centred collaborative learning model through and for entrepreneurship
Conceptual foundations of occupational therapy practice
Unmanned aerial system imagery and photogrammetric canopy height data in area-based estimation of forest variables
A model of human occupation : theory and application
Theory and nursing : integrated knowledge development
Model of human occupation : theory and application
Airhead
Ethics and engineering
Journalism in change : journalistic culture in Poland, Russia and Sweden
Perspectives on nursing theory
The first thing you see
Towards regional development by Higher Education Institutions : an empirical study of a University of Applied Sciences
On-the-job learning in Finland : the education system under the National Board of Education
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Wage determination, taxes, and employment : evidence from Finland
An Ideal Educational Model for Nurse Education
Madison Square tragedy : the murder of Stanford White
Business models in internet service : case Gogolf oy
On relative pay and union egalitarianism
The student nurse handbook : a survival guide
Champagne supernovas : Kate Moss, Marc Jacobs, Alexander McQueen, and the '90s renegades who remade fashion
