http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2752 timetables
timetables
Bradshaw's continental railway guide and general handbook : illustrated with local and other maps, special edition 3/6
Application of MILP-based methods to a class of industrial production scheduling problems
Fundamentals of Project Management
Fundamentals of technology project management
Solving challenging real-world scheduling problems
Production management for film and video
Eurail and train travel guide to the world. 1998.
The fast forward MBA in project management
Erityiskohteiden ajallisen työnsuunnittelun ATK-sovellutus = ADP-application of schedules and resources planning for special projects
Comprehensive guide to project management schedule and cost control : methods and models for managing thr project lifecycle
Abstract.
Supply chain management
Gothic painted altar frontals from the churhc of Tingelstad
The time trap : the classic book on time management
Additional insight into the performance of a new heuristic for solving spatially constrained forest planning problems
Clarification and comparison of cast in place and precast construction costs and schedules in Thailand using the BIM modeling
Operations management : a system approach
Theory of scheduling
This thesis is the result of a failed project in which its author was tasked to create a Single Sign-On access controller for Conmio Ltd, the orderer of the thesis. The goal was to provide a custom-built solution for Conmio that would fit the company's internal needs in a way which other general purpose systems couldn't.    The even initially ambitious goal was further on expanded after a questionnaire was performed to collect the company's internal requirements and more importantly by the lacking definition of limits for the system's core component, Role Base Access Control based access controller which both together caused the scope of the project to go way beyond the desirable scope for a single-man project. As a result, the project failed after being delayed in total for over a year.    The analysis of this thesis focuses on the reasons which caused the actual project to fail. As a conclusion a better way of approaching a similar piece of work is suggested.
Journeys in time
Project planning, scheduling & control : the ultimate hands-on guide to bringing projects in on time and on budget
Manual of travel agency practice
Time management for dummies
Scheduling algorithms
European rail timetable. Summer 2010
Determining the most economical order interval
Information technology project management
Project planning, scheduling & control : a hands-on guide to bringing projects in on time and on budget
Production scheduling
This Bachelor's Thesis evaluates open source job scheduling frameworks for the Java programming language. The evaluation is based on selected business- and technical requirements which are used as the evaluation criteria. The evaluation process has three phases and the evaluation process was used with standard project methodology. This thesis contains the first two phases and the third phase is a separate empirical implementation and test of the selected Java job scheduling framework. There is separate documentation for the empirical part containing a technical description and a developer's guide. In the first phase, an initial coarse evaluation of the Java job scheduling frameworks is conducted to find the most suitable frameworks for the second phase evaluation. In the second phase, a more detailed evaluation of the Java job scheduling frameworks is conducted for those frameworks selected in the first phase. Based on the evaluation results of the different Java job scheduling frameworks an empirical test application is implemented, separately from this evaluation, with the job scheduling framework which best meets the evaluation criteria. The separate documents include an installation guide and a technical description.
Viability of part cargoes in tramp shipping company's routing and scheduling decisions
Introduction to information systems project management
Realtime travel information
168 hours : you have more time than you think
Overcoming information overload
Production control and planning with Lean construction and Location based management
Construction project scheduling and control
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to design Kanban system and create implementation plan for a laundry business case Ravanin Pesula Oy. Washing process was targeted for designing since it plays an important role in controlling inventory level at Ravanin. The thesis project was carried out with ambitious of designing a reliable and applicable Kanban system together with manageable implementation plan using various studies about Kanban, author's working experiences as well as supporting from Ravanin in gathering data. The implementation in action would be up to the case company to whether apply it into their washing process using the designed Kanban size and signal, or modified it according to their preferences.  The theory approach was focus on two mains sections including designing Kanban system and creating implementation plan. The idea of Kanban in Lean manufacturing was first provided as well giving the reasons why Kanban would be an ideal option to utilize time for production planning as well as minimise inventory level. The theories for designing Kanban system was described step by step, starting from collecting and conducting data, to sizing the Kanban and finally developing the Kanban design. Meanwhile, how to apply the Kanban into manufacturing environment was added as well which is known as implementation plan consisting training plan, start up the Kanban and dealing with rising problems, and audit the Kanban.  The empirical part was in the same order as the theoretical part meaning that data was collected through face to face interview with Ravanin and then being conducted using theoretical guideline. The Kanban size was calculated based on not only conducted data but also author's working experiences so that it would match company's expectation and working manner. In developing the Kanban design, three different Kanban designs were selected due to its demand and distance between washing process and downstream processes. The last but not least section was to create implementation plan for the designed Kanban. The training plan was provided defining who to train, what to train and how. In addition, the rising problems when first starting the Kanban and its solutions were given as well to increase the benefits of Kanban. For managing and improving Kanban, audit process and approach were explained in the way that support the company in utilizing the Kanban's performance in scheduling production as well as managing inventory level. Keywords: Kanban, inventory management, Lean manufacturing, visual schedule, production planning.
Construction project time management in Iran
Time & stress management for rookies
Improvment of project management in a SME Company
Production management for television
Smart Guide to Managing Your Time
Pump schedule optimisation techniques for water distribution systems
Implementing Lean construction techniques for improving project value: an analytical approach for the Gulf construction industry
Thomas Cook European timetable : railway and shipping services throughout Europe
How to get things done without trying too hard
Faster construction projects with CPM scheduling
Handbook on scheduling : from theory to applications
Effects of maintenance plan to fleet availability
Construction scheduling : principles and practices
Do it tomorrow : and other secrets of time management
Getting started in project management
Capacitated timing of mobile and flexible service resources
Construction productivity : a practical guide for building and electrical contractors
Influences on building construction project time delivery : the Ghanaian client's and practitioner's perspective
Project management performance in building development : the interaction of a building development with adjacent properties
Brown's nautical almanac : daily tide tables for 2009
Developing an access controller for Conmio Ltd's services
Special event production : the process
Boasting sales of more than 200,000 copies, "Fundamentals of Project Management "has helped generations of project managers navigate the ins and outs of every aspect of this complex discipline. But much has changed in recent years. Fully updated in accordance with the latest version of the" Project Management Body of Knowledge" (PMBOK(R)), the fifth edition of this classic text remains the perfect introduction to the subject, showing readers how to: Clarify project goals and objectives - Develop a work breakdown structure - Create a project risk plan - Produce a realistic schedule - Manage change requests - Control and evaluate progress at every stage - Lead the project team The book contains new information and expanded coverage on topics including estimating; stakeholder management; procurement management; creating a communication plan; project closure; requirements for PMP certification; and much more. Chock full of tools, techniques, examples, and instructive exercises, this up-to-the-minute guide will help you plan and execute projects on time, on budget - and with maximum efficiency.
Production planning and industrial scheduling : examples, case studies, and applications
Optimising the management of a heterogeneous stand
The project workout : a toolkit for reaping the rewards from all your business projects
Game design : the art & business of creating games
Effective project management
The Perfect Project Manager
How to get things done: without trying too hard
Urban traffic analysis with bus location data
Guide to postproduction for TV and film : managing the process
First-time filmmaker F*#-ups : navigating the pitfalls to making a great movie
Managing time : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Information technology project management : providing measurable organizational value
Evaluation of job scheduling frameworks for Java programming language
Production and operations management : text and cases
Brown's nautical almanac : daily tide tables for.... 2008
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
Operations management : multimedia version
Combined continuous- and discrete-time modelling of production planning problems with aging profile requirements
Project management: principles, processes and practice
Fundamentals of project management
Development of a delay cost management optimisation program
Designing Kanban system and implementation plan for a laundry business
An integrated model-based approach for systems engineering : towards the use of model-based approach in the early development stages of the systems engineering process
Cruise management : information and decision support systems
The global airline industry
Multi-product multi-purpose machine scheduling in dynamic environments
Bradshaw's continental railway guide : 1853 railway handbook of Europe
The optimization of project management processes in PERI's application engineering operations
