http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27551 gentrification
gentrification
Urban sociology : a global introduction
English abstract
How the poor can save capitalism : rebuilding the path to the middle class
The cosmopolitan canopy : race and civility in everyday life
"This book has a simple message for business leaders: you help yourselves by helping the poor. Instead of feeling as if the economy is working against them, the poor need to feel they have a stake in it so they will buy your products and put money in the bank. Supporting poor people's efforts to move into the middle class is the only way to enrich everyone, rich and poor alike"--
Low caste but middle-class : some religious strategies for middle-class identification in Hyderabad
" The American economy is stalled because business and political leaders are ignoring the one force that could truly re-energize their companies and the economy: the poor. The massive economic energy and potential of the poor and the struggling middle class has been left on the sidelines. John Hope Bryant's stirring book shows how this came to be and lays out some simple ideas for making the economy work again--for everyone. The poor are not stupid or lazy, but they know when the system is stacked against them. Business loans, home loans, and financial investments have vanished from their communities. The path up to the middle class has disappeared, while the path down from the middle class is in danger of becoming a superhighway. The future of our nation fully depends on overturning powerful myths about how the economy works. Fully 70 percent of the American economy is driven by consumer spending, but more and more consumers have less and less to spend and feel like the deck is stacked against them. When business leaders begin to value the poor and understand that helping them succeed will help the economy thrive, we'll be well on our way to restoring the American Dream of equal economic opportunity"--
Planetary gentrification
Resource revolution : how to capture the biggest business opportunity in a century
The suburbanization of New York : is the world's greatest city becoming just another town?
You don't have to live like this : a novel
