http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27596 Middle East crisis
Middle East crisis
The last secret of the temple
Gaza in crisis : reflections on Israel's war against the Palestinians
Palestine and the Palestinians in the 21st century
Ethnic conflict and international politics in the Middle East
Palestinian militants in the prisons of the Zionist occupation
Peacekeeping and the international system
A PLO State : mortal danger
Obama and the Middle East : The end of America's moment?
Explains the changes underway in the countries engulfed by the Arab Spring as they embark on a journey from dictatorship to democracy, and looks at how religious and secular tensions threaten the very fabric of society in Israel.
How to cure a fanatic
Myths and facts 1980 : a concise record of the Arab-Israeli conflict
Considering calamity : methods for performance research
Bank panics in transition economies
ISIS : the state of terror
In the skin of a jihadist : inside Islamic State's recruitment networks
Childhood under conflict : the attitudes and emotional life of Israeli and Palestinian children
Zionism and the quest for justice in the Holy Land
Crisis in the Middle East
Palestinians and human rights : a study of conditions in the occupied Arab territories
Strike hard, strike sure - Operation Musketeer : British military planning during the Suez Crisis, 1956
Death as a way of life : dispatches from Jerusalem
Islam and the West : conflict or cooperation?
United Nations resolutions on the Palestine question
The Arab-Israeli conflict : a historical, political, social, and military bibliography
Language and society in the Middle East and North Africa
The Politically incorrect guide to the Middle East
Joining forces with Israeli cop Arieh Ben-Roi, Egyptian detective Yusuf Khalifa investigates the discovery of a body at an isolated archaeological site, a death he connects with a murdered Israeli, which ultimately leads to an enigma dating back to 70 A.D.
The promise of integrated multicultural and bilingual education : inclusive Palestinian-Arab and Jewish schools in Israel : what happens to children when adults find solutions to problems they do not have
Palestine/Israel : peace or apartheid : prospects for resolving the conflict
Gaza : a history
A history of modern Palestine : one land, two peoples
"The story of how 40 years of violence and terror were used by Zionists to achieve the transformation of Palestine into a Jewish state." / WorldCat.
The iron wall : Israel and the Arab World
"Christians and the Middle East Conflict deals with the relationship of Christians and Christian theology to the various conflicts in the Middle East, a topic that is often sensationalized but still insufficiently understood. Political developments over the last two decades, however, have prompted observers to rediscover and examine the central role religious motivations play in shaping public discourses. This book proceeds on the assumption that neither a focus on the eschatological nor a narrow understanding of the plight of Christians in the Middle East is sufficient. Instead, it is necessary to understand Christians in context and to explore the ways that Christian theology applies through the actions of Christians who have lived and continue to live through conflict in the region either as native inhabitants or interested foreign observers. This volume addresses issues of concern to Christians from a theological perspective, from the perspective of Christian responses to conflict throughout history, and in reflection on the contemporary realities of Christians in the Middle East. The essays in this volume combine contextual political and theological reflections written by both scholars and Christian activists and will be of interest to students and scholars of Politics, Religion and Middle East Studies."
In his iconoclastic and controversial study, Norman G. Finkelstein moves from an interrogation of the place the Holocaust has come to occupy in global culture to a disturbing examination of recent Holocaust compensation settlements. It was not until the Arab–Israeli War of 1967, when Israel’s evident strength brought it into line with US foreign policy, that memory of the Holocaust began to acquire the exceptional prominence it has today. Recalling Holocaust fraudsters such as Jerzy Kosiński and Binjamin Wilkomirski, as well as the demagogic constructions of writers like Daniel Goldhagen, Finkelstein contends that the main danger posed to the memory of Nazism’s victims comes from some of the very people who profess most passionately to defend it. Drawing on a wealth of untapped sources, he exposes the double shakedown of European countries and legitimate Jewish claimants, and concludes that the Holocaust industry has become an outright extortion racket.
Bad news from Israel
Christians and the Middle East conflict
Generation Palestine : voices from the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement
Inside/Outside brings together six dynamic Palestinian playwrights from both Occupied Palestine and the Diaspora, making it the very first collection of its kind. These plays take on Palestinian history and culture with irreverence, humor, and, above all, an electrifying creativity. This anthology will be a vital contribution to world theater, introducing six political, social, and culturally relevant plays by Palestinian authors living inside the country, and those of descent living outside.
Resurrecting Empire : western footprints and America's perilous path in the Middle East
The Israel/Palestine question : a reader
Shifting sands : the unravelling of the old order in the Middle East
In search of peace : part1: 1948-1967
1948 : a history of the first Arab-Israeli war
How to understand Israel in 60 days or less
In search of the self : reconciling the past and the present in immigrants' experience
Palestinian walks : notes on a vanishing landscape
Embattled neighbors : Syria, Israel, and Lebanon
The women's role in the Palestine national struggle
Suez : Britain's end of empire in the Middle East
Great Britain, the United States and the security of the Middle East : the formation of the Baghdad Pact
The Judaization of Jerusalem
"The Promise of Integrated and Multicultural Bilingual Education presents the results of a long-term ethnographic study of integrated bilingual Palestinian-Jewish schools in Israel that offer a new educational option to two groups of Israelis--Palestinians and Jews--who have been in conflict for the last one hundred years"--
"The Promise of Integrated and Multicultural Bilingual Education presents the results of a long-term ethnographic study of the integrated bilingual Palestinian-Jewish schools in Israel that offer a new educational option to two groups of Israelis--Palestinians and Jews--who have been in conflict for the last one hundred years. Their goal is to create egalitarian bilingual multicultural environments to facilitate the growth of youth who can acknowledge and respect "others" while maintaining loyalty to their respective cultural traditions. In this book, Bekerman reveals the complex school practices implemented while negotiating identity and culture in contexts of enduring conflict. Data gathered from interviews with teachers, students, parents, and state officials are presented and analyzed to explore the potential and limitations of peace education given the cultural resources, ethnic-religious affiliations, political beliefs, and historical narratives of the various interactants. The book concludes with critique of Western positivist paradigmatic perspectives that currently guide peace education, maintaining that one of the primary weaknesses of current bilingual and multicultural approaches to peace education is their failure to account for the primacy of the political framework of the nation state and the psychologized educational perspectives that guide their educational work. Change, it is argued, will only occur after these perspectives are abandoned, which entails critically reviewing present understandings of the individual, of identity and culture, and of the learning process"--
Holy war in Judaism : the fall and rise of a controversial idea
P.L.O : ideology, positions and deeds
State of terror : how terrorism created modern Israel
Late modern Palestine : the subject and representation of the second intifada
One state, two states : resolving the Israel/Palestine conflict
A war of words : language and conflict in the Middle East
The one-state condition : occupation and democracy in Israel/Palestine
To the end of the land
Cursed victory : a history of Israel and the occupied territories
Western strategies and the prospect of reforms in the Middle East
The six day war
Challenging complex realities : the paradiplomacy of the Palestinian minority citizens of the state of Israel?
Summary.
Saddam's war : the origins of the Kuwait conflict and the international response
Through its millennium-long existence, Gaza has often been bitterly disputed while simultaneously and paradoxically enduring prolonged neglect. Squeezed between the Negev and Sinai desert on the one hand and the Mediterranean Sea on the other, Gaza was contested by the Pharaohs, the Persians, the Greeks, the Romans, the Byzantines, the Arabs, the Fatimids, the Mamluks, the Crusaders, and the Ottomans. Napoleon had to secure it in 1799 to launch his failed campaign on Palestine. In 1917, the British Empire fought for months to conquer Gaza, before establishing its mandate on Palestine. In 1948, 20,000 Palestinians sought refuge in Gaza, a marginal area that neither Israel nor Egypt wanted. Palestinian nationalism grew there, and Gaza has since found itself at the heart of Palestinian history.
Brokers of deceit : how the US has undermined peace in the Middle East
Foresight for conflict prevention in the Middle East : phase II: recommendations for policy action : final report
The origins of the Arab-Israeli wars
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1998, 12 : Middle East stalemate : what hopes for progress now?
United Nations resolutions on Palestine and the Arab-Israeli conflict
Checkpoint watch : testimonies from occupied Palestine
EU and the Mediterranean : foreign policy and security
The Palestinian exodus 1948-1998
Peace is possible in the Middle East : the Stella formula
The Holocaust Industry: Reflections on the Exploitation of Jewish Suffering
Britain and France in the Middle East and North Africa, 1914-1967
Arab-Iranian rivalry in the Persian Gulf : territorial disputes and the balance of power in the Middle East
The origins of the cold war in the Near East : great power conflict and diplomacy in Iran, Turkey, and Greece
The Middle East in the media : conflicts, censorship and public opinion
The invention of history : a century of interplay between theology and politics in Palestine
Tyrant. The Complete First Season
The long way home
My promised land : the triumph and tragedy of Israel
Digital militarism : Israel's occupation in the social media age
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
Inside/outside : six plays from Palestine and diaspora
The Arab-Israeli conflict : its history in maps
The end of the peace process : Oslo and after
Power, politics and culture : interviews with Edward W. Said
Myths and facts : Israel or Palestine?
The book analyzes major theological trends and shifts of the twentieth century and focuses on the Interplay between Theology and Politics regarding Israel and Palestine.
Israel's occupation has been transformed in the social media age. Violent politics are interwoven with global networking practices, protocols, and aesthetics. Israeli soldiers carry smartphones into the field of military operations, sharing mobile uploads in real time. Official Israeli military spokesmen announce wars on Twitter. And civilians encounter state violence first on their news feeds and mobile screens. Across the globe, the ordinary tools of social networking have become indispensable instruments of warfare and violent conflict. This book traces the rise of Israeli digital militarism in a global context—both the reach of social media into Israeli military theaters and the occupation's impact on everyday Israeli social media culture. Today, social media functions as a crucial theater in which the Israeli military occupation is supported and sustained.
The general's son : journey of an Israeli in Palestine
Conflict in the Middle East
Small wars, faraway places : the genesis of the modern world: 1945-65
Palestine in Israeli school books : ideology and propaganda in education
The new Middle East : the world after the Arab Spring
The Arab-Israeli conflict 1945-79
The Palestinian people : a history
The Arab-Israeli conflict in the media : producing shared memory and national identity in the global television era
Blaming the victims : spurious scholarship and the Palestinian question
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
