http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27550 Sikhs
Sikhs
Popular Sikh art. W. H. McLeod
The Sikhs today
Forging the Raj : essays on British India in the heyday of empire
Sikh diaspora : theory, agency, and experience
Critical events : an anthropological perspective on contemporary India
Ethnic Asian rhythms for the modern drummer
Contributed papers on Sikh history; previously presented at the various sessions of Indian History Congress.
Sikhism and history
The arts of the Sikh kingdoms
Identities in practice : a trans-Atlantic ethnography of Sikh immigrants in Finland and in California
A history of the Sikhs. Vol. 2, 1839-1988
The South Asian diaspora : transnational networks and changing identities
Community kitchen of the Sikhs
Calcutta mosaic : essays and interviews on the minority communities of Calcutta
The obscure logic of the heart
When sparrows became hawks : the making of the Sikh warrior tradition, 1699-1799
Young Sikhs in a global world : negotiating traditions, identities and authorities
A deadly Cambodian crime spree
The making of Sikh scripture
Sikh Diaspora: Theory, Agency, and Experience is a collection of essays offering new insights into the diverse experiences of Sikhs beyond the Punjab. The essays in this volume engage with diaspora theory, agency, space, social relations, and aesthetics.
Diaspora and identity : perspectives on south Asian diaspora
Sikhs in Europe are neglected in the study of religions and migrant groups. Studies in past decades have focused on the history, culture and religious practices of Sikhs in North America and the UK, but few have focused on Sikhs in continental Europe. This book fills this gap, offering new empirical data and theoretical analyses of Sikhs in eleven European countries. Divided into three sections - Sikhs in Northern and Eastern Europe, Sikhs in Southern Europe, and Sikhs in UK and Ireland - this book examines the broader European presence of the Sikhs in new and old host countries. Focusing on patterns of migration, transmission of traditions, identity construction and cultural representations from the perspective of local Sikh communities in Europe, the authors explore general patterns of settlement, institution building and cultural transmission among the European Sikhs.
Written over the past four decades, this unique collection presents a comprehensive perspective on the Sikh tradition as a whole from the time of Guru Nanak to the present. The introduction provides a context for each essay in relation to the growing concerns in Sikh studies. All essays in the volume are based on primary sources, which are seen in the light of received wisdom and author's own understanding of historical methodology. Organized thematically the volume is divided into six sections - relevance of ideology, socio-political institutions, Sikh literature, norms of equality, new socio-cultural orientations, and cross-cultural debates.
Multi-sited fieldwork amongst Sikhs in Finland and California : reaching the offline via the online
A history of the Sikhs. Vol. 1, 1469-1839
Lives in translation : Sikh youth as British citizens
Imaginary journeys : lectio praecursoria 18.1.2013
Who is a Sikh? : the problem of Sikh identity
Sikh nationalism and identity in a global age
Sikhs in Europe : migration, identities and representations
Young Sikhs in Finland : feeling at home nowhere, everywhere, in between and beyond
This title discusses internal differences of caste, community and gender within Sikhism and its allied communities. It examines a variety of themes such as Sikh historiography identity, music, ethics, the worldwide Sikh diaspora, and the history and the current state of scholarship in the area of Sikh studies.
"Sicques, tigers, or thieves" : eyewitness accounts of the Sikhs, 1606-1809
Rural nostalgias and transnational dreams : identity and modernity among Jat Sikhs
Sikh identity : an exploration of groups among Sikhs
Identities in practice : a trans-atlantic ethnography of Sikhs in Finland and California
Sophia : princess, suffragette, revolutionary
A frightfully English execution
The evolution of the Sikh community : five essays
The Sikhs : ideology, institutions, and identity
Studying the Sikhs : issues for North America
Sikhism in global context
Sikhs : legacy of the Punjab
Khalsa Jatha British Isles 1908-2008
Exploring Sikhism : aspects of Sikh identity, culture, and thought
History and ideology : the Khalsa over 300 years
