http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27666 photobiology
photobiology
Photobiology : the science of life and light
Abstract: Clear decrease (80-90 %) of acetylene reduction in Stereocaulon paschale and Nephroma arcticum was observed in the polluted city area of Turku (SW. Finland) within a period of three - four weeks, while nitrogenase activity remained unchanged in the specimens outside the city area. Carbon dioxide fixation in these lichens lowered 20-50 %.
Abstract: Measurements of photosynthesis were made with URAS in laboratory conditions on Nephroma arcticum, Cetraria nivalis, Parmelia olivacea and some other species in the surroundings of the Kevo Subarctic Research Station...
The quest for clean energy
The effect of defoliation history on photosynthetic rates in mountain birch
Clonal differences of aspen (Populus spp.) in responses to elevated ozone and soil nitrogen
On the effect of air pollution on nitrogen fixation in lichens
Influence of short-term low temperature on net photosynthesis in some subarctic lichens
Advanced biofuels and bioproducts. Volume 2
Introduction to biophotonics
Flux control in biological systems
www.r4photobiology.info : R packages for photobiology
Ecology of Rhacomitrium lanuginosum (Hedw.) Brid
On the effect of forest fertilizers on nitrogenase activity in two subarctic lichens
Abstract: Net photosynthesis and its dependence on temperature, light and moisture have been studied in Rhacomitrium lanuginosus (Hedw.) Brid. strains from Spitsbergen, Finnish Lapland, S Finland, W Norway, the British Isles, Austrian Alps and from S Georgia. The effect of freezing was also studied...
On the effect of continuous light on photosynthesis in mosses
Beyond the visible : a handbook of best practice in plant UV photobiology
Oxygen photoreduction in cyanobacteria
Advanced biofuels and bioproducts. Volume 1
Extended hydrogen photoproduction by nitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria
Role of temperature in the biological activity of a boreal forest
Light and photosynthesis in aquatic ecosystems
Genesis and evolution of brittle structures in southwestern Finland and western South Africa : insights into fault reactivation, fluid flow and structural maturity in Precambrian cratons
