http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27636 responsibility to protect
responsibility to protect
The colour green : a structural approach to the environment-consumption nexus
Creating sustainable prosperity in the United States : the need for innovation and leadership
Abstract.
Abstract (s. 287-292).
Responsibility to protect : a defense
Impact of the globalizing forest industry on ecosystem services : corporate responsibility and the sustainable management of coupled human-environment systems
Environmental law in Norway
Environmental protection and sustainable development : legal principles and recommendations
Forgetting children born of war : setting the human rights agenda in Bosnia and beyond
Ethics for the built environment
Wisaforest and the environment
Environmental ethics : an introduction to environmental philosophy
Liability and environment : private and public law aspects of civil liability for environmental harm in an international context
Environmental ethics : the big questions
Literature and the crime against nature
Some articles were published in 2013 in the German edition 'Die Schutzverantwortung (R2P). This edition updated and considerably enlarged.
What corporate responsibility research can give to business know-how : values, strategies and practices
The question of intervention : John Stuart Mill and the responsibility to protect
The green marketing manifesto
A green guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you, your baby (0-3) and the environment
This book shows how questions about the environment cannot be properly answered without taking a sociological approach. It provides a comprehensive guide to the ways in which sociologists have responded to the challenge of environmental issues as diverse as global warming, ozone depletion, biodiversity loss and marine pollution. It also covers sociological ideas such as risk, interpretations of nature, environmental realism, ecological modernization and globalization. Environmentalism and green politics are also introduced. Unlike many other texts in the field, the book takes a long-term view, locating environmental dilemmas within the context of social development and globalization. The Environment: A Sociological Introduction is unique in presenting environmental issues at an introductory level that assumes no specialist knowledge on the part of readers. The book is written in a remarkably clear and accessible style, and uses a rich range of empirical examples from across the globe to illustrate key debates. A carefully assembled glossary and annotated further reading suggestions also help to bring ideas to life. The book will be a valuable resource for students in a range of disciplines, including sociology, geography and the environmental sciences, but also for anyone who wants to get to grips with contemporary environmental debates.
Corporate social responsibility : a business contribution to sustainable development
Born posthumously : rethinking the shared characteristics of the ICC and R2P
This book is a further key output of TEEB (The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity). It provides important new evidence of growing corporate concern about biodiversity loss and offers examples of how some leading companies are taking action to conserve biodiversity and to restore ecosystems. It reviews indicators and drivers of biodiversity loss and ecosystem decline, and shows how these present both risks and opportunities to business. It examines the changing preferences of consumers for nature-friendly products and services, and offers examples of how companies are responding. The book also describes recent initiatives to enable businesses to measure, value and report their impacts and dependencies on biodiversity and ecosystem services. A range of practical tools to manage biodiversity risks in business is reviewed, with examples of how some companies are using these tools to deliver added business value. It is shown how companies can take action to avoid, minimize and mitigate biodiversity and ecosystem service risks, using compensation ('offsets') where appropriate, based on the concept of Net Positive Impact. As a result they can grasp new business opportunities linked to biodiversity and ecosystem services, such as increasing cost-efficiencies, new products and new markets.The authors explore emerging business models that seek to deliver biodiversity benefits and ecosystem services on a commercial basis, the enabling frameworks needed to stimulate investment and entrepreneurship to realize such opportunities, and the obstacles that must be overcome. Overall, the book examines how businesses can align their actions in relation to biodiversity and ecosystem services with wider corporate social responsibility initiatives, including community engagement and poverty reduction"
Environmental protection and the social responsibility of firms : perspectives from law, economics, and business
The Business of Bees provided the first integrated account of diminishing bee populations, as well as other pollinators, from an interdisciplinary perspective. It explores the role of corporate responsibility and governance as they relate to this critical issue and examines what the impact will be on consumers, companies, stock markets and ultimately on global society if bee populations continue to decline at a dangerous rate. The book considers the issue of global bee population decline from a variety of disciplines, collecting the perspectives of academics in accounting, science and humanities, with those of practitioners in the finance industry. The chapters explore the impact of the rapid declines in pollinator populations on the natural world, on corporations, on the stock market and on accounting. The Business of Bees will be essential reading for those in academia, business and finance sectors and anyone invested in the future of our planet.
Business & society : ethics and stakeholder management
Simple rules for a complex world
From promise to practice ? : the legal significance of the responsibility to protect concept
Environmental strategy for the Barents Region : Barents 2010, The Interreg III B Baltic Sea
Multistage coalition formation game of a self-enforcing international environmental agreement
The necessary revolution : how individuals and organizations are working together to create a sustainable world
Activities 2007 : overview
Measuring corporate environmental performance : best practices for costing and managing an effective environmental strategy
The economics of ecosystems and biodiversity in business and enterprise
Environmental marketing strategy and its implementation in forest industries
Ethics and sustainability : sustainable development and the moral life
Cleaning up the environment : hazardous waste technology
The business of bees : an integrated approach to bee decline and corporate responsibility
Ethics and environmental responsibility
International business and global climate change
Business and its environment
Clean and Competitive? : motivating environmental performance in industry
State responsibility and the marine environment : the rules of decision
Myths and realities of business environmentalism : good works, good business or greenwash?
Transboundary environmental interference and the origin of state liability
Humanizing security? : the EU's responsibility to protect in the Libyan crisis
From the Publisher:  Imagine a world in which the excess energy from one business would be used to heat another. Where buildings need less and less energy around the world, and where "regenerative" commercial buildings-ones that create more energy than they use-are being designed. A world in which environmentally sound products and processes would be more cost-effective than wasteful ones. A world in which corporations such as Costco, Nike, BP, and countless others are forming partnerships with environmental and social justice organizations to ensure better stewardship of the earth and better livelihoods in the developing world. Now, stop imagining-that world is already emerging. A revolution is underway in today's organizations. As Peter Senge and his co-authors reveal in The Necessary Revolution, companies around the world are boldly leading the change from dead-end "business as usual" tactics to transformative strategies that are essential for creating a flourishing, sustainable world. There is a long way to go, but the era of denial has ended. Today's most innovative leaders are recognizing that for the sake of our companies and our world, we must implement revolutionary-not just incremental-changes in the way we live and work. Brimming with inspiring stories from individuals and organizations tackling social and environmental problems around the globe, THE NECESSARY REVOLUTION reveals how ordinary people at every level are transforming their businesses and communities. By working collaboratively across boundaries, they are exploring and putting into place unprecedented solutions that move beyond just being "less bad" to creating pathways that will enable us to flourish in an increasingly interdependent world. Among the stories in these pages are the evolution of Sweden's "Green Zone," Alcoa's water use reduction goals, GE's ecoimagination initiative, and Seventh Generation's decision to shift some of their advertising to youth-led social change programs. At its heart, THE NECESSARY REVOLUTION contains a wealth of strategies that individuals and organizations can use-specific tools and ways of thinking-to help us build the confidence and competence to respond effectively to the greatest challenge of our time. It is an essential guidebook for all of us who recognize the need to act and work together-now-to create a sustainable world, both for ourselves and for the generations to follow.
The European Union and human security : external interventions and missions
The ethics of climate change : right and wrong in a warming world
The future of the International Criminal Court in African crisis and its relationship with the R2P project
Rehabilitating damaged ecosystems. Volume 2
A day in the life of responsibility to protect
Confessions of an eco sinner : travels to find where my stuff comes from
The organizational greening process : a longitudinal case study of greening in a Finnish peat company
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
"One of the most important developments in world politics in the last decade has been the spread of the twin ideas that state sovereignty comes with responsibilities - both domestic and international - as well as privileges, and that there exists a global responsibility to protect people threatened by mass-atrocity crimes. The 2001 report of the International Commission on Intervention and State Sovereignty entitled The Responsibility to Protect put these ideas into active circulation, and United Nations resolutions in 2005 on the 60th anniversary of the establishment of the United Nations gave the idea further substance. More recently, the justification of NATO action in Libya on the strength of Security Council Resolutions 1970 and 1973, which made explicit reference to the principle of the Responsibility to Protect, has put this particular notion at the centre of discussion of some of the most challenging political dilemmas of our times. As international leaders struggle to find ways to deal with mounting political violence in Syria and more recently with the emergence of the self-styled 'Islamic State in Iraq and Syria', the idea of the Responsibility to Protect, now increasingly labelled simply R2P, is never far below the surface"--
Acid rain and friendly neighbors : the policy dispute between Canada and the United States
Greening the corporation : management strategy and the environmental challenge
Social responsibility and environmental sustainability in business : how organizations handle profits and social duties
International authority and the responsibility to protect
"Drawing on case studies, this book provides a fresh understanding of democratic accountability for transboundary and global harm and argues that environmental responsibility should be established in open public discussions about harm and risk"--Provided by publisher.
The unheeded cry : animal consciousness, animal pain and science
Responsibility to protect (R2P) : a new paradigm of international law?
Liability for environmental damages : incentives for precaution and risk allocation
International law and the environment : variations on a theme
E-cycling : linking trade and environmental law in the EC and the U.S
The environmental responsibility of German hotel and restaurant industry : opportunities of managing organic waste occurring in the food and beverage department
Environmental issues and policies
The international community and global governance of human security
A natural guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you and your baby (newborn to 3 years)
Earth capitalism : creating a new civilization through a responsible market economy
Enviro-capitalists : doing good while doing well
Activities 2010 : overview
Complementarity in practice : critical lessons from the ICC for R2P
HELCOM activities 2011 : overview
Positively responsible : how business can save the planet
The corporate environment : the financial consequences for business
Ecological intelligence : the coming age of radical transparency
Activities 2006 : overview
Theorising the responsibility to protect
Accounting & accountability : changes and challenges in corporate social and environmental reporting
Finnish perspectives on the ICC and R2P
"One of the most important developments in world politics in the last decade has been the spread of the idea that state sovereignty comes with responsibilities as well as privileges, and that there exists a global responsibility to protect people threatened by mass atrocities. The principle of the Responsibility to Protect is an acknowledgment by all who live in zones of safety of a duty of care towards those in zones of danger. Thakur and Maley argue that this principle has not been discussed sufficiently in the context of international and political theory, in particular the nature and foundations of political and international order and the strength and legitimacy of the state. The book brings together a range of authors to discuss the different ways in which the Responsibility to Protect can be theorised, using case studies to locate the idea within wider traditions of moral responsibilities in international relations"--
ICC, R2P, and the international community's evolving interventionist toolkit
Environmental management systems : understanding organisational drivers and barriers
Lessons from the ICC for ICC/R2P convergence
Corporate responses to climate change : study of the United States and the United Kingdom
The Oxford handbook of the responsibility to protect
The environment : a sociological introduction
"The question of when or if a nation should intervene in another country's affairs is one of the most important concerns in today's volatile world. Taking John Stuart Mill's famous 1859 essay 'A Few Words on Non-Intervention' as his starting point, international relations scholar Michael W. Doyle addresses the thorny issue of when a state's sovereignty should be respected and when it should be overridden or disregarded by other states in the name of humanitarian protection, national self-determination, or national security. In this time of complex social and political interplay and increasingly sophisticated and deadly weaponry, Doyle reinvigorates Mill's principles for a new era while assessing the new United Nations doctrine of responsibility to protect. In the twenty-first century, intervention can take many forms: military and economic, unilateral and multilateral. Doyle's thought-provoking argument examines essential moral and legal questions underlying significant American foreign policy dilemmas of recent years, including Libya, Iraq, and Afghanistan"--
A green guide to your natural pregnancy and birth : the kind way for you, your baby and the environment
The new accountability : environmental responsibility across borders
Corporate environmental responsibility : law and practice
The International Criminal Court and the responsibility to protect : synergies and tensions  .
Activities 2008 : overview
International responsibility for environmental harm
Legal aspects of soil pollution and decontamination in the EU member states and the United States
