http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2765 types and species
types and species species types
Scanning electron microscopy of the surface structure of seeds from the genus Epilobium in Fennoscandia for determining the species
Typhlodromips jurmoensis ; (Acari: Mesostigmata: Amblyseiinae), a new species from the archipelago of SW Finland
2004 IUCN red list of threatened speciesTM : a global species assessment
The Malay archipelago : the land of the orang-utan, and the bird of paradise : a narrative of travel, with studies of man and nature
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
National Geographic guide to birding hot spots of the United States
Handbook of athletic games for players, instructors, and spectators, comprising fifteen major ball games, track and field athletics and rowing races
Swordfighting : for writers, game designers and martial artists
Table wines : the technology of their production
The littorinid molluscs of mangrove forests in the Indo-Pacific region : the genus Littoraria
Ground beetle (Coleoptera, Carabidae) diversity in Finnish arable land
The amazing animal adventure : An around-the-world spotting expedition
The slater field guide to Australian birds
Annotated bibliography of walnut : supplement no. 1
Appraisal of seedling stand vegetation with airborne imagery and discrete-return LiDAR : an exploratory analysis
Guidelines to reduce sea turtle mortality in fishing operations
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Rails : a guide to the rails, crakes, gallinules and coots of the world
Suomen rengastusatlas = The Finnish bird ringing atlas. II
Steep : Xbox One
Physical properties of a boreal clay soil under differently managed perennial vegetation : doctoral dissertation
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
Plant invasions in boreal agricultural habitats : the effect of environmental conditions, species traits and the impact on native diversity
Trophic interactions and impacts of non-indigenous species in Baltic Sea coastal ecosystems
Distribution, abundance and species richness of butterflies and myrmecophilous beetles
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1842 vertebrate specimens, 27,9827 insects and 4,889 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below..
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
This study was carried out in South Finland, in Hollola. The sample areas are situated in the middle of an open cut area. I took the samples in 1991 and 2009. Five species disappeared and five new species was observed. The species that increased the most are Discus ruderatus, Vitrina pellucida and Columella edentula. The variation in species of vascular plants has been noticeable. The moisture close to the soil surface is important to land snails, especially the remaining of ferns suffices for land snails.
New national and regional biological records for Finland 4. Contributions to agaricoid and ascomycetoid taxa of fungi 3.
The number of accessions amounted to 633 vertebrates, 108,716 insects and 11,241 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed, and some noteworthy finds are recorded. Scophthalmus rhombus (L.) (Pisces) and Elachista deriventa Kaila & Mukkala (Insecta, Lepidoptera) are reported as new to Finland..
What on earth evolved? : 100 species that changed the world
Chemical characteristics of Finnish bedrock : 1:1 000 000 scale bedrock map units
The invasive potential of Prussian carp in Finland under the light of a novel semi-clonal reproductive mechanism
Indicator species : an important tool when preserving the cultural landscape
What fish? : a buyers guide to reef fish
Woodland key habitats : a key to effective conservation of forest biodiversity?
The illustrated book of insects
Laura Werlin's cheese essentials : an insider's guide to buying and serving cheese
Pigeons and doves : a guide to the pigeons and doves of the world
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
It is assumed that climate change will promote pest invasions and their establishment in new regions. We have updated the list of current alien invertebrate pest species in Finland and produced a list of potential new alien pests using a self-organizing map (SOM) that ranks species in terms of their risk of entry into Finland. The 76 pest species recorded included 66 insects, 5 nematodes, 2 mites and 3 slugs. Nearly half of the alien species appeared to have invaded Finland during the last 48 years. The SOM analysis is considered a viable tool for identification of potentially high-risk invasive pests from among the multitude of potential alien invaders, and represents a useful complement to local expert knowledge-based risk assessment of potentially invasive pests. Along with the comparisons with databases of current and potential pest species, SOM analysis suggests that in the changing climate, the habitats at greatest risk from exotic pests in Finland are horticultural: orchards, ornamental hardy-nursery stocks, landscape and ornamental tree nurseries, and greenhouses.Exploration of the distribution patterns of naturalized species within Finland revealed species occupancy to be dependent on the residence time of the species. Established neophytes can be expected to extend their ranges and to increase occupation of agricultural habitats in the future.
Agaricoid fungi (Basidiomycota): Amanita flavescens, Cortinarius brunneotinctus, Cortinarius claroplaniusculus, Cortinarius orasericeus, Cortinarius pardinipes, Cortinarius rufoallutus, Entoloma querquedula, Galerina calyptrospora, Galerina lacustris and Tricholomopsis flammula are reported as new to Finland. Three genera of ascomycetoid fungi (Ascomycota): Ascocodinea, Pseudoproboscispora, Scabropezia and 16 species are reported as new to Finland: Arachnocrea stipata, Ascocodinea polyporicola, Capronia parasitica, Diaporthe dulcamarae, Endoxylina astroidea, Gnomoniopsis tormentillae, Gorgoniceps hypothallosa, Helvella latispora, Helvella terrestris, Peziza celtica, Hypocrea estonica, Mycosphaerella topographica, Ophiobolus galii, Pseudoproboscispora caudae-suis, Roesleria subterranean, Scabropezia scabrosa. Information of species recently published elsewhere: Cortinarius alticaudus, Cortinarius bovinatus, Cortinarius cobaltinus, Cortinarius olympianus, Cortinarius sannio, Cortinarius sobrius, Cortinarius subfoetens is brought here together. New records of little collected and rare taxa: Cortinarius barbaricus, Desmazierella piceicola and Tuber anniae s.lat. are also listed. Corrections of previous information are given on: Cortinarius luteobrunnescens, Cortinarius metarius, Cortinarius patibilis and Cortinarius pseudonaevosus..
Stonechats : a guide to the genus Saxicola
Endless forms most beautiful : the new science of evo devo and the making of the animal kingdom
Invasive species in a changing world
A field guide to the grasshoppers and crickets of Britain and Northern Europe
Abstract: Visually recognisable lettering – Burned Serif typeface for the restaurant Soma. The subject of this Thesis is a creation of unique typefaces. The basics of letter formation and readability are covered in theory and how to follow those basics to get the best result. As a method, comparing the versions of the two most common typefaces provided a good background for the Thesis.  The customer's assignment was used as an example, which was to design a company profile to a restaurant/wine bar. The assignment was to design basic elements, such as the logo, web pages and a gift card plus something that the company would be recognized by. For this purpose it was required to create a unique, individual typeface for the company. A specific analysis accounts for the designed typeface with the goal of readability and maintaining a coherent line.  The requirement of readability is the same be it designing a typeface for print or web use. To this day basically grotesque typefaces have been used for the web, but the Author suggests that because of the always developing resolution of screens and pads, more antique typefaces will become more and more commonly used in the web world.
The shark handbook : the essential guide for understanding the sharks of the world
Agaricoid fungi (Basidiomycota): Cortinarius chromataphilus, Cortinarius croceocaeruleus, Cortinarius disjungendulus, Cortinarius nolaneiformis, Cortinarius olididisjungendus, Cortinarius piceidisjungendus, Crepidotus stenocystis, Entoloma callirhodon, Entoloma rhombisporum, Hydropus marginellus, Macrocystidia cucumis var. latifolia, Russula clementinae, Russula fellea, Russula mairei, Russula roseicolor and three ascomycetoid fungi (Ascomycota): Eutypella extensa, Octospora coccinea and Sporormiella megalospora are reported as new to Finland. Information of species recently published elsewhere: Cortinarius balteatialutaceus, Cortinarius balteatibulbosus, Cortinarius balteaticlavatus, Cortinarius boreicyanites, Cortinarius boreidionysae, Cortinarius brunneiaurantius, Cortinarius caesiocolor, Cortinarius caesiolamellatus, Cortinarius caesiophylloides, Cortinarius cremeiamarescens, Cortinarius flavipallens, Cortinarius infractiflavus, Cortinarius kytoevuorii, Cortinarius luteiaureus, Cortinarius myrtilliphilus, Cortinarius ochribubalinus, Cortinarius pallidirimosus, Cortinarius subrubrovelatus, Cortinarius talimultiformis, Inocybe fuscescentipes and Inocybe subpaleacea is brought here together. New records of little collected and rare taxa Camarops tubulina, Catathelasma imperiale, Entoloma longistriatum, Galerina calyptrospora, Hyaloscypha epiporia, Hymenogaster tener, Porpoloma metapodium and Sowerbyella imperialis are also listed. Corrections of previous information are given on: Cortinarius balteatoalbus, Cortinarius crassifolius (under C. coracis), Cortinarius cyanites, Cortinarius dionysae and Inocybe lindrothii..
Creatures of the deep
The number of accessions amounted to 895 vertebrates, 49,855 insects, and 9,714 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported. Bembidion obtusum Serv. and Polydrusus formosus (Mayer) (Insecta: Coleoptera), Culicoides dewulfi (Goetgh.) (Insecta: Diptera), and Thanatus arcticus Thorell and Palliduphantes insignis (O. P.-Cambr.) (Araneida) are reported as new to Finland..
New records of Myxomycetes to the Åland Islands
Text type distinctions and variation in English of software engineering
Steep : Playstation 4
Gardening with light and colour
How to buy fine wines : a practical guide for the collector and connoisseur
Effects of power versus endurance training on bone metabolism markers, serum hormone concentrations and physical performance in young athletes
Snail sampling on a vegetated roof in downtown Helsinki resulted in four snail species of preference for moist habitats: Cochlicopa lubrica, Oxyloma elegans, Pseudotrichia rubiginosa, Succinella oblonga. The latter two are considered rare in Finland. In both species this is the second verified locality from the country. We provide drawings on genital morphology of O. elegans and S. oblonga and briefly discuss the potential of green roofs as habitats for invertebrates.
Over the edge : a regular guy's odyssey in extreme sports
Freshwater fishes of the Timika Region New Guinea
The world of plant life
The Galápagos : a natural history
The consequences of spatial environmental variability on dispersal and on the spatial distribution of species
An annotated check-list of Thysanoptera from Australia
Byssocorticium efibulatum is reported as new to Finland. New records of following rare or little collected species are presented and notes of their substrates are given: Cristinia gallica, Helicogloea farinacea, Helicogloea lagerheimii, Phlebia femsioeensis, Sistotrema dennisii and Tomentella coerulea. We also list 33 aphyllophoroid fungi as new to some section of the boreal vegetation zone in Finland..
Tree species classification with multiple source remote sensing data
The biggest twitch
Changes in the invasion level, and impact of alien plants in Finnish semi-natural agricultural habitats
Myxomycete species richness and community composition on the forest floor and decaying wood
This is the pioneering author's latest edition. Tudor Bompa pioneered many of the breakthroughs in modern training methods, proving long ago that it's not only how much and how hard an athlete works but also when and what work is done that determine an athlete's conditioning level. In this new edition of Periodization Training for Sports, he teams with strength and conditioning expert Carlo Buzzichelli to demonstrate how to use periodized workouts to peak at the optimal time. Coaches and athletes in 35 sports have at their fingertips a verified programme designed to produce the best results. Containing plenty of ready-made training schedules, the book is an excellent conditioning planner for those wanting to know what works, why it works and when it works, both in the training room and on the practice field.
Vascular plant species in planned mire conservation areas in southern and central Finland
Green roofs provide habitat for the rare snail (Mollusca, Gastropoda) species Pseudotrichia rubiginosa and Succinella oblonga in Finland
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2009.
During the last ten years, the two rare spider species Micaria lenzi Bösenberg, 1899 (Gnaphosidae) and Clubiona juvenis Simon, 1878 (Clubionidae) have been found on coastal sand dunes and inland dunes near the coast in Finland. The findings are the northernmost ones in Europe, extending the known range of M. lenzi from southernmost Sweden northwards by almost 1000 kilometers.
A cosmopolitan spider, Smeringopus pallidus (Blackwall, 1858) (Araneae, Pholcidae), in an aquarium shop in Turku, Finland
Tea and tea set : appreciating Chinese tea
Fish from Finland
Practical manual of algae
Cacti and succulents
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
The Enchytraeidae : critical revision and taxonomy of European species. (Studies on Enchytraeidae 7)
The birds of the western palearctic. Volume 2 : passerines
New national and regional biological records for Finland 3. Contributions to agaricoid and ascomycetoid taxa of fungi 2.
Studies on dinoflagellates in the northern Baltic Sea
Sea turtles are affected by a range of different factors, some natural and others caused by human activities, including fishing operation. As a result, all sea turtles species whose conservation status has been assessed are considered to be threatened or endangered. These guidelines provide assistance for the preparation of national or multilateral fisheries management measures and industry initiatives that may help to conserve sea turtles by reducing the negative impacts that fisheries may have on them. They present our best understanding of how to reduce the proportion of caught turtles that are killed as a result of interactions with marine capture fisheries. These guidelines include information about how to change fishing gear and fishing methods and how the fishing industry can adopt voluntary approaches to reduce sea turtle mortality.--Publisher's description.
Terebrantia (Insecta: Thysanoptera)
Brewing tea : appreciating Chinese tea
Macroecology : concepts and consequences : the 43rd Annual Symposium of the British Ecological Society held at the University of Birmingham 17-19 April 2002
The North American species of Drosophila
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Animal life : [the definite visual guide to animals and their behaviour]
The number of accessions in 2012 amounted to 960 vertebrate specimens, 13,272 insects, and 3,105 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and noteworthy faunistic records are reported..
The main weed species and their control in oilseed crops in Finland
How to be a dinosaur hunter : your globe-trotting, time-travelling guide
Wine by style : a practical guide to choosing wine by flavour, body and colour
Recorded and potential alien invertebrate pests in Finnish agriculture and horticulture
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
Lietuvos dirvožemių erkės (Acari) : katalogas = Soil mites of Lithuania (Acari) : catalogue
A guide to the smaller British Lepidoptera : the life histories and foods of upwards of 1370 species of our smaller moths with indices of the foods and the insects with cross references
Composition of seed banks of roadsides, stream verges and agricultural fields in southern Norway
Birds of Eastern Africa
Adventure sports coaching
Assessment of the status of the zoobenthos in the coastal waters of western Uusimaa, S Finland – a tool for management
Opiliones new to Finland and an updated checklist
Community Analysis of the Land Snail (Gastropoda) on the island of Ruissalo, SW Finland
A note on multispecies aggregative webs due to spiders (Araneae) escaping floods in Finland
Interannual variation in littoral benthic macroinvertebrate communities under contrasting crayfish predation in a large boreal lake
Sunbirds : a guide to the sunbirds, flowerpeckers. spiderhunters, and sugarbirds of the world
The northern amphi-atlantic seashore sedge Carex mackenziei V. I. Krecz. was found by us in four localities in 2008-2011, two in Kökar and one in Brändö in the eastern archipelago and one in Sund on the mainland of Åland. The hybrid C. canescens L. × mackenziei (C. × pseudohelvola Kihlm.), which occurs regularly together with C. mackenziei, was found in Sund in 2010 and 2011. The generaldistribution of the two taxa is outlined. The previous finds of C. mackenziei and the hybrid in the Åland Islands during the 19th and 20th centuries are referred to. The future of Carex mackenziei and its hybrid in the Åland Islands is discussed..
Quantifying the indicator power of an indicator species
Multispecies aggregative spider webs consisting mainly of linyphiids are reported from the municipality of Vörå in Finland. The dominant species were Erigone atra Blackwall, 1833 and Savignia frontata Blackwall, 1833 and most of these represented by males. The spider assemblage consisted of at least 13 species altogether. The reason for the aggregations was habitat disturbance caused by flooded cultivated fields.
Notes on the lichen flora of the mountains Saana and Malla in NW Finland
The surfaces of seeds from nineteen species of Epilobium in Fennoscandia were investigated with scanning electron microscope. The photographs were taken of seeds at magnifications of approximately 45 or 90 times, respectively, depending on the size of the seed. In addition, photographs of four times higher magnification were taken of the base of each seed, as well as detailed pictures of the seed surface at a magnification of about 560 times. In general, the photographs of the seeds were found to provide sufficient evidence to identify the species..
Conceptualising the economics of plant health protection against invasive pests
Bird report. 3, 1970-1973
Six new Taraxacum (sect. Taraxacum) species (Asteraceae) from Finland and Sweden
The descent of man
Vegetation patterns of boreal herb-rich forests in the Koli region, eastern Finland : classification, environmental factors and conservation aspects
Tiivistelmä / Abstract / Summary.
The illustrated guide to freshwater fish & river creatures : a visual encyclopedia of aquatic life featuring 450 species : includes 500 detailed illustrations, photographs and maps
Carex mackenziei and C. canescens × mackenziei in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
The ballast site of Lassdal was known for its exotic plants brought with soil from abroad by sailing ships. The ballast site was more or less abandoned already at the beginning of the 20th century, at the latest. However, several ballast plants grew in Lassdal in 1946. A few of them were still growing there in 2015. The vascular plant flora comprised 17 taxa of trees and shrubs and 59 field layer taxa in 2009-2015. The following are dealt with more in detail: Allium oleraceum, Arabis glabra, Campanula rapunculoides, Carex hirta, cf. Draba incana, Hercaleum sphondylium, Medi­cago lupulina var. willdenowiana, Melilotus albus, Stachys sylvatica and Viola odorata. Of these, Campanula rapunculoides, Stachys sylvatica and Viola odorata have not been observed earlier in Lassdal.
The snakes of Europe
Trees of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands
Illustrated encyclopedia of animal life
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Caddis larvae : larvae of the British Trichoptera
Alien species in the Finnish weed flora
A population of the cosmopolitan spider Smeringopus pallidus lived at least for ten years in an aquarium shop in Turku. This originally Afrotropical species is known in Europe only from the Netherlands.
Finnish Opiliones have been studied as a part of the research programme of deficiently known and threatened forest species (PUTTE) since 2012. During the project, several species new to Finland have been found and some errors in former checklists Heinäjoki 1944, Stol 2007) discovered. Prior to the project, 12 Opiliones species were reported from Finland, the number now being 15. Here we present additions and changes with the updated checklist (Table 1.)..
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
Coming to terms with conservation under climate change : using species distribution models and translocation trials for estimating the need and potential of assisted migration
Introduced pathogens found on ornamentals, strawberry and trees in Finland over the past 20 years
Illustrated genera of imperfect fungi
Here be dragons : how the study of animal and plant distributions revolutionized our views of life and earth
Diversity of tropical species : questions that elude answers
Sylvia warblers
A revision of Axinaea (Melastomataceae)
Protected fishes of the United States and Canada
BioInvasions Records : International Journal of Applied Research on Biological Invasions
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
Why evolution is true
Ecology of species living on dead wood : lessons for dead wood management
Thrill me
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1,577 vertebrate specimens, 23,820 insects, and 2,931 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below.
Come on an amazing journey around the world, seeking out the weirdest and most wonderful animals! From the heights of the Himalayas to the deepest depths of the Pacific ocean, explore these 21 exciting places and meet the animals who live in them. Visit the jungle caves of Borneo, the Australian outback, the Arctic ice floes and many, many more!
Feet in the clouds : a tale of fell-running and obsession
The prehistory of Suomussalmi, eastern Finland : the first billion years as revealed by isotopes and the composition of granitoid suites
Shrikes & bush-shrikes : including wood-shrikes, helmet-shrikes, flycatcher-shrikes, philentomas, batises and wattle-eyes
Christian Steven (1781-1863) at the Lower Volga
This paper explores the idea of environmental knowledge by focusing on the social construction of agricultural biodiversity. The fieldwork was conducted in 2003-2004 in Ghana. The research methodology consisted of interviewing and focus group discussions. The respondents varied from researchers and government officials to members of women's farming groups who cultivate rice. This paper argues that by understanding how agricultural biodiversity is constructed it is possible to highlight different ways of understanding the environment by different actors. The paper begins with an overview of the emergence of agricultural biodiversity as a global environmental issue. With this background in mind, this paper examines the different ways of construction and conservation of Oryza glaberrima, the indigenous rice variety of Ghana. Three different discursive positions, ranging from scientific to local knowledge, are identified. The Agric, Diversity and Local discourse frame and categorise rice and other crop varieties in a different manner. The categories identified reflect the visible characteristics of the varieties and their social meanings, related to their use or function in the wider social context. These different categories are corresponding and conflicting, as well as inclusive and exclusive, and have become institutionalised into social rules, norms and practices, which further establish the efforts to conserve O. glaberrima.
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Butterflies and moths at home : sixty photographs from nature
The Guinness guide to nature in danger
The birds of China
The comparative ease and speed of international trade and travel have enabled or enhanced the spread of pests around the globe. For example, trade in ornamental plants has bolstered the spread of alien Oomycetes such as pathogenic species of Phytophthora. To date, four Phytophthora species have been identified in Finland: P. cactorum on Fragaria x ananassa, Betula pendula and Rhododendron spp., P. plurivora on Rhododendron spp. and Syringa vulgaris, and P. pini and P. ramorum on Rhododendron spp. The ascomycete Colletotrichum acutatum, which was listed as a quarantine pathogen by the European Union until 2009, was introduced in 2000 and can survive in plant debris over two winters in Finland. Positive PCR results have also been obtained from bait plants grown in soil collected from locations where diseased Fragaria x ananassa plants had earlier been destroyed. In the mid-1990s, there was an epidemic of foliar rust caused by the Asian basidiomycete Melampsoridium hiratsukanum on Alnus glutinosa and A. incana. Recently, two ascomycetes that have been introduced are Dothistroma septosporum (responsible for red band needle blight on Pinus sylvestris) and Chalara fraxinea (causing ash decline on Fraxinus excelsior).
Cheese & wine : a guide to selecting, pairing and enjoying
Management of Biological Invasions : international journal of applied research on biological invasions
A field guide to the insects of Britain and Northern Europe
The present study aimed at assessing the invasion of alien weed species in Finland based on a review of their occurrence in the Finnish weed flora. The evaluation was conducted for the three phases of the invasion process, i.e. introduction, naturalization and invasion. The literature review revealed that 815 alien weed species occur in Finland of which 314 are regarded as naturalized. Based on their occurrence in different climate zones, the risk of naturalization of new harmful alien weed species was deemed low for those species not currently found in Finland, but higher for species occurring as casual aliens in Finland. In the latter group, 10 species of concern were detected. Exploration of the distribution patterns of naturalized species within Finland revealed species occupancy to be dependent on the residence time of the species. Established neophytes can be expected to extend their ranges and to increase occupation of agricultural habitats in the future.
Distribution and numbers of Finnish breeding birds : appendix to Suomen lintuatlas
Genes, categories, and species : the evolutionary and cognitive causes of the species problem
Ecological impacts of invasive signal crayfish in large boreal lakes
Information on special bulbs
Bulletin of zoological nomenclature
Memory for absolute tempo
Roses in colour and cultivation
Rock climbing
Epilobium hirsutum L. is an introduced species in Finland with the first reliable findings made in the late 19th century. The number of new findings accumulated slowly during the period 1900-1929. From the 1930's onwards, the number of findings grew rapidly and E. hirsutum has been found in 153 grid squares of 10 km × 10 km size in the southern part of Finland until 2012. The first information of the species in the Åland Islands is a note in the literature from 1821 and the first collected specimen in the Åland Islands is from the municipality of Sund in 1873. However, both these are doubtful as they were not noticed in Finnish vascular plant floras later on. The first reliable finding is from 1973 and thereafter the localities with E. hirsutum increased with four more during the 1970's, eight new during the 1980's, fourteen new during the 1990's and 35 new localities during the period 2000-2013. It thrives chiefly in man-made habitats in the cultural landscape and the most common habitats in the Åland Islands seem to be roadsides and road ditches. Although E. hirsutum has expanded during the last fifty years in Åland, it is not common yet and it has not been found in most of the eastern archipelago area. As an immigrant in our flora, E. hirsutum is now well established in the Åland Islands and it will probably be more common in the future. However, it seems that it is not a harmful invasive weed in Åland..
Keeping parrots : understanding their care and breeding
Zoos and tourism : conservation, education, entertainment?
Representations of authentic Japanese martial traditions : examining perspectives of instructors and students of koryū
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Bayesian estimation of diameter distribution during harvesting
The sinking ark : a new look at the problem of disappearing species
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
Predicting community persistence based on different methods of species ranking
The plant recipe book : 100 living arrangements for any home in any season
The manual of cultivated orchard species
Guidelines for surveillance and monitoring of European bats
Trout of the world
Flowering potted plants : prolonging shelf performance
Epilobium hirsutum in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
500 essential anime movies : the ultimate guide
Essays on debt financing, firm performance, and banking in emerging markets
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2008.
List of Latvian bird species : with comments on distribution and number : updated 1st January 1993 : including the Latvian rarities Committee's report 1988-1992
Guide to trees of Britain and Europe
Catalogue of the Oribatida (Acari) of Finland
Check-list of North American birds
Guide book out-lining the 10 most common street attacks that occurs in the U.K. and how different self-defense and martial arts discipline evaluate and combat the situation.
Using dataset of 508 transects of 50 m², we assessed changes in the invasion level of alien plant species in semi-natural agricultural habitats in three study years (2001, 2005 and 2010) in four geographical regions of Finland. In addition, the impact of environmental factors on the occurrence of the most common neophytes (alien species introduced after the 17th century) and the impact of neophytes on native species diversity were studied. In total, 37 neophyte species were detected, but neophytes regarded as highly invasive were rare and occasional. We detected spatio-temporal variation in the invasion level, but it changed according to the measure used. For instance, alien species diversity was lower in south-western Finland than in other years in 2005, and the relative alien species richness was highest in southern and lowest in eastern Finland. Preferences for environmental conditions (disturbance, habitat type and geographical location) and the impact on plant diversity varied among the most common neophytes. The most common neophytes were positively rather than negatively associated with native and alien species diversity. The results suggest that alien species management and control methods should be species-specific and considered case-by-case. Neophytes do not yet cause severe problems, but regular monitoring is needed to detect changes in their invasion levels.
Fishing
The search for freedom
Christian Steven made several excursions to the Caucasus, Crimea and the southern provinces of Russia. He visited occasionally also Lower Volga area and did botanical collections, jointly with Marschall von Bieberstein in 1800. In this article, we present Stevens activity here. He collected plant specimens in Lower Volga area in 1800, 1806, 1811 and 1816. Based on specimens collected here, and in some cases additionally also elsewhere, Steven described Adonis volgensis (1817), Ceratocephala incurva (1848), C. leiocarpa (1848), C. reflexa (1848) and Centaurea gerberi (Steven 1856). Further, Allium sabulosum (Steven ex Bunge 1838) and Delphinium cuneatum (Steven ex DC. 1818) were described based on material Steven collected in this region.
Perennial polypores as indicators of annual and red-listed polypores
Fifty places to ski and snowboard before you die : downhill experts share the world's greatest destinations
Guide book out-lining the 10 most common street attacks the occur in the U.K. and how different self-defense and martial arts discipline evaluate and combat the situation
Biomechanical comparison between sprint start, sled-pulling and selected squat type exercises
Comedy high and low : an introduction to the experience of comedy
Micaria lenzi and Clubiona juvenis (Araneae: Gnaphosidae, Clubionidae), two spider species new to the dune fauna of Finland
Lassdal, an old ballast site in eastern Nyland, S Finland
We present eight species of Myxomycetes new to the Åland Islands: Arcyodes incarnata, Arcyria major, Cribraria argillacea, Didymium nigripes, Physarum auriscalpium, Stemonitis foliicola, Stemonitopsis typhina and Trichia contorta. The record of S. foliicola is the second in Finland. Specimens were collected mainly in September 2013. Altogether the number of Myxomycetes species found from the Åland Islands is now 49.
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
Periodization training for sports
The tea enthusiast's handbook : a guide to enjoying the world's best teas
Remarkable creatures : epic adventures in the search for the origins of species
Aphyllophoroid fungi (Basidiomycota) of the middle part of Yenisei river basin, East Siberia, Russia
Abstract.
1988 IUCN red list of threatened animals
Evaluating the impacts of mowing : a case study comparing managed and abandoned meadow patches
The complete illustrated encyclopedia of birds of the world : the ultimate reference source and identifier for 1600 birds, profiling habitat, plumage, nesting, and food
Interspecific interactions and selection on secondary sexual characters in damselflies
Changes in a Land Snail community (Gastropoda) in an open cut forest area
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
Car-sized crabs and other animal giants
Tea : ceremony and culture and all that goes with it
A photographic guide to birds of Thailand
Check-list of Finnish flies : families Xylophagidae-Microphoridae
Freshwater Fish : of Britain, Ireland and Europe
Checklist of dragonfly from Vietnam
Oolong tea
The number of accessions in 2010 amounted to 652 vertebrate specimens, some 36,600 insects, and 11,231 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported..
Sea fishing : expert tips and techniques for yachtsmen, motorboaters and sea anglers
Climate change, species range shifts and uncertainty : a new era of conservation planning
The world atlas of birds
The old record of Chamorchis alpina from Rybachiy Peninsula, Murmansk Region has been confirmed and another old locality reported from Pechenga on the basis of two herbarium specimens collected by Jacob Fellman (H). The specimen from Pechenga was wrongly published as Herminium monorchis in Fellman's Index plantarum 1831. Chamorchis alpina has not been found in the Murmansk Region since more than 180 years, and it is proposed to be treated as regionally extinct (RE) in the Red Data Books dealing with the Region....
Field guide to trees and shrubs of Britain and Europe
A survey of weeds in spring-sown oilseed crops (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus ssp. oleifera) was conducted in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009, representing the first such extensive investigation in the country. The occurrence of the most abundant weed species in oilseeds was surveyed in 429 fields. In the fields with moderate or high weed infestation, 1-6 harmful weed species were recorded by visual observation according to their biomass production. About 40 weed species were recorded, the most predominant being Chenopodium album, Galeopsis spp., Galium spurium, Sonchus arvensis and Tripleurospermum inodorum. Elymus repens was the only major grass weed. Chemical weed control of broad-leaved weeds had been practised in 53% of the fields, resulting in relatively good control. In addition, both selective graminicides and glyphosate were used to control E. repens. Mechanical weed control was not practised in any field. The crop yield level was about 300 kg ha-1 higher in the fields with low weed infestation compared with in the highly infested fields. New promising options to replace the banned herbicide trifluralin are available. Thus, the most harmful weeds, such as C. album, which interferes with the production of high-quality oil for human consumption, can still be effectively controlled.
Motionsports : adrenaline : PS3
101 ways to become a world champion : the most weird and wonderful championships from around the globe
Birds of the world
The birds of the western palearctic. Volume 1 : non-passerines
Chamorchis alpina and Epipactis helleborine in the Murmansk Region, Russia, and assessments of the orchids in the Region using the IUCN Red List Categories
On the origin of species
Field notes from a hidden city
The origin of species
A field guide to the birds of East and Central Africa
New national and regional biological records for Finland 4. Additions to the knowledge of Finnish aphyllophoroid funga (Basidiomycota)
Exploring environmental knowledge: the construction and conservation of agricultural biodiversity in Ghana
Urbanization and stability of a bird community in winter
The Marie Selby botanical gardens illustrated dictionary of orchid genera
