http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27604 political theology
political theology
The Blackwell companion to political theology
Pavel Florensky, a quiet genius : the tragic and extraordinary life of Russia's unknown da Vinci
Much current commentary on climate change, both secular and theological, focuses on the duties of individual citizens to reduce their consumption of fossil fuels. In A Political Theology of Climate Change, however, Michael Northcott discusses nations as key agents in the climate crisis. Against the anti-national trend of contemporary political theology, Northcott renarrates the origins of the nations in the divine ordering of history. In dialogue with Giambattista Vico, Carl Schmitt, Alasdair MacIntyre, and other writers, he argues that nations have legal and moral responsibilities to rule over limited terrains and to guard a just and fair distribution of the fruits of the earth within the ecological limits of those terrains. As part of his study, Northcott brilliantly reveals how the prevalent nature-culture divide in Western culture, including its notion of nature as "private property," has contributed to the global ecological crisis. While addressing real difficulties and global controversies surrounding climate change, Northcott presents substantial and persuasive fare in his Political Theology of Climate Change. -- Publisher
Race and political theology
Justice and only justice : a palestinian theology of liberation
The theology of Martin Luther King Jr. and Desmond Mpilo Tutu
Healing the body politic : the political thought of Christine de Pizan
Religion and global order
"Islam in Modern Turkey presents one of the most comprehensive studies in English of the seminal Turkish thinker and theologian, Bediuzzaman Said Nursi (1876-1960). A devout Muslim who strongly believed in peacefully coexisting with the West, Nursi inspired a faith movement that has played a vital role in the revival of Islam in Turkey and now numbers several million followers worldwide. While Nursi's ideas have been afforded considerable analysis, this book is the first to situate these ideas and his related activities in their historical contexts. Based on the available sources and Nursi's own works, here is a complete and balanced view of this important theologian's life and thought."--BOOK JACKET
Peace psychology : a comprehensive introduction
Anglo-American millennialism, from Milton to the Millerites
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
Church, state and civil society
Religion in public : Locke's political theology
Spinoza's Theologico-political treatise : exploring 'the will of God'
Liberty, dominion, and the two swords : on the origins of Western political theology (180-398)
In good company : the church as polis
The invention of history : a century of interplay between theology and politics in Palestine
Apostle Paul and the profanation of the law
Weimar thought : a contested legacy
During its short lifespan, the Weimar Republic (1918-33) witnessed an unprecedented flowering of achievements in many areas, including psychology, political theory, physics, philosophy, literary and cultural criticism, and the arts. Leading intellectuals, scholars, and critics--such as Hannah Arendt, Walter Benjamin, Ernst Bloch, Bertolt Brecht, and Martin Heidegger--emerged during this time to become the foremost thinkers of the twentieth century. Even today, the Weimar era remains a vital resource for new intellectual movements. In this incomparable collection, Weimar Thought presents both the specialist and the general reader a comprehensive guide and unified portrait of the most important innovators, themes, and trends of this fascinating period. The book is divided into four thematic sections: law, politics, and society; philosophy, theology, and science; aesthetics, literature, and film; and general cultural and social themes of the Weimar period. The volume brings together established and emerging scholars from a remarkable array of fields, and each individual essay serves as an overview for a particular discipline while offering distinctive critical engagement with relevant problems and debates. Whether used as an introductory companion or advanced scholarly resource, Weimar Thought provides insight into the rich developments behind the intellectual foundations of modernity.
A political theology of nature
God's land on loan : Israel, Palestine, and the world
Cities on the plains : divinity and diversity
The triumph of hate : the political theology of the Hitler movement
The Sayings Gospel Q was composed in the central decades of the first century CE by Galilean villagers who had acquired knowledge of Greek mostly through their involvement with the public administration. The present book analyzes the text of Q in order to rediscover the terminological and ideological traces of the activity of these sub-elite scribes in the Sayings Gospel. Given the bureaucratic positions occupied by the members of this group, the peculiar use of the phrase Basileia tou theou carries a specific significance for its theological political implications. On the basis of Giorgio Agamben's recent revision of the category of political theology, the attitude of Q on divine kingship is understood as an instance of sub-elite negotiation of social and political positions vis-à-vis the expansion of Roman imperial hegemony in the eastern Mediterranean. In this context the author(s) of Q envisage apocalyptic scenarios in which divine kingship replaces human rulers and native sub-elite bureaucrats can share in the exercise of cosmic government.
Religion and the realist tradition : from political theology to international relations theory and back
"Anamnesis as Dangerous Memory explores the political theology of Johann Baptist Metz to discover how Christian memory is prophetic both in its revelation of extraordinary circumstances of injustice and the challenge and hope it poses to those who join in solidarity with the oppressed. Liturgical theologian Alexander Schmemann then elaborates how the liturgy reveals the kingdom of God and empowers believers to witness to it. The meeting of these theologies results in a rich eschatology, a life shaped by the vision of a future that fulfills the promises of the past."--BOOK JACKET.
The Zurich connection and Tudor political theology
Augustine's City of God : a critical guide
Bonhoeffer and beyond : promoting a dialogue between religion and politics
Politics and the order of love : an Augustinian ethic of democratic citizenship
Was ist politische Theologie? = What is political theology?
The King's two bodies : a study in mediaeval political theology
An Eerdmans reader in contemporary political theology
Christianity and contemporary politics : the conditions and possibilities of faithful witness
The faith of the faithless : experiments in political theology
Disciplining the divine : toward an (im)political theology
The sacralization of politics in fascist Italy
The politics of human frailty : a theological defense of political liberalism
Redeeming memories : a theology of healing and transformation
Theology, political theory, and pluralism : beyond tolerance and difference
Oliver O'Donovan is widely regarded as one of the preeminent Protestant Christian ethicists of our time. His teaching and scholarship have exerted a profound influence on countless moral theologians. This collection of essays honoring O'Donovan shows how the various contributors - themselves distinguished scholars - have developed their own thinking through serious engagement with O'Donovan's work. More than simply assessing his work, this volume builds upon, expands, and even corrects a few lines of an agenda for Christian ethics that O'Donovan has been instrumental in building. A probing essay by Oliver O'Donovan himself concludes the book. Contributors: Nigel Biggar, Brian Brock, Jonathan Chaplin, Eric Gregory, Shinji Kayama, Jean-Yves Lacoste, Joan O'Donovan, Oliver O'Donovan, Robert Song, Hans Ulrich, Bernd Wannenwetsch, Brent Waters, John Webster, Rowan Williams, John Witte Jr. and Holger Zaborowski -- Review: Rowan Williams (from foreword)-- University of Cambridge Oliver is a difficult, enriching writer, the stimulus of whose work is exceptional for all those who have engaged with it. . . . The present volume is a worthy tribute to one of the most serious thinkers the Anglican family has nurtured in the last century or so; a learned, subtle, compassionate voice, ambitious for truthfulness and obedient to grace. Robert Song and Brent Waters (from introduction) Perhaps no other of [O'Donovan's] contemporaries has managed to combine so effectively a deep familiarity and love of Scripture, an extraordinary knowledge of the magisterial tradition of doctrinal and moral theology, and a commitment to the illumination of both the concepts and application of Christian ethics. . . . These essays are offered as tokens of appreciation, and given in the anticipation that further tuition lies ahead. Oliver's own postscript to the volume provides a first taste of precisely that, elaborating on the injunction: Know Thyself!' "
A theological treatment of the role of affections such as joy, compassion, and shame in contemporary politics. Hordern discusses what affections are and how they play a role in parts of political life such as representation and law. He shows that affections have an intelligent role to play in fostering loyalty, trust and public moral reasoning.
Religion and violence in a secular world : toward a new political theology
Politics in theology
This dissertation deals with the political thought of three authors of the Vormärz era in Germany: the liberal Karl Theodor Welcker, the socialist Wilhelm Weitling, and the conservative Friedrich Julius Stahl, who were all central in the early formation of the modern political ideologies in Germany, in the decades leading up to the revolutionary year of 1848. The thesis proceeds from a critical discussion about how religion has been unsatisfactorily treated in much intellectual history, something also witnessed in research on Weitling, Stahl, and Welcker. The aim here is to deepen the understanding of the early evolution of the modern political ideologies in Germany, by investigating the intersection of political thought and Christian theology in the works of three leading thinkers of the time. The approach taken in this study is a contextually informed historical semantics, a text explication based on certain key concepts. Each thematic chapter proceeds from concepts dealing with crucial political topics important to the political thought of the period between the revolutionary years of 1789 and 1848. These topics are headlined as Religion, Society and History.
Political theologies in the Holy land : Israeli messianism and its critics
Exodus church and civil society : public theology and social theory in the work of Jürgen Moltmann
The voice of conscience : a political genealogy of western ethical experience
"Paul's Political Strategy in 1 Corinthians 1-4 Constitution and Covenant Volume 163 This volume examines 1 Corinthians 1-4 within first- century politics, demonstrating the significance of Corinth's constitution to the interpretation of Paul's letter. Bradley J. Bitner shows that Paul carefully considered the Roman colonial context of Corinth, which underlay numerous ecclesial conflicts. Roman politics, however, cannot account for the entire shape of Paul's response. Bridging the Hellenism-Judaism divide that has characterized much of Pauline scholarship, Bitner argues that Paul also appropriated Jewish-biblical notions of covenant. Epigraphical and papyrological evidence indicates that his chosen content and manner are best understood with reference to an ecclesial politeia informed by a distinctively Christ-centered political theology. This emerges as a "politics of thanksgiving" in 1 Corinthians 1:4-9 and as a "politics of construction" in 3:5-4:5, where Paul redirects gratitude and glory to God in Christ. This innovative account of Paul's political theology offers fresh insight into his pastoral strategy among nascent Gentile-Jewish assemblies"--
Paul's political strategy in 1 Corinthians 1-4 : constitution and covenant
A political theology of climate change
Politics, theology and history
Lutheran identity and political theology
The kingdom and the glory : for a theological genealogy of economy and government (Homo Sacer II, 2)
Reinhold Niebuhr revisited : engagements with an American original
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
Church and state : a postmodern political theology. Book one
Religious voices in public places
John Locke's theory of toleration is generally seen as advocating the privatization of religion. This interpretation has become conventional wisdom: secularization is widely understood as entailing the privatization of religion, and the separation of religion from power. This book turns that conventional wisdom on its head and argues that Locke secularizes religion, that is, makes it worldly, public, and political. In the name of diverse citizenship, Locke reconstructs religion as persuasion, speech, and fashion. He insists on a consensus that human rights are sacred insofar as humans are.
In Western thought, it has been persistently assumed that in moral and political matters, people should rely on the inner voice of conscience rather than on external authorities, laws, and regulations. This volume investigates this concept, examining the development of the Western politics of conscience, from Socrates to the present, and the formation of the Western ethico-political subject. The work opens with a discussion of the ambiguous role of conscience in politics, contesting the claim that it is the best defense against totalitarianism. It then look back at canonical authors, from the Church Fathers and Luther to Rousseau and Derrida, to show how the experience of conscience constitutes the foundation of Western ethics and politics. This unique work not only synthesizes philosophical and political insights, but also pays attention to political theology to provide a compelling and innovative argument that the experience of conscience has always been at the core of the political Western tradition.
Abstract in english.
Metaphysics : the creation of hierarchy
Communities of faith and radical discipleship
The authority of the gospel : explorations in moral and political theology in honor of Oliver O'Donovan
The church in the struggle for Zimbabwe : [from the Programme to Combat Racism to Combat Theology]
When Barack Obama praised the writings of Reinhold Niebuhr in the run up to his election, he joined a long line of politicians who engaged with Niebuhr's ideas. This book discusses how a re-evaluation of Niebuhr's thought can help inform contemporary debates on Christian social ethics and other wider theological issues.
Normative theories of society and government in five medieval thinkers : St. Augustine, John of Salisbury, Giles of Rome, St. Thomas Aquinas, and Marsilius of Padua
Anamnesis as dangerous memory : political and liturgical theology in dialogue
'The little commonwealth of man' : the Trinitarian origins of the ethical and political philosophy of Ralph Cudworth
The Oxford handbook of religion and violence
Political theology and early modernity
Civil religion and political theology
Apocalypse against empire : theologies of resistance in early Judaism
The theology of Jürgen Moltmann
Kingdom of bureaucracy : the political theology of village scribes in the Sayings Gospel Q
The mighty and the almighty : an essay in political theology
Encounter between eastern orthodoxy and radical orthodoxy : transfiguring the world through the Word
Leo Strauss and the theologico-political problem
Christ and empire : from Paul to postcolonial times
This book presents a contextual study of the life and work of the Cambridge Platonist Ralph Cudworth (1617-1688). Focusing on the theological basis of Cudworth's ethical philosophy, this book unlocks the hitherto ignored political aspect to Cudworth's ethical philosophy. Through a detailed examination of Cudworth's published works - particularly his voluminous "True intellectual system of the Universe" -, his posthumously published writings, and his 'freewill' manuscripts Benjamin Carter argues that the ethical and political arguments in Cudworth's philosophy develop out of Cudworth's Trinitarian theology. Carter traces the link between Cudworth's trinitarianism and his ethical and political ideas by placing Cudworth's work in the turbulent religious and intellectual context of seventeenth-century England, and the University of Cambridge in particular.
The sacrifice of Africa : a political theology for Africa
The king's two bodies : a study in mediaeval political theology
Political theology : a new introduction
"This volume examines 1 Corinthians 1-4 within first-century politics, demonstrating the significance of Corinth's constitution to the interpretation of Paul's letter. Bradley J. Bitner shows that Paul carefully considered the Roman colonial context of Corinth, which underlay numerous ecclesial conflicts. Roman politics, however, cannot account for the entire shape of Paul's response. Bridging the Hellenism-Judaism divide that has characterised much of Pauline scholarship, Bitner argues that Paul also appropriated Jewish-biblical notions of covenant. Epigraphical and papyrological evidence indicates that his chosen content and manner are best understood with reference to an ecclesial politeia informed by a distinctively Christ-centred political theology. This emerges as a 'politics of thanksgiving' in 1 Corinthians 1:4-9 and as a 'politics of construction' in 3:5-4:5, where Paul redirects gratitude and glory to God in Christ. This innovative account of Paul's political theology offers fresh insight into his pastoral strategy among nascent Gentile-Jewish assemblies"--
Orthodoxy and political theology
Theology for skeptics : reflections on God
Radical democracy and political theology
"For a century or more political theology has been in decline. Recent years, however, have seen increasing interest not only in how church and state should be related, but in the relation between divine authority and political authority, and in what religion has to say about the limits of state authority and the grounds of political obedience. In this book, Nicholas Wolterstorff addresses this whole complex of issues. He takes account of traditional answers to these questions, but on every point stakes out new positions. Wolterstorff offers a fresh theological defense of liberal democracy, argues that the traditional doctrine of 'two rules' should be rejected and offers a fresh exegesis of Romans 13; the canonical biblical passage for the tradition of Christian political theology. This book provides useful discussion for scholars and students of political theology, law and religion, philosophy of religion and social ethics"--
Relations between religious and political spheres continue to stir passionate debates on both sides of the Atlantic. Through a combination of theological reflection and empirical case studies, this text offers timely and invaluable insights into these crucial issues facing 21st century societies.
The future of love : essays in political theology
Constructing ethical patterns in times of globalization : Hans Küng's global ethic project and beyond
Reinhold Niebuhr and Christian realism
Islam in modern Turkey : an intellectual biography of Bediuzzaman Said Nursi
This volume examines the relationship between religion and politics from a historical perspective. Contributors address specific moments in which political governance intersects with religious ideals in dramatic ways. These moments question the relationship between religious sentiments and political solutions and threaten to reorder the geopolitical landscape. These essays discuss the tensions produced by secularism in an Islamic culture, the influence of Catholic theology in workers' political movements, and how Hinduism has been transformed by the political process. Also featured are essays that emphasize how civil religion coincides with constitutional order, and how the drama of religious tolerance and legitimization of the power of Christian hierarchy originated in the political power of the Roman emperor.
The book analyzes major theological trends and shifts of the twentieth century and focuses on the Interplay between Theology and Politics regarding Israel and Palestine.
End of days : essays on the apocalypse from antiquity to modernity
God and earthly power : an Old Testament political theology, Genesis-Kings
The future of illusion : political theology and early modern texts
The discourse of human dignity
The Cambridge history of medieval philosophy
John Wyclif 's Discourse on dominion in community
The Cambridge History of Medieval Philosophy comprises over fifty specially commissioned essays by experts on the philosophy of this period. Starting in the late eighth century, with the renewal of learning some centuries after the fall of the Roman Empire, a sequence of chapters take the reader through developments in many and varied fields, including logic and language, natural philosophy, ethics, metaphysics, and theology. Close attention is paid to the context of medieval philosophy, with discussions of the rise of the universities and developments in the cultural and linguistic spheres. A striking feature is the continuous coverage of Islamic, Jewish, and Christian material. There are useful biographies of the philosophers, and a comprehensive bibliography. The volume illuminates a rich and remarkable period in the history of philosophy and will be the authoritative source on medieval philosophy for the next generation of scholars and students alike.
Politics as a Christian vocation : faith and democracy today
Political affections : civic participation and moral theology
The voice of confessionalism and inter-Lutheran relations : the influence of the Missouri Synod in the Baltic and Ingrian Lutheran churches, 1991-2001
Community, justice, and freedom : liberalism, communitarianism, and African contributions to political ethics
Revolution and revelation : theology in the political thought of Friedrich Julius Stahl, Wilhelm Weitling and Karl Theodor Welcker
Reinhold Niebuhr and contemporary politics : God and power
Between philosophy and theology : contemporary interpretations of Christianity
