http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27675 signed speech
signed speech
Audio-oral speech and visuo-manual sign language as used by the Deaf community are two very different realizations of the human linguistic communication system. Sign language is not only used by the hearing impaired but also by different groups of hearing individuals. To date, there is a great discrepancy in scientific knowledge about signed and spoken languages. Particularly little is known about the integration of the two systems, even though the vast majority of deaf and hearing signers also have a command of some form of speech. This neurolinguistic study aimed to achieve basic knowledge about semantic integration mechanisms across speech and sign language in hearing native and non-native signers.Basic principles of sign processing as reflected in electrocortical brain activation and behavioral decisions were examined in three groups of study participants: Hearing native signers (children of deaf adults, CODAs), hearing late learned signers (professional sign language interpreters), and hearing non-signing controls. Event-related brain potentials (ERPs) and behavioral response frequencies were recorded while the participants performed a semantic decision task for priming lexeme pairs. The lexeme pairs were presented either within speech (spoken prime-spoken target) or across speech and sign language (spoken prime-signed target). Target-related ERP responses were subjected to temporal principal component analyses (tPCA). The neurocognitive basis of semantic integration processes were assessed by analyzing different ERP components (N170, N400, late positive complex) in response to the antonymic and unrelated targets. Behavioral decision sensitivity to the target lexemes is discussed in relation to the measured brain activity.Behaviorally, all three groups of study participants performed above chance level when making semantic decisions about the primed targets. Different result patterns, however, hinted at three different processing strategies. As the target-locked electrophysiological data was analyzed by PCA, for the first time in the context of sign language processing, objectively allocated ERP components of interest could be explored. A little surprisingly, the overall study results from the sign-naïve control group showed that they performed in a more content-guided way than expected. This suggested that even non-experts in the field of sign language were equipped with basic skills to process the cross-linguistically primed signs. Behavioral and electrophysiological study results together further brought up qualitative differences in processing between the native and late learned signers, which raised the question: can a unitary model of sign processing do justice to different groups of sign language users?
Signs in the brain: hearing signers' cross-linguistic semantic integration strategies
