http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27619 Euroscepticism
Euroscepticism
Europe's contending identities : supranationalism, ethnoregionalism, religion, and new nationalism
Europe's Parliament : people, places, politics
Euroscepticism : images of Europe among mass publics and political elites
Political parties and euroscepticism
Linking domestic and European politics : Finnish meps and the votes that shaped the 7th European parliament
Populist parties in Europe : agents of discontent?
Euroscepticism, Europhobia, Eurocriticism : radical parties of the right and the left vis-รก-vis the European Union
Euroscepticism : problem or solution? : framing Euroscepticism in mainstream media and writings by Eurosceptics in Sweden, Finland and Estonia 2000-2006
Contesting Europe : exploring euroscepticism in online media coverage
Is the EU built on "solid foundations" or "on the verge to collapse"? : A comparative study of metaphors for euro area financial crisis and related topics in British anti- and pro-EU political blogs
Europe and the Post-Yugoslav space
Abstract.
Summary: The euro crisis has led to an unprecedented Europeanization and politicization of public spheres across the continent. In this volume, leading scholars make two claims. First, they suggest that transnational crossborder communication in Europe has been encouraged through the gradual Europeanization of national as well as issue-specific public spheres. Second, the politicization of European affairs - at the European Union (EU) level and in the domestic politics of member states - is inevitable and here to stay. Europeanized...
"Since 2009, the UK Independence Party (UKIP) has become the most successful challenger to the main parties in postwar English politics. Yet with the radical right on the rise, important questions remain unanswered. What trends in modern Britain have made the rise of UKIP possible? How has the party modified its organization, strategy and ideology in the quest to forge ties with voters? Who is voting for the populist radical right in Britain, and why? To what extent, if at all, are UKIP supporters the mirror image of radical right voters in Europe, and where might the party go next? Based on an unprecedented amount of data, from surveys of UKIP voters to extensive interviews with UKIP insiders, Robert Ford and Matthew Goodwin explore the wider trends that gave birth to UKIP, how the party has evolved, and who is shifting behind UKIP at elections. The book provides unprecedented insight into public support for the radical right in Britain, and contains important insights for those who are tasked with responding to the radical right challenge"--
Revolt on the right : explaining support for the radical right in Britain
European public spheres : politics is back
