http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27607 reed
reed
Sugar and society in the Caribbean : an economic history Cuban agriculture
Plant biotechnology for sustainable production of energy and co-products
The landsape of the mind : the artist representing the modern man
Tracing the sources : Arcadia - European nostalgia and escape from reality
"Efficient use and production of energy is a relevant factor for a green economy. Sustainable use of energy resources has significant effects on the development and preservation of the Central Baltic Sea Region environment in the next decades and centuries. Diverse use of biomass in energy production is important for increasing the energy supply to meet our growing demands and solving our local, regional and global environmental challenges. The objective of the Pure Biomass project was to build public understanding about the benefits of using biomass for energy production. Project activities were based on studies of biomass availability, technical-economic aspects and environmental protection. The results can be used to promote the technical and economic benefits of the use of different types of biomass feedstock in energy production in the project focus areas. This publication offers the main results of the multinational Pure Biomass project in the form of articles written by experts in their own fields. The publication consists of studies conducted during the project and will reveal the experiences gained within and also outside the project network." --
Reed energy : possibilities of using the Common Reed for energy generation in Southern Finland
Bringing art to life : turn-of-the-century Finnish artists' homes
Sugar-cane diseases : a guide for field identification
Sugar processing and by-products of the sugar industry
Sugarcane resources for sustainable development : a case study in Luena, Zambia
Decorative or outrageous : the significance of the Common Reed (Phragmites australis) on water quality
Tracing the sources : Arcadia - European nostalgia and escape from reality / T. H.
The extended family in the Finnish Karelia : the family system in Ruokolahti 1750-1850
The Spirit of the Forest : Finnish art from the UPM-Kymmene collection : [Kunsthalle Helsinki, 11.10. - 11.11.2001] / [editorial team: Eero Niinikoski, Timo Valjakka, Annika Waenerberg, Birgit Onniselkä]
Surface and depth : early modernism in Finland 1890-1920 : Ateneum Art Museum, Helsinki, [8.3. - 30.9.2001] / editor: Riitta Ojanperä ; English edition: Timo Huusko ; assistants: Outi Alatalo-Pöllänen...[et al.]
Read up on reed!
The eutrophication of some pelotrophic lakes; a palaeolimnological study
Plantation societies in the era of European expansion
Sugar country : the cane sugar industry in the South, 1753-1950
A cultural history of the avant-garde in the Nordic countries 1900-1925 / edited by Hubert van den Berg ... [et al.]
Surface and depth : early modernism in Finland 1890-1920 : Ateneum, [Helsinki], 8.3. - 30.9.2001 / [editor: Timo Huusko ; texts: Riitta Ojanperä and Timo Huusko]
Income and nutritional effects of the commercialization of agriculture in southwestern Kenya
The protection of sugarcane and sugar beets, January 1979 - February 1988 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Reporting on Cuba : literacy campaign, Bay of Pigs (Playa Girón), October crisis, hurricane "Flora", Guantánamo Base, fighting the bandits, sugar harvest
Nostalgia for the primordial : Arcadia / Timo Huusko
Landscape of the mind : the artist representing the modern man / T. H.
Imatran seutu : city-opas 2003 = Imatra region : city guide 2003 = Region Imatra
Sugarcane improvement through breeding
Settlement and environment in the southern Saimaa area during the stone age
Sugar : a bittersweet history
Vegetated purification system
Sugarcane as feed : proceedings of an FAO expert consultation held in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic from 7-11 July 1986
Structural differencies of wheat straw, sugar cane bagasse and eucalypt
Kuopio-Gallery / edition, texts: Outi Vuorikari ; Kuopio-Minneapolis Art Exchange Board
Sugar and society in China : peasants, technology, and the world market
The importance of edge effect in line transect censuses applied in marshland habitats
The lonely mother and shame : what do infanticides and illegitimate mothers tell about community?
Suomen pankin juhlahuoneisto = Finlands banks festvåning = Bank of Finland banqueting hall
Potential and competitiveness of biomass as energy source in central Baltic Sea region : results and findings of the pure biomass project 2012-2013
Feeding systems for goats based on foliages and whole sugar cane
Reed construction in the Baltic Sea region
Summary: Boating map : South Karelia.
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
The artist : self-portait : artist life / Timo Huusko
Focus on Finnish art : air, water, earth : the Azabu museum of arts and crafts, 18.11. - 25.12.1994 : Takaoka art museum, 20.1. - 19.2.1995 : Nagano prefectual Shinano art museum, 25.2. - 26.3.1995 : Fukuyama museum of art, 31.3. - 23.4.1995 : Daimaru Osa
The sugar cane
Maalauksia Bäcksbackan kokoelmasta : Helsingin kaupungintalo = Målningar ur samling Bäcksbacka : Helsingfors stadshus = Paintings from the Bäcksbacka collection : the City Hall of Helsinki : 26.8. - 12.9.1971 : Helsingin Juhlaviikot / Helsingin Juhlaviikot ; [tekstit = texter] Marja Liisa Bell, Ingjald Bäcksbacka
I sold myself; I was bought : a socioeconomic analysis based on interviews with sugar-cane harvesters in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia
Postharvest biotechnology of sugar crops
Nematodes on sugar cane in Cuba and their relationships with Pokkah Boeng Disease caused by Fusarium moniliforme
Environmental impacts of sugar production : the cultivation and processing of sugarcane and sugar beet
Bioenergy - realizing the potential
A true & exact history of the island of Barbadoes illustrated with a map of the island, as also the principal trees and plants there, set forth in their due proportions and shapes, drawn out by their several and respective scales : together with the ingenio that makes the sugar, with the plots..
Application of advanced geospatial computation and technology to model and manage coastal environments
Harold Lloyd Lyon : Hawaiian sugar botanist
Multi Functions of Wetland Systems : proceedings of the International Conference on Multi Functions of Wetland Systems Legnaro (Pd), Italy, 26th-29th June 2007
