http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27618 modularity
modularity
Modularization of custom-made sheet metal product
Modulatority in health and social services : perspectives in organization and management
Future floating community for Singapore 2030
Mechanised formal reasoning about modular programs
Computational analysis of large and time-dependent social networks
The goals of this thesis were to improve the product quality and optimizing production process of a modular cabin unit, specifically in a project for a Brazilian EEP shipyard where ALMACO Group delivers a living quarter with modular cabins to a drillship. ALMACO does not have its own production facilities and the method is to subcontract all work and material from different vendors from all over the world. This creates challenges in both quality control and production efficiency because the work force and products differ from one project to another. To improve the production process it was taken closer to lean compatible series production rather than batch production. The thesis includes theoretical speculation of the production development, quality and modularity. The key element of the process development was consulting ALMACO staff of the difficulties in cabin production in the past projects so the difficulties could be avoided in the EEP project and also in the future projects. The best solutions from different projects were found and they were combined together to ensure better quality and more efficient production. As a result of the thesis a cabin assembly manual was devised. The manual needed to be specific enough to ensure the quality of the product in the EEP project but it also needed to be easily convertible for future projects. Essential for the assembly manual was to create simple and specific 3D images that describe different work phases. The 3D models were created by using other TUAS students as subvendors and part of the thesis was managing the 3D design project.
Towards service modularity : service and business model development
The development of a modular cabin assembly process = [Modulaarisen hytin kokoonpanoprosessin kehittäminen]
Immediate invisible
Modularity in health and social services : perspectives on organization and management
Planned continuity : design of sustainable clothing service concept
Towards service modularity - service and business model development
Virtual connections in FUAS : creating the concept for a module including a work-related project
Brownfield process : a method for the rationalisation of existing product variety towards a modular product family
For how long does it take to be assembled?
Dimensionality, noise separation and full frequency band perspectives of ICA in resting state fMRI : investigations into ICA in resting state fMRI
Productizing professional marketing services through service blueprinting
Divided by you : creating flexible walls with functions
Dimensionality, noise separation and full frequency band perspectives of ICA in resting state fMRI:investigations into ICA in resting state fMRI
Complexity optimization in product development with modularization
