http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2760 arrangements (works)
arrangements (works)
Playboy Latin jazz Christmas : a not so silent night
Folk songs of the world
First repertoire for cello and piano. Book two
Abstract.
Greatest of all time standards : for all organs
Carmen : an opera in four acts
Folk roots, new routes
Collected songs : medium / low voice : 60 songs
Bible manuscripts : 1400 years of scribes and scripture
The Cambridge companion to Shakespeare and popular culture
Little drop of poison
Beginning iOS 5 Application Development
Simple gifts : (Shaker song)
Venus' wheel
Classical chillout : gold : for solo piano
Transforming Shakespeare : contemporary women's re-visions in literature and performance
Classic themes from great composers : intermediate level
Descriptive adaptation studies : epistemological and methodological issues
Light my fire
How high the moon : Three jazz classics
Beautiful Hymns and Spirituals
Chart hits : 15 popular songs : really easy flute
Wher'er you walk : (from Semele)
Folk songs of many lands
King Lear
Chart hits : 15 popular songs : really easy saxophone
Twilight: collector's edition graphic novel
The hot rock
Oriental night fever : a project by Hector Zazou, Barbara Eramo, Stefano Saletti
Broadway's Footloose musical : Easy piano vocal selections
The golden library of organ music 3
Six romances on verses by English poets
Celtic woman : songbook
He shall feed his flock : (from Messiah)
Come, magnify the Lord : S A, text from the Magnificat
The sound of music : from the musical play "The sound of music"
Coral : arrangements for two free bass accordions
Songs from Frozen, Tangled and Enchanted : alto sax
The dodger : (Campaign song), for T. T. B. B. with baritone solo
The Bumber book of Christmas songs : 30 traditional & popular seasonal songs for piano, vocal & guitar with CD accompaniment
Down by the riverside
Who did it first? : great rock and roll cover songs and their original artists
Around the world with Señor Coconut and His Orchestra
Shakespearean films/Shakespearean directors
Three brilliant showpieces : arranged for flute ensemble
Playalong symphonic themes
Sing 'n' swing : Pop-Songs für gemischten Chor = pop songs for mixed choir. Heft 3
The Beatles Uncovered : 1.000.000 Mop-Top Murders by the fans and the famous
Stanley Kubrick : adapting the sublime
Stage appropriations of Shakespeare's major tragedies, 1979-2010
Hollywood, mon amour : 80's movie songs
Saturday night fever : all organ
120+ waltz & march favorites : piano, electronic keyboard, guitar and all 'C' instruments
Dearly beloved
Elric of Melniboné
A Christmas tradition : A celebration with the accordion
Oscar Wilde's the picture of Dorian Gray : a graphic novel
Costs and effectiveness of hearing aid rehabilitation in the elderly
Shakespeare in America
Edelweiss : from The sound of music
Amour
What makes Sammy swing!
Famous pop-songs for classical guitar : 9 easy arrangements. [1]
Hymn to freedom
Once were warriors: The aftermath : the controversy of OWW in aotearoa New Zealand
Jazz in the classroom : a tribute to Quincy Jones. Vol. 6.
Cool tributes :  the chill-out session
Let us have music for piano : Thirty-two famous melodies
Grimms' tales around the globe : the dynamics of their international reception
Abba : the tribute
Wayfaring stranger : a spiritual songbook
Country favorites
Essential melodies. Position 1-5 : famous classics for violin
Herb Alpert -complete
"This volume looks at the ways in which adaptations can and have been taught by leading academics in the field of Adaptation Studies from all over the world. While aware that Shakespeare and canonical literature remain the mainstay of adaptation study in English, Teaching Adaptations addresses the challenges and appeal of teaching popular fiction and culture, video games and new media content, which serve to enrich the curriculum, as well as exploit the changing methods by which English students read and consume literary and screen texts. The volume is structured to appeal to both those who are considering teaching adaptations for the first time as well as those who are familiar with key perspectives in adaptation criticism"--
Make believe in film and fiction : visual vs. verbal storytelling
Erich Kunzel Cincinnati Pops Orchestra perform music of The Beatles
Down by the sea : a collection of British folk songs
Billy Elliot : the musical
He's got the whole world in his hands : from the Marion Kerby original collection of negro exaltations
100 Shakespeare films
Raymond Chandler on screen : his novels into film
The golden library of organ music 1
The invisible artist : arrangers in popular music (1950-2000)
Jazz & the philharmonic
Shakespeare, Jonson, and the claims of the performative
RE-AC-TOR
Try to rememeber : from the Fantasticks
Shakespeare without class : misappropriations of cultural capital
Mamma mia! : choral highlights from Mamma mia!
Classical Beatles : the songs of Lennon, McCartney & George Harrison
No future without forgiveness
Harry Potter and the Chamber of the Secrets
Child ballads
Teaching adaptations
The tempest
Easy Star's Lonely Hearts Dub Band
The Baroque Beatles book
Vocalise : op. 34, no. 14 for viola and piano
Into the woods
A midsummer night's dream
Tell me, lovely shepherd : from Solomon a serenata : air
Famous pop-songs for classical guitar : 9 arrangements. 4
Famous pop-songs for classical guitar : 9 arrangements. 3
The ancient question : ...a voyage through Jewish songs
Sing 'n' swing : Pop-Songs für gemischten Chor = pop songs for mixed choir. Heft 1
Adaptation studies : new challenges, new directions
Hiram Bullock plays the music of Jimi Hendrix with Billy Cobham & WDR Big Band Köln: adapted & arranged by Bernd Lechtenfeld
Adaptation studies : new approaches
The complete Columbia albums collection
I bought me a cat : (children's song), for S. A. T. B. (tenor and soprano solos)
Twitterature : the world's greatest books retold through twitter
Transcriptions for accordion : with an example of J.S. Bach ́s French Suite E major (BWV 817)
Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet : the manga edition
Rubank trombone symphony : a collection of compositions especially adapted for 4 trombones (baritone and tuba ad lib.) and recommended for class work
Nat Adderley : 10 favorite songs : Book and CD for Bb, Eb, C and bass clef instruments
Take it easy : The Fab Four go loungecore
All the things you are : Three jazz classics
Porgy and Bess : selections for violin and piano
Peter and the wolf : symphonic tale for children
Shakespeare, film, fin-de-siècle
The sound of music : choral selection SSA
Early Hungarian dances = Alte ungarische Tänze für Kinderstreichorkester : for children's string orchestra (first position) with percussion ad libitum
Jazz in the classroom : a tribute to Duke Ellington. Vol. 8.
Flexible strings : Fünf Stücke für variables Streicher-Ensemble = Five pieces for variable string ensemble
The jungle book : an animals primer
March : from "Music for children"
The big easy... flute
First year popular solos for alto sax. Volume 1
Shakespeare's legacy : the appropriation of the plays in post-colonial drama
Give me Jesus / Spirituals
Music of the world : for SSA choir with piano accompaniment
Greatest hits
Live at Benaroya Hall
Dreams : Divine
Edelweiss : from "The sound of music", for female chorus (SSA)
My favourite things : from the musical play "The sound of music"
Christmas hits : easy playalong for violin
Love & choir : 6 pop ballads arranged for mixed voices (SSATB) a cappella
Assassin's creed. Templars. [Book 1]
Shakespeare's Hamlet : the manga edition
Faith & Harmony : Gregorian choir chants pop classics
Forgiveness and reconciliation : theory and application
Boris Godounov : A national music dram in four acts with a prologue
Word & image : articulations on literature & films
Great pop cover songs and their original artists
Clarinet : the legendary series
A suitable boy : a novel
Voces 8 : A cappella songbook : eight songs for eight-part vocal groups = acht songs für achtstimmiges vokalensemble
The wonderful world of Puccini : His greatest melodies arranged for piano
New eyes on baroque
Complete handbook for the music arranger
Shakespeare's Macbeth : the manga edition
A christmas tradition : a celebration with the accordion
Love is a many splendored thing
Cinematic Shakespeare
Famous pop-songs for classical guitar : 9 arrangements. 2
Requiem for a pink moon : an Elizabethan tribute to Nick Drake
Sing 'n' swing : Pop-Songs für gemischten Chor = pop songs for mixed choir. Heft 2
Essentials of orchestration
Greek tragedy on screen
Now's the time : with the Joey DeFrancesco Trio for all musicians
Happiness is ... a good transcription : shortcomings in the sheet music publications in the music of the Beatles (1967-68)
Romeo and Juliet
Dreams
A history of Shakespeare on screen : a century of film and television
Stage anthology
Sonatas and partitas for unaccompanied violin
Twilight : the graphic novel. Volume 2
Same tree different fruit :  12 songs of Abba
The emperor and the nightingale
Stokowski and the organ
What a wonderful world : for mixed chorus
Long time ago : (Ballad), for S. A. T. B.
Classical themes : 1 piano, 4 hands
The Very best of Christmas : The most beautifulChristmas songs in easy arrangements for piano = Die schönsten Christmas Songs in leichten arrangements für Klavier
I  know that my Redeemer liveth : (from Messiah)
Blues : 16 Arrangements für variable Besetzung = 16 arrangements for variable instrumentation
This collection of essays offers a sustained, theoretically rigorous rethinking of various issues at work in film and other media adaptations. The essays in the volume as a whole explore the reciprocal, intertextual quality of adaptations that permeate the contemporary media experience—from books, to films, to music, to graphic novels. The central argument in this book is that texts in various media always borrow, rework, and adapt each other in complex ways; in addition, the authors in this volume explore the specific forces (social, economic, historical, and authorial) that are at work in particular texts and intertexts. Together, the fourteen essays emphasize that adaptations, in the intersections they create across different media, inhabit a sort of cross-fertilization that is both artistically productive and affirmative of difference. The volume takes as its starting point the assumption that adapters cannot simply “transpose” or transfer one particular text from one medium to another. They must interpret, re-work, and re-imagine the precursor text in order to choose the various meanings and sensations they find most compelling (or most cost-effective); then, they create scenes, characters, plot elements, etc., that match their interpretation. These very relationships are the subject matter this collection seeks to explore. Poststructural theory is an ideal place to begin a rigorous and theoretically sound investigation of adaptation. As adaptation studies adopts a poststructuralist lens and defines this richer notion of intertextuality, some of its key assumptions will change. Adaptation scholars will recognize that all film adaptations are intertextual by definition, multivocal by necessity, and adaptive by their nature. This book brings together innovative, original work from fourteen scholars in the fields of adaptation studies, media studies, and critical theory. It includes essays of theoretical concern in adaptation studies as well as essays that engage with specific single and multi-source adaptations (among them, film adaptations of Jane Austen and James Joyce’s fiction, Ang Lee’s Brokeback Mountain, David Lynch’s Lost Highway, and George Romero’s Night of the Living Dead). The volume is divided into three interrelated sections: Fidelity, Ethics, and Intertextuality; Literature, Film Adaptations, and Beyond; and Adaptation as Departure. Overall, it promises to help move the study of adaptation from the fringe of critical studies to the more central role it can and should fulfill in the complex contemporary media landscape.
Autumn leaves : Three jazz classics
A world of anthems : 60 national anthems arranged for voice and piano
Pockets of change : adaptation and cultural transition
If on a winter's night
Chim chim cher-ee : from Walt Disney's Mary Poppins
The golden library of organ music 2
The ultimate collection
Screen adaptation : a scriptwriting handbook
Classical themes for electric guitar : 25 solo arrangements
The Carpenters for trumpet
Henry VIII
Seasons of love
Chart hits : 15 popular songs : really easy clarinet
The Tempest
Giant combo-fake book : 126 full sounding dance arrangements: B-flat book
"This book will constitute an original intervention into longstanding but insistently relevant debates around the significance of notions of 'performativity' to the critical analysis of early modern drama. In particular, the book aims to:show how the investigation of performativity can enable readings of Shakespeare and Jonson that challenge the dominant methodological frameworks within which those plays have come to be read;demonstrate that the thought of performativity does not come to rest in the simplicity of method or instrumentality, and that it resists its own claim that language and action might be understood as unproblematically instrumental;demonstrate that this self-resistance occurs or takes place as a moment in the process of articulating the claims of the performative, and that this process is itself in an important sense dramatic"--
Folk Songs of Many Lands
Benjamin Carr's Federal overture (1794)
