http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27697 meta-analysis
meta-analysis
Employment effects of reducing labour costs : considering potential bias in macro-estimates of the elasticity of labour demand
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
Research methods in psychology
Closure : a story of everything
Hume's scepticism and realism : his two profound arguments against the senses in an enquiry concerning human understanding
Towards the Semantic Web and Web services : proceedings of the XML Finland 2002 Conference
Practical meta-analysis
The role of intuitions in philosophical methodology
The legacy of Zellig Harris : language and information into the 21st century. Vol. 1, Philosophy of science, syntax, and semantics
Covering the key research methods, both qualitative and quantitative, this work takes into account developments in the techniques in psychology and across the social sciences.
The gravity of thought
Students' scientific thinking in higher education : logical thinking and conceptions of scientific thinking in universities and universities of applied sciences
Meta-analysis, decision analysis and cost-effectiveness analysis : methods for quantitative synthesis in medicine
Work engagement and job performance : a meta-analysis of lagged and cross-lagged studies
Introduction to meta-analysis
Meta-analysis : a structural equation modeling approach
Ethics and evidence-based medicine : fallibility and responsibility in clinical science
The balance of meaning : exploring the possibility of a recognition-transcendent meaning of religious and existentially important terms
Meta-analysis on children's suggestibility in interviews : the effects of the child's age, post-event delay, event-type, and question-type
The art of enterprise information architecture : a systems-based approach for unlocking business insight
Abuse characteristics moderate the effect of child sexual abuse on psychosexual distress : a meta-analysis
Metaphysics : a contemporary introduction
Validity & social experimentation : Donald Campbell's legacy
Contextual and structural metadata in enterprise document management
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Principles of data mining
Meta analysis : a guide to calibrating and combining statistical evidence
Meta-analysis with R
Seeing through statistics
Duration of untreated psychosis : association with clinical and social outcomes and brain morphology in schizophrenia
Mining user generated content
An introduction to philosophical analysis
Introduction to indexing and abstracting
The art of fiction : illustrated from classic and modern texts
Metaphysics : contemporary readings
Evaluation : meta-analysis of development evaluations in 2007 and 2008
The essential guide to effect sizes : statistical power, meta-analysis, and the interpretation of research results
State of the art applications of social network analysis
Philosophy and Terry Pratchett
Duration of untreated psychosis:association with clinical and social outcomes and brain morphology in schizophrenia
Metaliterary layers in Finnish literature
The Cambridge companion to feminism in philosophy
Cochrane handbook for systematic reviews of interventions : version 5.1.0
Archetype : a natural history of the self
Insights into the repair mechanism of iron-sulfur clusters in Eschericia coli
Originating from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and many other networking sites, the social media shared by users and the associated metadata are collectively known as user generated content (UGC). To analyze UGC and glean insight about user behavior, robust techniques are needed to tackle the huge amount of real-time, multimedia, and multilingual data. Researchers must also know how to assess the social aspects of UGC, such as user relations and influential users. Mining User Generated Content is the first focused effort to compile state-of-the-art research and address future directions of UGC. It explains how to collect, index, and analyze UGC to uncover social trends and user habits. Divided into four parts, the book focuses on the mining and applications of UGC. The first part presents an introduction to this new and exciting topic. Covering the mining of UGC of different medium types, the second part discusses the social annotation of UGC, social network graph construction and community mining, mining of UGC to assist in music retrieval, and the popular but difficult topic of UGC sentiment analysis. The third part describes the mining and searching of various types of UGC, including knowledge extraction, search techniques for UGC content, and a specific study on the analysis and annotation of Japanese blogs. The fourth part on applications explores the use of UGC to support question-answering, information summarization, and recommendations.
Systematic reviews in health care : a practical guide
Airway responsiveness and inflammation in young children with respiratory symptoms
Methods of meta-analysis : correcting error and bias in research findings
Metalanguage in interaction : Hebrew discourse markers
Meta-analysis for explanation : a casebook
Abstract: Meta-analysis of develoment evaluations in 2007 and 2008. - Summary (s. 16-20).
Evaluation : meta-analysis of development evaluations in 2006
Reappraisals of Eino Kaila's philosophy
Conceptual analysis and philosophical naturalism
Genetic regulatory in avian B cells
The thirteen specially-commissioned essays in this volume are written by philosophers at the forefront of feminist scholarship, and are designed to provide an accessible and stimulating guide to a philosophical literature that has seen massive expansion in recent years. Ranging from history of philosophy through metaphysics to philosophy of science, they encompass all the core subject areas commonly taught in anglophone undergraduate and graduate philosophy courses, offering both an overview of and a contribution to the relevant debates. Together they testify to the intellectual value of feminism as a radicalizing energy internal to philosophical inquiry. This volume will be essential reading for any student or teacher of philosophy who is curious about the place of feminism in their subject.
Outcomes and their predictors in schizophrenia in the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Statistical meta-analysis with applications
Metapragmatics in use
Cataloging and classification : an introduction
Being, identity, and truth
Partial magic : the novel as a self-conscious genre
Songs of the border people : genre, reflexivity, and performance in Karelian oral poetry
Social network analysis increasingly bridges the discovery of patterns in diverse areas of study as more data becomes available and complex. Yet the construction of huge networks from large data often requires entirely different approaches for analysis including; graph theory, statistics, machine learning and data mining. This work covers frontier studies on social network analysis and mining from different perspectives such as social network sites, financial data, e-mails, forums, academic research funds, XML technology, blog content, community detection and clique finding, prediction of user's- behavior, privacy in social network analysis, mobility from spatio-temporal point of view, agent technology and political parties in parliament. These topics will be of interest to researchers and practitioners from different disciplines including, but not limited to, social sciences and engineering.
The fourth edition of the late Lois Mai Chan's classic Cataloging and Classification covers the analysis and representation of methods used in describing, organizing, and providing access to resources made available in or through libraries. Resource Description and Access (RDA) is the new standard developed by the Library of Congress. With the help of the coauthor, Athena Salaba, this text is modified throughout to conform to the new standard. Retaining the overall outline of the previous edition, this text presents the essence of library cataloging and classification in terms of three basic functions: descriptive cataloging, subject access, and classification. This book is the standard text for the teaching and understanding of cataloging and classification.
Comprehensive systematic review for advanced practice nursing
