http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27600 image marketing
image marketing
A communication study : case Best-Hall Oy
World branding : concept, strategy and design
National image and competitive advantage : the theory and practice of country-of-origin effect
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
The book walks the reader through the different ways in which brands drive the company's strategy, bring meaning to employees, instil passion in consumers, and maintain their appeal over time and across countries. It does not look only at the marketing aspect of brands but also at the organizational aspects of branding, which provides a holistic approach to the subject.
Placebo is for real : how to apply the placebo effect to consumer marketing
Content strategy at work : real-world stories to strengthen every interactive project
Generation of artist's brand image in fine art licensing business
What is branding
Brand meaning
Strategic brand management
Blending emotional branding and sustainable thinking, this book will help brands understand the foundations of desire to create sustainable brand loyalty, healthier societies, and more fulfilled customers. Supported by interviews and case studies, Simpson explores five primary desires: self-worth, social life, culture, comfort, and exploration.
A framework for marketing management
Content is king... and the new kingmaker... and your message needs to align with your model and metrics and other mumbo jumbo, right? Whether you're slogging through theory or buzzwords, there's no denying content strategy is coming of age. But what's in it for you? And if you're not a content strategist, why should you care? Because even if content strategy isn't your job, content's probably your problem-and probably more than you think. You or your business has a message you want to deliver, right? You can deliver that message through various channels and content types, from Tweets to testimonials and photo galleries galore, and your audience has just as many ways of engaging with it. So many ways, so much content. so where's the problem? That is the problem. And you can measure it in time, creativity, money, lost opportunity, and the sobs you hear equally from creative directors, project managers, and search engine marketing specialists. The solution is content strategy, and this book offers real-world examples and approaches you can adopt, no matter your role on the team. Put content strategy to work for you by gathering this book into your little hands and gobbling up never-before seen case studies from teams at Johns Hopkins Medicine, MINI, Icebreaker, and more. Content Strategy at Work is a book for designers, information architects, copywriters, project managers, and anyone who works with visual or verbal content. It discusses how you can communicate and forge a plan that will enable you, your company, or your client get that message across and foster better user experiences. Presents a solid content strategy framework and ways to implement in your business and with your clients Includes a multitude of case studies interviews both successes and failures from different industries and a variety of company types Details what you need to incorporate best practices such as resources, time, and budget.
The marketing imagination
Ageless marketing : strategies for reaching the hearts & minds of the new customer majority
Brand spirit : how cause related marketing builds brands
Imaginative marketing
Brand psychology : consumer perceptions, corporate reputations
Brand famous : how to get everyone talking about your business
The customer perception of the image of a concept hotel : case: Hotel Yöpuu
Tourism promotion and power : creating images, creating identities
Brand apart
Destination branding : creating the unique destination proposition
Place branding is happening. A new field of practice and study is in existence and whatever we choose to call it there can no longer be any doubt that it is with us. This collection of intuitive and well-reserached articles examines how places and regions see themselves, and how they reflect this in their branding.
Brand culture
Coffee House company image in the eyes of the customers
Rethinking Prestige Branding examines the successful development and promotion of prestige brands, explaining not just how they're sold but how consumers respond to them.
A branded world : adventures in public relations and the creation of superbrands
Destination branding in a country context : a case study of Finland in British market
Fashion branding and consumer behaviors : scientific models
Formation of the internal employer brand : case Nordea
Museum branding : redefining museums for the 21st century : selected papers from the ICOM MPR 2014 conference
Identifying Bangladesh as a tourism destination in Finland : Case: Cox's Bazar
In search of the sense of Finnish lakes : a geographical approach to lake tourism marketing
Unbrandable : how to succeed in the new brand space
Consumer-driven innovation in food and personal care products
Romancing the market
Personal branding on Facebook and its perceived benefits
Low-budget marketing for rookies
Discovering identity and brand formation in a startup : a case exploration
Fashion Branding and Consumer Behaviors presents eye-opening theory, literature review, and original research on the mutual influence of branding strategies and consumer response. Contributors use multiple methods to analyze consumers' psychosocial needs and the extent that their fulfillment goes beyond the usefulness or value of the items they purchase as well as the fashion industry's means of communicating brand identity and enhancing brand loyalty. Along the way, these studies raise important questions about consumer behaviors, consumer welfare, and the future of consumer research. Included in the coverage: A symbolic interactionist perspective on fashion brand personality and advertisement response. Optimizing fashion branding strategies in a fluctuating market. An analysis of fashion brand extensions by artificial neural networks. Domestic or foreign luxury brands? A comparison of status- and non-status- seeking teenagers. The impact of consumers' need for uniqueness on purchase perception. How brand awareness relates to market outcome, brand equity, and the marketing mix. A breakthrough volume on the complexities of how and why we buy, Fashion Branding and Consumer Behaviors will captivate researchers and practitioners in the fields of consumer psychology, marketing, and economics.
What is a 21st century brand? : new thinking from the next generation of advertising leaders
"Why do we trust some brands more than others? How important is integrity for a brand's survival? How can brand confidence be rebuilt during a crisis? Using both new and classic insights from social psychology, cognitive psychology and neuroscience, Brand Psychology reveals the hidden processes behind why certain brands command our loyalty, trust and - most importantly - disposable income. Reputation management authority Jonathan Gabay takes readers on a tour of the corporate, political, and personal brands whose understanding of consumer psychology has either built or broken them. Suitable for marketing, branding and PR professionals, reputation management specialists and students, Brand Psychology takes examples from e-cigarette legislation, the iPhone 5S's fingerprint ID technology, Barclays' branded bikes and the London 2012 Olympics, Miley Cyrus and the UK National Health Service's big data to reveal how to build a meaningful brand that resonates with the public" --
Culture jam : how to reverse America's suicidal consumer binge - and why we must
Brand equity & advertising : advertising's role in building strong brands
Brand identity and image in B2B factory automation context
Creating brand for CoreFinland Ltd
Iittala village : a retail concept for the Iittala brand looked through the eyes of the Chinese customer
StoryBrandingTM : creating standout brands through the power of story
Image marketing : using public perceptions to attain business objectives
Brand warfare : 10 rules for building the killer brand
Branding the nation : the global business of national identity
Designing B2B brands : lessons from Deloitte and 195,000 brand managers
Rethinking prestige branding : secrets of the ueber-brands
Star design uncovered : creation of a branding tool for product and furniture designers
Eco-labels as sustainability brands : the role of visual design and co-branding in credibility of eco-labels
How brands become icons : the principles of cultural branding
Starting your career as a photo stylist : a comprehensive guide to photo shoots, marketing, business, fashion, wardrobe, off-figure, product, prop, room sets, and food styling
The Brand Image versus the Brand Identity ‎of a New Brand ‎ : Case RIPS Ruis Snack
Cool nations : media and the social imaginary of the branded country
Creating powerful brands : the strategic route to success in consumer, industrial and service markets
A Study in Visual Communication - Case Functional Home at the Senior Generation Exhibition in St. Petersburg
Places : identity, image and reputation
Branding : a practical guide to planning your strategy
Broadcast sponsorship; modifying brand image and expanding target audience through programme choice
The definitive book of branding
Handbook on tourism destinations branding : with an introduction by Simon Anholt
Nation branding is the most recent feature of imagined nation-making in the history of nations. Facing global competition, national decision-makers aim to distinguish their countries from others by means of branding. Quite a few nations have considered the term 'cool' suitable for describing some essence of their country's brand. Cool Nations. Media and the Social Imaginary of the Branded Country traces the mediated ways in which the transnational idea of "cool" has circulated from popular culture, fashion, and marketing into describing nations. The book explores the commodification of the nation, the shift to a promotional political culture, and the role of media in contributing to the circulation of the idea of the Cool Nation. The social imaginary of nation branding takes its theory and practices from marketing, unlike earlier imaginations based on ideas of democracy or citizenship. Cool Nations argues that "cool" is one of the vehicles through which the commodification of nations takes place.
Consumer-based brand equity : an insight into its content and meaning
Participatory design of visual product identity concepts : towards a user experience styleguide
Creating Brand for CoreFinland Ltd
The objective of the study was to clarify the grade of the client company- brand awareness in Russia, Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. The purpose of the thesis was to determine how the consumers in Russia, Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania would react to the company's brand change and in which way the implementation of a new brand should be done in Baltic Rim countries outlook-wise. The theoretical framework covered the most relevant issues of marketing research and branding. The empirical study was conducted by a questionnaire. The questionnaires were sent to the company's customers in Russia, Poland, Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia in the summer of 2008 by email. The number of sent questionnaires was 88 in total.     The questionnaires provided information on the present situation of the company's brand in the countries in question. The findings showed that the awareness of the new brand is fairly weak in almost all of the countries, and the awareness of the old brand is weak in some of the countries. The conclusions were based on the results. Recommendations were given for the company's decisions makers on what method would be recommended to be used in the brand implementation in each of the countries based on the analysis of the results derived from the questionnaire, as well as on the theory used. The further research chapter suggests further research topics and recommended courses of actions.
Internal branding in business-to-business environment : measuring holistic brand image through employee brand perceptions
Brand implementation in Baltic rim countries
Building brand awareness for Vuarnet : case company: Face Sun Ltd
Destination branding for small cities : the essentials for successful place branding
Design management in a startup : a multiple case study on managing the visual product identity in 13 startup companies
This new text covers the principles of brand management and strategy, succintly following a natural sequence of branding topics, from the building of a new brand, to brand extension and the creation of a global brand, to the management of a firm's brand portfolio.
Subliminal persuasion : influence and marketing secrets they don't want you to know
Effects of marketing communications on business-to-business buying process : case company: Suomen Ammattimedia SUOMA Oy
Organising capacity - a collective process leading to place branding : coordination, co-operation and engagement
Reflecting corporate values through brand image and identity : case: Company X
Estonian Dairy Assosiation's milk messenger model
Product knowledge in an interdisciplinary context : analysing product meanings among the member roles of the marketing channel
The research aims to build brand for a small-sized company namely CoreFinland Ltd. Herein, the main objective of this research is to create CoreFinland as a brand in b-to-b customers' context. This broader milestone is achieved by studying the case company's brand identity and brand image issues. The first part of this research makes a comparative study of varieties of relevant literature from different writers. The theories discuss b-to-b brand relevance and extend to the major study areas: brand identity and brand image. This is a qualitative research, carried out by using semi-structured interviews with the company personnel in order to find out the brand identity and with the business customers to reveal the current com-pany image. The revealed image is contrasted with the identity and, finally, a suitable identity for the company is suggested. The study reveals that the company's brand image among the customers corresponds only moderately with the company's brand identity because of lack of brand communi-cation, an insufficient product range and insufficient customer care. Further, the research suggests a suitable brand identity by considering customers' perceptions and the company objectives. The study reveals that CoreFinland's core identity needs to be related to its organizational associations of being healthy and environmentally friendly, and service associations of having professional and friendly customer care, and quick and effective delivery. In addition, its extended identity needs to be a young and dynamic Finnish company with healthy and luxurious products, passionate workers and having a good contact with retailers and wholesalers.  The findings of this study allow CoreFinland to understand its current company image and provide valuable insights to the company to create a suitable brand identity.
From the author of What to Eat and Shopped, a revelatory investigation into what really goes into the food we eat. Even with 25 years experience as a journalist and investigator of the food chain, Joanna Blythman still felt she had unanswered questions about the food we consume every day. How 'natural' is the process for making a 'natural' flavouring? What, exactly, is modified starch, and why is it an ingredient in so many foods? What is done to pitta bread to make it stay 'fresh' for six months? And why, when you eat a supermarket salad, does the taste linger in your mouth for several hours after? Swallow This is a fascinating exploration of the food processing industry and its products - not just the more obvious ready meals, chicken nuggets and tinned soups, but the less overtly industrial - washed salads, smoothies, yoghurts, cereal bars, bread, fruit juice, prepared vegetables. Forget illegal, horse-meat-scandal processes, every step in the production of these is legal, but practised by a strange and inaccessible industry, with methods a world-away from our idea of domestic food preparation, and obscured by technical speak, unintelligible ingredients manuals, and clever labelling practices. Determined to get to the bottom of the impact the industry has on our food, Joanna Blythman has gained unprecedented access to factories, suppliers and industry insiders, to give an utterly eye-opening account of what we're really swallowing.
Science fiction prototypes as design outcome of research : reflecting ecological research approach and experience design for the Internet of things
Education as Finland's hottest export? : a multi-faceted case study on Finnish national education export policies
The brand strategist's guide to desire : how to give consumers what they actually want
The brand marketing book : creating, managing and extending the value of your brand
Divide and conquer : target your customers through market segmentation
Contemporary brand management
Microsoft core : a retail design plan
Building brand awareness for car care brand
"To help brands resonate with their audiences, the author takes you step by step through StoryBranding's six Cs--a process that shows how to approach the development of all brand communications the way story writers approach their characters, plots, and themes."--Jacket.
Jazz sells : music, marketing, and meaning
The art of branding
Branding Finland on the Internet : images and stereotypes in Finland's tourism marketing
The Elusive fan : reinventing sports in a crowded marketplace
Swallow this : serving up the food industry's darkest secrets
Building better brands : a comprehensive guide to brand strategy and identity development
Personality not included : why companies lose their authenticity - and how great brands get it back
In Strategic Brand Management, Alexander Chernev, professor of marketing at the renowned Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, lays out a systematic approach to understanding the key principles of building enduring brands. This book presents a cohesive framework for brand management that delineates the unique role of brands as a means of creating market value. Topics covered include designing effective brand strategy and tactics, developing a brand value proposition, managing brand portfolios, cobranding, brand repositioning, brand extensions, brand valuation, and the legal aspects of protecting the brand.
