http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27615 reputation management
reputation management
Abstract: The purpose of the study was to give a clear vision of the corporate image; mainly  what is it, how to manage it and how to study it. And more importantly make a follow  up corporate image research for Dynaset Oy. The reason for choosing the subject was  the need of Dynaset Oy for this information in the future to be able to modify the image  its interests groups have from the company, and to develop and revise it more  close to the goal image company has. Similar study has been made in 2008 – and after  6 years company is interested to know how the image has changed, as well as has is  changed to wanted direction as follow-up procedure.  The theoretical framework of the research was based on the corporate image researchstructure  created by Leena Chydenius as well as referred the RepMap™-reputation  research model created by Viestintätoimisto Pohjoisranta. First part of the research  explored the current stage of the corporate image of Dynaset Oy, second part compared  the changes happened since previous research and evaluated the effectiveness  of development programme created in 2008, third part created a goal corporate image  for Dynaset Oy and created a strategy for the company to be able to modify the current  corporate image to more similar as the goal corporate image of the company is.  The research used both quantitative and qualitative research methods, in more precise  publicity analysis, interviews and surveys to collect data. Research used same research  methods as research made in 2008, which enabled the comparison of the results  of current corporate image.  The follow up corporate image research made for Dynaset Oy was able to gather sufficient  amount of information and was able to conclude the current stage of company's  corporate image. Based on the results company's corporate image was seen positive  and valued among Dynaset's interest groups, the results revealed shortages on  company's operations and public image. Comparison between research results revealed,  that corporate image of Dynaset Oy had maintained fairly similar, development  programme created in 2008 was found effective. The goal corporate image defined  Dynaset-brand. New development programme was created to be able to modify  the current corporate image to goal corporation image created.  Dynaset Oy agreed to follow the development procedures in presented way, and also  to conduct a new corporate image research within 2-3 years to find out whether the  stage of corporate image has changed to more similar as created goal corporate image  or not.
Reputation management : the key to successful public relations and corporate communication
Introducing public relations : theory and practice
Effects of Chinese youth consumer recycling behavior decisions : application of TPB theory to beverage container recycling system adoption
Scandal. The complete third season
For charitable organizations seeking relationships with donors, trust is as critical a factor as reputation. Simply put, people are reluctant to give if they can't be sure of where their money is going. Building trust is fast becoming recognized as a key not only to attracting donors, but to keeping them as well. Managing the Publics Trust in Non-Profit Organizations analyzes the intricate psychological processes behind trust and philanthropy and applies this knowledge to best-practice guidelines for nonprofits. This monograph explores cognitive, affective, societal, and other contexts for trust, and how these influence giving in the short and long term. On the practical level, chapters offer new research-based methods of assessing and gauging donor trust, and a real-world framework for building trust with donors, communities, and the public at large. These organization-level ideas are also related to larger policy initiatives such as the Millennium Development Goals. Among the book's core topics: The role of trust in donating money. Understanding and measuring donors' trust in a charity. Improving charity efficiency and accountability in building trust. Communicating effectively with donors. Dealing with violations of trust. The future of charities and nonprofit organizations, especially in the digital age. The current climate demands more of the nonprofit sector as a major player in poverty reduction around the globe. Managing the Publics Trust in Non-Profit Organizations brings innovative thinking on philanthropy to researchers and academics, professionals in charity and nonprofit management, and policymakers.
Brandjack : how your reputation is at risk from brand pirates and what to do about it
Advocate marketing: strategies for building buzz, leveraging customer satisfaction, and creating relationships
The handbook of communication and corporate reputation
Build your reputation : grow your personal brand for career and business success
Richard Wagner : self-promotion and the making of a brand
Digital reputation : characterizing and measuring reputation, reputation risk, and emotional responses to reputation in digital publicity : final report
Managing the public's trust in non-profit organizations
Discussion forums : from idea creation to incremental innovations : focus on heart-rate monitors
Spin sucks : communication and reputation management in the digital age
Delivering effective social customer service : how to redefine the way you manage customer experience and your corporate reputation
"Today, engaging customer advocates is one of the most powerful marketing strategies available to you. Advocates provide third-party validation and positive relevance; build and protect brands, and create exceptionally effective content to influence buyer decisions. Sales teams enjoy the benefits of advocates, too, through case studies, referrals/introductions, and assistance in securing renewals. -- Advocate Marketing: Strategies for Building Buzz, Leveraging Customer Satisfaction and Creating Relationships shows CMOs, business development leaders, and customer success professionals, and sales executives exactly how to leverage this powerful approach. Barbara Thomas helps you make the business case, outlines the strategic requirements, and presents powerful best practices and case studies. You'll learn from the experience of recognized leaders in advocacy marketing, from Intel and Citrix to Sirius Decisions, Influitive, Reputation Advocates, Boulder Logic, and RO/Innovations. -- Most important, Thomas introduces a systematic, five-step strategy for leveraging this powerful opportunity. You'll discover how to: -- Build a complete strategic plan for advocate marketing -- Define best-practice program processes and policies -- Establish internal resources, team, organizations, and budgets -- Choose and integrate the right technology and tools -- Establish and apply the right KPI metrics and analytics -- What others say about you carries far more weight than anything you can say about yourself. Advocate Marketing will help you transform that simple reality into a powerful competitive advantage"--
The reputation economy : how to optimise your digital footprint in a world where your reputation is your most valuable asset
Managing brand identity and reputation : a case study from Finnish higher education
The threat of reputation risk in social media
Communication strategies used by 'British Petroleum (BP)' to deal with legitimacy before and after the Deepwater Horizon Accident
Ultimate guide to Twitter for business
Scandal. The complete first season
"The internet and social media make managing a company's reputation significantly more challenging. While consumers and stakeholders wield new powers to champion and damage brands, many organizations continue to manage their online reputations in a piecemeal and reactive manner. Managing Online Reputation sets out a structured and comprehensive approach for middle to large companies and governments to plan, develop, control, and manage their online reputation in today's fast-paced communications environment. Drawing on recent examples of organizations managing their online reputations effectively and ineffectively, it provides a practical tool-kit of processes and techniques to safeguard and respond effectively to negative situations online. Palgrave Pocket Consultants are concise, authoritative guides that provide actionable solutions to specific, high-level business problems that would otherwise drive you or your company to employ a consultant. "--
Packed with case studies and ripped-from-the-headlines examples, Non-Profit Organizations: Real Issues for Public Administrators introduces critical issues commonly encountered when managing non-profit organizations and gives you the tools to develop policies and procedures to meet the challenges that arise when these issues occur. The authors use the case study methodology to explore decision-making issues and provide potential solutions. It provides an applied framework to use when managing a non-profit organization. The book provides case studies that range from unethical behavior to poor operational decisions to illegal activities in non-profit organizations. The authors discuss the events in phases and then identify what issues should concern the administrator and potential solutions to each phase of a case study. In addition, many of the case studies address more than one issue that threatened an organization’s finances and its credibility to its stakeholders and the public. Using the information in this book, you can create a checklist of issues that will help you and your organization avoid scandals or alleged criminal activity, and better defuse fallout if an incident occurs. It gives you a "safe" environment in which to "live" through a case study without suffering the consequences of lost resources, assets, or worse, public trust, for your organization in reality.
Winning the reputation game : creating stakeholder value and competitive advantage
Character assassination throughout the ages
The Issue Arena of a Corporate Social Responsibility Crisis : The Volkswagen Case in Twitter
Rethinking reputational risk : how to manage the risks that can ruin your business, your reputation and you
Crisis communications : a casebook approach
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
Reputation : one part of social (media) cohesion also in a military organization
All modern artists have had to market themselves in some way. Richard Wagner may just have done it better than anyone else. In a self-promotional effort that began around 1840 in Paris, and lasted for the remainder of his career, Wagner claimed convincingly that he was the most German composer ever and the true successor of Beethoven. More significantly, he was an opera composer who declared that he was not composing operas. Instead, during the 1850s, he mapped out a new direction, conceiving of works that would break with tradition and be literally "brand new". This is the first study to examine the innovative ways in which Wagner made himself a celebrity, promoting himself using every means available: autobiography, journal articles, short stories, newspaper announcements, letters, even his operas themselves. Vazsonyi reveals how Wagner created a niche for his works in the crowded opera market that continues to be unique.
This book revisits the concept of reputation, bringing it up to date with the era of social media and demonstrating the significance of a good reputation for making sustainable business. Using an easy-to-follow approach, the authors present all key aspects business leaders should know about reputation in the age of the communication revolution and clearly demonstrate how a good reputation can be a company’s permit to do business, its raison d'être and a guarantor of trust.
The edge : 50 tips from brands that lead
"Reputation Management is a how-to guide for students and professionals, as well as CEOs and other business leaders. It rests on the premise that reputation can be measured, monitored, and managed. Organized by corporate communication units including media relations, employee communication, government relations, and investor relations, the book provides a field-tested guide to corporate reputation problems such as leaked memos, unfair treatment by the press, and negative rumors, and focuses on practical solutions. Each chapter is fleshed out with the real-world experience of the authors and contributors, who come from a wide range of professional corporate communication backgrounds"--
Follow up corporate image research : Case: Dynaset Oy / Anni Karppinen
Most PR books tell you how to "spin" your message. People are sick of that! Spin Sucks will teach you how to communicate honestly, responsibly, openly, and authentically…and truly earn the trust of your customers, stakeholders, investors, and communities.
Managing online reputation : how to protect your company on social media
Non-profit organizations : real issues for public administrators
Branding you : how to market yourself in a competitive world
Scandal. The complete second season
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
The reputable firm : how digitalization of communication is revolutionizing reputation management
Branding the nation : the global business of national identity
The great Charles Dickens scandal
