http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27645 pockets
pockets
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Healing the addictive personality : freeing yourself from addictive patterns and relationships
Developing applications on Pocket PC with C#.NET
Just pockets : sewing techniques and design ideas
Eleanor Hawke loves a good scandal. And readers of her successful gossip rag live for the exploits of her favorite subject: Daniel Balfour, the notorious Earl of Ashford. So when the earl himself marches into her office and invites her to experience his illicit pursuits firsthand, Eleanor is stunned. Gambling hells, phaeton races, masquerades. What more could a scandal writer want than a secret look into the life of this devilishly handsome rake? Daniel has secrets, and if 'The Hawk's Eye' gets wind of them, a man's life could be at stake. And what better way to distract a gossip than by feeding her the scandal she desperately craves? But Daniel never expected the sharp mind and biting wit of the beautiful writer, and their desire for each other threatens even his best-laid plans.
The rose and the yew tree
A good rake is hard to find
Black light
Climate change : a very short introduction
Adrian Ferrers, Earl of Rivenham, has been tasked by the king to uncover a traitor, but instead he finds a conspiracy. Lady Leonora knows that Rivenham is the devil in disguise and that the tension between them is as irresistible and unpredictable as their situation. When war breaks out she knows she has no choice but to put her trust in the man holding her hostage and hope that love does not become a weapon that will destroy both of them.
Learn the Raspberry Pi 3 from the experts! Raspberry Pi User Guide, 4th Edition is the "unofficial official" guide to everything Raspberry Pi 3. Written by the Pi's creator and a leading Pi guru, this book goes straight to the source to bring you the ultimate Raspberry Pi 3 manual. This new fourth edition has been updated to cover the Raspberry Pi 3 board and software, with detailed discussion on its wide array of configurations, languages, and applications. You'll learn how to take full advantage of the mighty Pi's full capabilities, and then expand those capabilities even more with add-on technologies. You'll write productivity and multimedia programs, and learn flexible programming languages that allow you to shape your Raspberry Pi into whatever you want it to be. If you're ready to jump right in, this book gets you started with clear, step-by-step instruction from software installation to system customization. The Raspberry Pi's tremendous popularity has spawned an entire industry of add-ons, parts, hacks, ideas, and inventions. The movement is growing, and pushing the boundaries of possibility along with it&#x;are you ready to be a part of it? This book is your ideal companion for claiming your piece of the Pi. Get all set up with software, and connect to other devices Understand Linux System Admin nomenclature and conventions Write your own programs using Python and Scratch Extend the Pi's capabilities with add-ons like Wi-Fi dongles, a touch screen, and more The credit-card sized Raspberry Pi has become a global phenomenon. Created by the Raspberry Pi Foundation to get kids interested in programming, this tiny computer kick-started a movement of tinkerers, thinkers, experimenters, and inventors. Where will your Raspberry Pi 3 take you? The Raspberry Pi User Guide, 3rd Edition is your ultimate roadmap to discovery. -- ONIX annotation.
The viscount and the vixen
Secret agent Lily Dawson poses as a courtesan to try to uncover a traitor to the Crown, and soon enlists the help of Andrew Booth-Payne, the Earl of Darlington.
Handheld usability
Mrs Dalloway
The duke and I
Slightly scandalous
Playwright Maggie Delamere shuts down aristocratic males with a mere flick of her razor-sharp quill. If only they were so easy to dispatch offstage--especially Cameron, Viscount Marwood. The impossibly charismatic man seems made to test her resistance. But when writer's block and an enemy from Maggie's past simultaneously strike, Cam makes an all-too-tempting proposal . . .Cam has never offered a lady his bed without being in it . . . but Maggie needs a writer's retreat, and his manor is just the place. It's the least Cam can do for the brilliant woman who pens his favorite plays. Still, there's something more than social justice behind the relish which she skewers her gentleman characters. And as Maggie's pen and inhibitions loosen, Cam intends to unlock her secrets - one delicious revelation at a time.
Presents an introduction to the Rasberry Pi computer, describing how to set it up, use the command line, load aplications, organize information with Python, create graphics with Pygame, and program arcade games.
Last flight
There are four species of mud crab, Scylla serrata, S. tranquebarica, S. paramamosain and S. olivacea that are the focus of both commercial fisheries and aquaculture production throughout their distribution. They are among the most valuable crab species in the world, with the bulk of their commercial production sent live to market. This is the first FAO aquaculture manual on this genus, covering everything from its basic biology and aquaculture production, through to stock packaging and being ready to go to market. Information on mud crab biology, hatchery and nursery technology, grow-out systems, disease control, processing and packaging has been collated in this manual to provide a holistic approach to mud crab aquaculture production. Compared with other types of aquaculture, mud crab culture still has a large number of variants, including: the use of seedstock collected from the wild, as well as produced from a hatchery; farming systems that range from very extensive to intensive, monoculture to polyculture; and farm sites that vary from mangrove forests to well-constructed aquaculture ponds or fattening cages. As such, there is no one way to farm mud crabs, but techniques, technologies and principles have been developed that can be adapted to meet the specific needs of farmers and governments wishing to develop mud crab aquaculture businesses. Each of the four species of Scylla has subtly different biology, which equates to variations in optimal aquaculture production techniques. Where known and documented, variants have been identified, where not, farmers, researchers and extension officers alike may have to adapt results from other species to their mud crab species of choice and local climatic variables. Compared with many other species that are the subject of industrial scale aquaculture, mud crabs can still be considered to be at an early stage of development, as the use of formulated feeds for them is still in its infancy and little work has yet been undertaken to improve stock performance through breeding programmes.
Introductory Programming Ecosystem for Children with Mobile Application
Since being widowed two years ago, Kitty Cateril has been trapped in her late husband's home, where she is expected to mourn forever. Desperate to escape, Kitty will consider any option even a hasty marriage to a stranger with no intention of abandoning his bachelor ways. London life suits Beau Braydon, especially his work keeping Britain safe. So when he inherits the title of Viscount Dauntry, he has no intention of resettling on a rural estate. He can't resist the opportunity to marry a sensible widow who can manage Beauchamp Abbey for him until he realizes Kitty is more than he bargained for...
Encyclopedia of fashion details
The viscount needs a wife
Norway : [pocket guide]
A study in Scarlet ; the sign of the four
Claire Cavendish is in search of a duke, but not for the usual reasons.  The man she seeks is a mathematician; the man she unwittingly finds is Lord Fox: dynamic, athletic, and as bored by the equations Claire adores as she is by the social whirl upon which he thrives.
One way or another
Financial analysis with an electronic calculator
Wildfire in his arms
The Goblin Emperor
No safe place
There are bad boys and then there are the men of Devil's Rock ... Some men come with a built-in warning label. Knox Callaghan is one of them. Danger radiates from every lean, muscled inch of him, and his deep blue eyes seem to see right through to Briar Davis's most secret fantasies. But there's one major problem: Briar is a nurse volunteering at the local prison, and Knox is an inmate who should be off-limits in every way. Knox feels it too - a shocking animal magnetism that drives him to risk his own life to protect Briar's. Paroled at last, he tries to resist her. She's too innocent, too sweet, and she has no idea what Knox is capable of. But a single touch can lead to a kiss - and a taste ...until the only crime is denying what feels so right ... "When the prison doors are open, the real dragon will fly out." -Ho Chi Minh.
The duke and his duchess ; the courtship : two novellas of the Windham family
American Pulp tells the story of the midcentury golden age of pulp paperbacks and how they brought modernism to Main Street, democratized literature and ideas, spurred social mobility, and helped readers fashion new identities. Drawing on extensive original research, Paula Rabinowitz unearths the far-reaching political, social, and aesthetic impact of the pulps between the late 1930s and early 1960s.
Crime and punishment
Ipad for dummies
Context aware hand-held devices
The year is 2029, and the promise of a new age of human augmentation is in ruins. Awakening in the aftermath of a changed world, augmented ex-cop and former security operative Adam Jensen struggles to find answers. In a world shattered by secrets, can the truth be brought into the light?
As small as a credit card and ultra-affordable, the Raspberry Pi packs plenty of power into a pocket-size computer. But getting the hang of it can be tricky. This guide shows you how to use your Raspberry Pi to work and play, edit photos, watch videos, and even craft your own programs!
Stories from Duckburg 2
Love begets madness.  Viscount Locksley watched it happen to his father after his cherished wife's death.  But when his sire arranges to marry flame-haired fortune hunter Portia Gadstone,  Locke is compelled to take drastic measures to stop the stunning beauty from taking advantage of the marquess.  A marriage of mutual pleasure could be convenient, indeed, as long as inconvenient feelings don't interfere.  Desperation forced Portia to agree to marry a madman.  The arrangement will offer the protection she needs.  Or so she believes until the marquess's distractingly handsome son peruses the fine print, and takes his father's place!  Now the sedate, and more importantly, secure union Portia planned has been tossed in favor of one simmering with wicked temptation and potential heartbreak.  Because as she begins to fall for her devilishly seductive husband, her dark secrets surface and threaten to ruin them both, unless Locke is willing to risk all and open his heart to love.
A scoundrel by moonlight
The masked empire
A banquet of consequences
Love and let spy
The case-book of Sherlock Holmes
An artist in glass and light, Angel has loved with passion and fire -- and learned the true depths of sadness when what she loved was taken from her. When she first meets Miles Hawkins -- a solitary, distant man -- their mutual mistrust seems insurmountable. Hawk has never known what Angel has freely enjoyed, having experienced only cruelty and betrayal from the women in his life. But Angel is willing to risk everything that proud, silent Hawk cannot, as she strives to bring truth and love to a tormented soul who believes in neither. Yet giving her heart again could be a gamble with stakes too high and too painful for her to endure -- for she fears that, by loving Hawk, she will surely lose him.
Program development on Pocket PC platform
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
Lady Bridget's diary
Clocks & watches
As heir to a title and great wealth, Will Masterson should have stayed home and tended his responsibilities. Instead he went to war. Now, after perilous years fighting the French, he intends his current mission to be his last. But all his plans are forgotten when he arrives in the small mountain stronghold of San Gabriel and meets her. Knowing herself to be too tall, strong, and unconventional to appeal to a man, Athena Markham has always gloried in her independence. But for the first time in her life, she finds a man who might be her match. Two of a kind, too brave for their own good, Athena and Will vow to do whatever it takes to vanquish San Gabriel's enemies. For neither will back down from death, and only together can they find happiness and a love deeper than any they'd dared imagine. . .
Princess : secrets to share
Good earl gone bad
All chained up
Me before you
Unbound
Pocket check list of timber trees
Perfect
Too dangerous for a lady
American pulp : how paperbacks brought modernism to Main Street
Presents information on computing and programming with Raspberry Pi--
Good dukes wear black
Will's true wish
Learning Python with Raspberry Pi
The drowning game : a novel
Palm programming : the developer's guide
Raspberry Pi for dummies
Taking your Android tablets to the max
Learning with mobile and handheld technologies : inside and outside the classroom
Linux on the road : Linux with laptops, notebooks, PDAs, mobile phones and other portable devices
IPad : the missing manual
Maemo : Hildon, Nokia, Smartphone, Internet Tablet, Operating system, Linux kernel, GNOME, Debian, Application framework, Software framework, Graphical user interface
Xbee API Mode Programming and A Sound Detection Application
Kindle fire : the missing manual. The book that should have been in the box
Professional iPhone and iPad database application programming
Japanese : phrasebook & dictionary
The return of Sherlock Holmes ; His last bow
When Rosalind Sharpe gains the attention of the deliciously wicked Duke of Avendale, she's torn between her distracting attraction to the notorious rogue and the knowledge that he, rich as Croesus is the perfect target for a deception that will put her swindling days behind her. However, Avendale is no fool. After he discovers the tantalizing lady packing up to leave London with his coins in tow, he confronts her with a scandalous proposition: she can have all the money she requires ... for a week in his bed. Desperate for the funds, Rose agrees, but on one condition: he must never question her motives. Avendale quickly sees beneath her mask and discovers she is more than passion and pleasure - she is everything he has ever desired. But claiming her requires he unveil her secrets and lose her forever. Unless he can put his own dark past aside and risk everything for a chance at love.
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
XML-aware data synchronization for mobile devices
iPad 2 : [the fast and easy way to learn]
Pattern cutting made easy : a step by step introduction
The adventures of Sherlock Holmes
The Princess and the Peer
"They had nothing in common until love gave them everything to lose   Louisa Clark is an ordinary girl living an exceedingly ordinary life--steady boyfriend, close family--who has never been farther afield than their tiny village. She takes a badly needed job working for ex-Master of the Universe Will Traynor, who is wheelchair bound after a motorcycle accident. Will has always lived a huge life--big deals, extreme sports, worldwide travel--and now he's pretty sure he cannot live the way he is.  Will is acerbic, moody, bossy--but Lou refuses to treat him with kid gloves, and soon his happiness means more to her than she expected. When she learns that Will has shocking plans of his own, she sets out to show him that life is still worth living.  A Love Story for this generation, Me Before You brings to life  two people who couldn't have less in common--a heartbreakingly romantic novel that asks, What do you do when making the person you love happy also means breaking your own heart?   "--
Once a soldier
Sapphires are an earl's best friend
The spring bride
With this ring
Twenty years ago, Emma, Mackenzie, and Serena bonded over their New York City dreams. Then, each summer, they spent one week together at the lake. It’s been five years since Emma has seen her friends—an absence designed to keep them from discovering a long-ago betrayal—but now she’s in desperate need of their support.      But when a terrible accident keeps Emma from saying her piece, Serena and Mackenzie begin to learn about the past on their own. Now, to heal their friendship and their broken lives, the three women will have to return to the lake that once united them, and discover which relationships are worth holding on to
Forever your Earl
The years
The iPhone book : how to do the most important, useful & fun stuff with your iPhone
Lord and Lady spy
Deadly secrets
The calling
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
The thief
Sophia Armitage was a friend, indeed. She had agreed to help Sir Nathaniel Gascoigne find a husband for his cousin Lavina in the glittering city of London-only half hoping to find one for herself. Sophia knew the odds were against her. Men simply did not seem to be attracted to her-not in that way. Even her late husband had treated Sophia more as a companion than a lover. But than something shocking in London-Sophia found herself in the arms of Nathaniel himself.
iPad Application Development For Dummies
The iPad & iPad Mini : pocket guide
The memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes : the dark mysteries
NOOK tablet : the missing manual
Stories from Duckburg
Ways of walking : understanding walking's implications for the design of handheld technology via a humanistic ethnographic approach
What happens under the mistletoe
"A writer for the Ladies Gazette, Miss Ophelia Dauntry's passion is her pen. So when she sees a fellow writer kidnapped before her eyes and the trail of evidence leads to the Lords of Anarchy, Ophelia vows to find her friend and take down the notorious London driving club in her column. But before she can argue her case, she needs the inside scoop from its newest leader: Piers Hamilton, the Duke of Trent. Headstrong, handsome Trent joined the Lords of Anarchy after a decade in the British Army. He's made it his business to tame the misbehavior within the driving club and the infuriatingly attractive Ophelia is only getting in his way. The deeper she digs into the case, the more she puts her own life at risk. Can Trent convince Ophelia to trust him to seek justice & and find protection, and passion, in his arms?"--Page 4 of cover.
Seriously...I'm kidding
Enraptured
Raspberry Pi user guide
Smartphone operating system concepts with Symbian OS : a tutorial guide
Wireless devices end to end
Speech Detector for a Voice Controlled Game
REMOTE CONTROLLED CAR HEATER USING A RASPBERRY PI
Will Dorning, as an earl's spare, has accepted the thankless duty of managing his rambunctious younger siblings, though Will's only true companions are the dogs he's treasured since boyhood. When aristocratic London is plagued with a series of dognappings, Will's brothers are convinced that he's the only person who can save the stolen canines from an awful fate. Shy, bookish Lady Susannah Haddonfield has no patience with loud, smelly beasts of any species, but must appear to like dogs so as not to offend her sister's only marital prospect. Susannah turns to Will, an acquaintance from her most awkward adolescent years, to teach her how to impersonate a dog fancier.
That scandalous summer
A dangerous gunfighter. A beautiful outlaw. A thrilling pursuit. Degan Grant is heading to California, far away from the home he wants to forget, when a US Marshal calls in a favour. Degan has to apprehend three outlaws and turn them over to the law - easy enough for a man no one wants to tangle with. But one of the outlaws defies Degan's every expectation. Maxine is sassy, spirited - and insists she is innocent. And, knowing that her capture will lead to her hanging, she's determined to escape the handsome, enigmatic gunfighter.
The stolen throne
Changes in the composition of gingival crevicular fluid after periodontal treatment
"Single mom Sidonie Lindstrom has her hands full with a troubled foster son, an abrupt adjustment to country living, and an unforeseen lack of funds.  When her taciturn neighbor, MacKenzie Knightley, repeatedly offers practical help, Sid reminds herself she's not interested--despite his kindness, pragmatism, and quiet charm.  MacKenzie sees the vulnerability beneath her pride, and he's determined to change her mind."-- back cover.
Fortune favors the wicked
My new iPad : a user's guide
iPad secrets : do what you never thought possible with your iPad
Study of applicetion compatibility on smartphones and PDAs
The earl takes all
Small memory software : patterns for systems with limited memory
"In the social whirl of Regency England, Elizabeth Chudderley is at the top of every guest list, the life of every party, and the belle of every ball. But her friends and admirers would be stunned to know the truth: that the merriest widow in London is also the loneliest. Behind the gaiety and smiles lies a secret longing--for something, or someone, to whisk her away....  Raised in scandal, Lord Michael de Grey is convinced that love is a losing gamble--and seduction the only game worth playing. But when duty threatens to trump everything he desires, the only way out is marriage to a woman of his brother's choosing. Elizabeth Chudderley is delightful, delicious--and distressingly attractive. With such a captivating opponent, Michael isn't quite sure who is winning the game. How can such passionate players negotiate a marriage of necessity--when their hearts have needs of their own?"
"As technology evolves we are ever more reliant on the use of handheld and mobile devices, yet what do we know about their impact on learning? While there is a lot of interest in mobile technology, many schools still aren't sure how to best use it for learning and teaching. Learning with Handhelds and Mobiles explores this landscape and offers examples of how these technologies have been used for learning, how the problems that have arisen are being addressed, and offers ideas for the future. This invaluable book gives a voice to teachers and educators using mobiles and technology-enhanced learning in and out of schools, for regular school work and for innovative projects through exciting partnerships like Apps for Good.Learning with Handhelds and Mobiles shows the changes that are taking place within schools as a direct result of these emerging technologies, and contains case studies with accounts of best practice in a variety of settings including primary, secondary, and special schools, and learning beyond their boundaries. The book also explores themes of pedagogy, communication and affordances, collaborative learning, individual creativity and expression, self-directed and informal learning and outdoor education.The learning potential of handheld and mobile devices has excited teachers and educators, but until now there has been no structured, systematic overview available along with reflections on how this technology is changing educational practice. This book brings these together to provide a clearer picture of what is currently a fragmented area, and offers expert views of how we can understand these, and where it may take us next"--
Seducing the heiress
Lady Claire is all that
The first kiss
Dragon age : the stolen throne
Rules of the game : a Stardust, Texas novel
Irresistible
The duke's disaster
iPad 2 : fully loaded
Pocket knives : the new compact study guide and identifier
Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 for dummies
How to see the world : a Pelican introduction
Stonechats : a guide to the genus Saxicola
Scandal takes the stage
Economics : the user's guide : a Pelican introduction
A woman without lies
To the ends of the earth
In cold blood : a true account of a multiple murder and its consequences
Pleasured
One summer : America 1927
Teach yourself visually Raspberry Pi
A week at the lake
Content strategy for mobile
At your pleasure
Falling into bed with a duke
Doctor Who : vengeance on Varos
The viscount who loved me
The Design of Temperature and Humidity Remote Monitoring
Implementation of a voice controlled game on a pocket pc
Kiss me hello
The patriotic murders
The duke and the lady in red
It seems logical to argue that mobile computing technologies are intended for use “on-the-go.” However, on closer inspection, the use of mobile technologies pose a number of challenges for users who are mobile, particularly moving around on foot. In engaging with such mobile technologies and their envisaged development, we argue that interaction designers must increasingly consider a multitude of perspectives that relate to walking in order to frame design problems appropriately. In this paper, we consider a number of perspectives on walking, and we discuss how these may inspire the design of mobile technologies. Drawing on insights from non-representational theory, we develop a partial vocabulary with which to engage with qualities of pedestrian mobility, and we outline how taking more mindful approaches to walking may enrich and inform the design space of handheld technologies..
This time love
Pattern cutting and making up : The professional approach 3 Collars, pockets and other style variations
Teach yourself visually iPad 2
Clocks & watches : six hundred years of the world's most beautiful timepieces
Greek : phrasebook & dictionary
The outsiders
The white princess
Professional patternmaking for designers : women's wear, men's casual wear
Multitasking-Impact of ICT on learning
Programming the Raspberry Pi : getting started with Python
The hound of the Baskervilles ; The valley of fear
Beginning Blackberry 7 development
Teach yourself visually iPad
Communication methods measurement and analysis on PDAs
One wild winter's eve
They call her "Amber the Untouched" throughout the Disputed Lands -- a chaste, golden-haired beauty who fears the remarkable love that was prophesied at her birth ... and the death that must inevitably follow. Now Duncan has come to her in darkness, as was foretold -- a wounded warrior with no memory, seared by passion's fire and irresistibly drawn to the innocent enchantress who divines truth with a touch. Their romance is legend in a time of war. But when Duncan's memory returns, he sees Amber as his enemy. Still, he cannot forsake the lover who healed his body and heart. And he will defy to the death the dread forces that have proclaimed their love.
