http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27631 education export
education export
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education: the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
"Eu não sou um professor, sou um Educador" : Finnish education meets Brazilian creativity
Future role of universities of applied sciences in the field of education export : case HAMK
Shaping the perspectives of future journalists : JOCID 2007-2015 : Journalism for civic involvement, democracy and development
Brazilian educational market : exporting Finnish educational concepts to an exotic country
Export of Education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : Reflections on best practices
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Internationalisation and trade in higher education : opportunities and challenges
Institutional and cultural aspects in the export of professional services : case study of entrepreneurship education programme in health and wellcare
Dealing with female brain-drain in Rural Europe : results from the central Europe project women
In recent years, many Finnish universities of applied sciences (UAS) have engaged in systematic development of their educational expertise and services by adapting them for global education markets. The export of education has been acknowledged as its own sphere of operations, which is not only reliant on top-quality education but also requires new skills and competences, as well as novel mindsets, from the actors in higher education institutions. This publication, initiated by the international committee of the Rector's Conference of Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (Arene), gathers UASs' experiences of education export so far, while also providing ideas regarding future aims and expectations for operations in the field. The articles in this publication have been drawn up by 52 education experts representing 13 Finnish UASs, as well as their important interest groups and cooperation partners. These articles not only provide thorough descriptions of the organisation of education export activities within the UASs' structures, they also describe the implementation and delivery of cooperation activities, solutions and services to customers around the world. Moreover, the texts indicate the various areas within which Finnish UASs have been able to productise and sell their education.
Self-selection and earnings of emigrants from a welfare state
Handbook of quality management in education exports
CLIL in the context of education export : Finnish teachers' experiences in Abu Dhabi
Educational export in the Oulu Region : possibilities and advancement
In recent years, many Finnish universities of applied sciences (UAS) have engaged in systematic development of their educational expertise and services by adapting them for global education markets. The export of education has been acknowledged as its own sphere of operations, which is not only reliant on top-quality education but also requires new skills and competences, as well as novel mindsets, from the actors in higher education institutions. This publication, initiated by the international committee of the Rector’s Conference of Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (Arene), gathers UASs’ experiences of education export so far, while also providing ideas regarding future aims and expectations for operations in the field. The articles in this publication have been drawn up by 52 education experts representing 13 Finnish UASs, as well as their important interest groups and cooperation partners. These articles not only provide thorough descriptions of the organisation of education export activities within the UASs’ structures, they also describe the implementation and delivery of cooperation activities, solutions and services to customers around the world. Moreover, the texts indicate the various areas within which Finnish UASs have been able to productise and sell their education.
Finnish higher education : seize the education momentum
The thesis (30 ECTS) commissioned by HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences in January 2011 focuses on answering the main research question 'How does an export of education process look and what are the most central components?' The thesis project is topical, as it relates to the amendment of Finnish legislation in 2008 and to HAAGA-HELIA's international strategy in 2010. This research is needed, because the concept of education exports is relatively unknown in Finland, but there is international demand for Finnish competence. The purpose of the thesis is descriptive and it aims to reach its three objectives: to define the export of education service concept in HAAGA-HELIA, to describe the process of education exports and to explore more generally how the export of education can be done within higher education institutions. The definition, the process description and general recommendations for export of education are the outcomes of this thesis and the thesis itself is a handbook manuscript.     The methodological approach is highly deductive and is supported by an extensive literature review. The theoretical framework was created and completed based on ten expert interviews providing practical knowledge of education exports. The interviewees were from HAAGA-HELIA and from Finnish and foreign higher education institutions. The interviews were completed in three cycles by applying an action research strategy.     Export of education means exporting Finnish competence abroad, based on the customer's needs. Internationally it means transnational education and is connected to student recruitment. The aim of the education exports is to influence on the development of the target society through education. A customized export of education service is built by selecting the right service package elements: core, enabling and enhancing service modules responding to the customer's needs. The process of education exports is a circle of eight steps and performed by completing the selected modules within a certain order.     In conclusion, the developed models are practical and useful tools for education exporters. The service provider of education exports should pay extra attention to careful planning, getting personnel committed, networking with co-operators and managing quality.
The Oxford companion to the economics of China
Public education in an integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay?
Education export at the University of Helsinki : first steps 2011-2012
Exporting Finnish educational learning processes through co creation Europe: case: Mondragon Team Academy
The adaptation process and challenges of education export
Analysing the consequences of academic mobility and migration
Export of education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : reflections on best practices
Engineering is important to human, economic, social and cultural development and in addressing the UN Millennium Development Goals. Engineering tends to be viewed as a national issue, but engineering knowledge, companies, conferences and journals, all demonstrate that it is as international as science. The report reviews the role of engineering in development, and covers issues including poverty reduction, sustainable development, climate change mitigation and adaptation. It presents the various fields of engineering around the world. It also discusses engineering issues, applications and innovation, infrastructure, capacity building, engineering education. This report is a platform for the better understanding of engineering, and of the roles and responsibilities of engineers who may be responsible for the safety of thousands of people. The first international report on engineering from UNESCO is intended to identify issues and challenges facing engineering, promote better understanding of engineering and its role, and highlight ways of making engineering more attractive to young people, especially women.--Publisher's description.
Doing business with Latin America
Education as Finland's hottest export? : a multi-faceted case study on Finnish national education export policies
Export of Education : Case HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences
Engineering : issues, challenges and opportunities for development
Shaping the perspectives of future journalists : JOCID 2007-2015 : journalism for civic involvement, democracy and development
Student flows and migration : an empirical analysis
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education : the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Executive summary (s. 11-16).
Exploring e-marketing opportunities for exporting education services : case HAAGA-HELIA Global Education Services
From cooperation to competitive commerce : cross-border exchange in higher education : the Finnish case
Education export as a form of knowledge transfer : the potential of Finnish education export in Chile
This Bachelor's thesis examines online marketing opportunities for exporting education programs and education consulting services from Finland and internationally. The objective of the study is to determine how is the current B2B environment in e-marketing communications. The purpose of this research is to provide useful information on e-marketing strategies that would benefit HAAGA-HELIA Global Education Services (HAAGA-HELIA GES). This study consists of a theoretical section that supports the relationship between traditional offline marketing theories and new theoretical models that explain online marketing activities. The empirical section examines popular online marketing tools, channels, and environments including social media, in the framework of B2B communications. The qualitative research method employed included both qualitative interviews and observations. The analysis of the current e-marketing activities in the firms involved in exporting education internationally was sought through qualitative interviews. The qualitative research method was chosen with the objective to gain insight on the main communication channels and methods used by marketing managers, and how communications where handled online. The interviews with marketing managers in different organizations involved in exporting education revealed that while the firms are seeking to increase their online presence, their marketing budget did not include e-marketing strategies in the current marketing communications plan. The final recommendation points out the challenge for HAAGA-HELIA GES in selecting, executing, and monitoring significantly strategic new platforms, tools and channels. A successful communication plan should include e-marketing strategies, offline marketing activities aligned with the overall marketing strategy, and with a focus on reach, engage, and maintain the target customer.
Skill shortages in post apartheid South Africa
Course on export promotion and export marketing, 7 October - 1 November, 1991 in Hanoi, Viet Nam
Export of education : case HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences
International mobility of the highly skilled
