http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27773 biomolecules
biomolecules
Principles of medical biochemistry
Structure and function of PH and WW domains
Lysyl hydroxylases : characterization of mouse lysyl hydroxylases and generation of genetically modified lysyl hydroxylase 3 mouse lines
Dictionary of plant genetics and molecular biology
Canonical Wnt signaling in hair and mammary gland patterning and development
Studies on mammalian ribosomal protein S7
Biochemical pathways : an atlas of  biochemistry and molecular biology
Mass spectrometry in biophysics : conformation and dynamics of biomolecules
Encyclopedia of molecular biology and molecular medicine. Vol. 1. Achilles' cleavage to cytoskeleton-plasma membrane interactions
Journal of steroid biochemistry and molecular biology
Bioinformatics methods and protocols
Neutrophil biology on artificial surfaces : the role of adsorbed blood plasma proteins and platelets
Proteins : from analytics to structural genomics
Plant physiology, biochemistry and molecular biology
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Mode of action of Trichoderma reesei cellobiohydrolase I on crystalline cellulose
Microbial fundamentals of biotechnology
Microchip technology in mass spectrometry-based bioanalysis : advances in the analysis of peptides, proteins, and pharmaceuticals
Fundamentals of biochemistry
Molecular biology of the cell
To move or to convene : regulatory circuits of mat fimbriae in Escherichia coli
Applied biophysics : a molecular approach for physical scientists
The mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. Volume 3, Biochemistry and molecular biology
Normal mode analysis : theory and applications to biological and chemical systems
Laboratory techniques in biochemistry and molecular biology. Vol. 1, Part 3, Immunochemical techniques for the identification and estimation of macromolecules
Acceptor specificity studies of fucosyl- and sialyltransferases
Handbook of biochemistry and molecular biology. Section A, Proteins
A revolution in biotechnology
Strategies for engineering organisms
Sophisticated instrumental techniques to elucidate the molecular properties of human surface nanodomains
On the effect of molecular structure and composition on the photofragmentation of biomolecules
BioEvolution : how biotechnology is changing our world
Consequences of activated polyamine catabolism : experimental studies in transgenic mice and a human case report
Handbook of biochemistry and molecular biology. Section B, Nucleic acids
Molecular biology and biotechnology
Molecular biophysics
Characterization of Pectinatus cerevisiiphilus and P. frisingiensis surface components : use of synthetic peptides in the detection of some gram-negative bacteria
Introduction to biotechnology and genetic engineering
Biotechnology annual review. Vol. 11
Bidirectional signalling and phosphorylation of CD11/CD18-integrins in T cells
Introduction to bioinformatics
Protein engineering : a practical approach
Biochemistry and molecular biology education
Visions of the future : chemistry and life science
Purification and characterization of cysteine sulfinate decarboxylase from calf brain
International Workshop on Coarse-Grained Biomolecular Modeling, March 7-12, 2010, Levi, Finland : tutorials 1-3
Glossary of biotechnology terms
Metabolic engineering : principles and methodologies
Handbook of molecular biophysics ; methods and applications
Biotechnology annual review. Vol. 12
Molecular methods in plant pathology
The chemistry of life
The art of MBoC4 : molecular biology of the cell
Molecular biophysics for the life sciences
Biotechnology annual review. Vol. 10
Role and function of nonmuscle alpha-actinin-1 and -4 in regulating distinct subcategories of actin stress fibers in mammalian cells
Handbook of biochemistry and molecular biology. Section outline, Cumulative series index for CRC Handbook of biochemistry and molecular biology
Structural studies of flexible biomolecules and a DNA-binding protein
Human type IV collagen : characterization of the alfa2(IV) chain and the 3' end of its gene, and identification of a novel alfa5(IV) chain with mutations in Alport syndrome
Plant biochemistry
Essentials of chemical biology : structure and dynamics of biological macromolecules
Regulation of neural progenitor cell proliferation and fate by proteolytic pathways and inflammatory signals in the brain
Biotechnology annual review. Vol. 8
Handbook of biochemistry : selected data for molecular biology
The molecular biology web book
Regulation of the zone-specific expression of cytochrome P450 in rat liver
The terminal oxidases of Bacillus subtilis
Biochemistry and molecular biology
"As the amount of information in biology expands dramatically, it becomes increasingly important for textbooks to distill the vast amount of scientific knowledge into concise principles and enduring concepts. As with previous editions, Molecular Biology of the Cell, Sixth Edition accomplishes this goal with clear writing and beautiful illustrations. The Sixth Edition has been extensively revised and updated with the latest research in the field of cell biology, and it provides an exceptional framework for teaching and learning. The entire illustration program has been greatly enhanced. Protein structures better illustrate structure-function relationships, icons are simpler and more consistent within and between chapters, and micrographs have been refreshed and updated with newer, clearer, or better images. As a new feature, each chapter now contains intriguing open-ended questions highlighting "What We Don't Know," introducing students to challenging areas of future research. Updated end-of-chapter problems reflect new research discussed in the text. Thought-provoking end-of-chapter questions have been expanded to all chapters, including questions on developmental biology, tissues and stem cells, the immune system, and pathogens"--Provided by publisher.
Structural studies of membrane-bound pyrophosphatases
Handbook of bioseparations
Structural elements involved in protein-mediated proton transfer : implications from studies of cytochrome c oxidase
Posttranslational regulation involved in HSF1- and HSF2-mediated transcription
Illustrations from biochemistry & molecular biology of plants
Biotechnology annual review. Vol. 9
Streptomyces : molecular biology and biotechnology
Diamond-like carbon binding peptides - evolutionary selection, characterization, and engineering
Computational genomics of lactobacilli
Molecular biotechnology : principles and applications of recombinant DNA
Concise dictionary of biomedicine and molecular biology
Computational studies of biomolecular screening and interactions
Contribution of modern biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria to development of health-promoting foods
Molecular profiling : methods and protocols
Biological oxidations
A continuous grafting process
Principles of physical biochemistry
Synthesis of biomolecules for nuclide therapy : studies on amino acids, nucleosis and isoquinolines
Interactions of small latent transforming growth factor-betas with their binding proteins, LTBPs
DNA structure and function
Recombinant DNA and biotechnology : a guide for teachers
Protocols for oligonucleotide conjugates : synthesis and analytical techniques
