http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27775 nanobiotechnology
nanobiotechnology
Nanobiotechnology 2 : more concepts and applications
BioMEMS : science and engineering perspectives
Introduction to nanoscience & nanotechnology
Sustainable production and energy : catalysis by nanomaterials, catalytic microreactors Cost Action 543 Training School
Future imperfect : technology and freedom in an uncertain world
Engineer your English
"There are several well-known books on the market that cover biomaterials in a general way, but none provide adequate focus on the future of and potential for actual uses of emerging nontechnology in this burgeoning field." "Biomaterials: A Nano Approach is written from a multi-diciplinary point of view that integrates aspects of materials science and engineering, nanotechnology, bioengineering, and biosciences. The book fills a glaring void in the literature by providing a comprehensive discussion of biomaterials and a scientifically plausible extrapolation of likely scenarios in which nanotechnology could play a significant role. The authors introduce and examine basic concepts, processing -methodologies, and techniques involved in the preparation and characterization of nanobiomaterials that are specific to biomedical applications." "A Self-Contained Book Illustrating Past, Present, and Future Trends in Biomaterials" "Spanning the historical development of biomaterials to cutting-edge advances in the field, the text describe show basic concepts in nanotechnology are applied to the processing of novel nanobiomaterials, including nanostructured metals and alloys. With its illustrative examples and presentation of applications, this text offers a solid framework for understanding present and future trends of biomaterials in human healthcare systems. It is an ideal companion resource for students, researchers, and industrial scientists who specialize in biomaterials and nanobiomaterials."--BOOK JACKET.
Materials science for engineering students
Industrial Biotechnology : sustainable growth and economic success
Fundamentals of BioMEMS and medical microdevices
Studies on the diffusion of new science-based technologies
Micro/nano technology systems for biomedical applications : microfluidics, optics, and surface chemistry
Nanocomposites with biodegradable polymers : synthesis, properties, and future perspectives
Nanoscience : nanotechnologies and nanophysics
Biological and pharmaceutical nanomaterials
Springer handbook of nanomaterials
Make Way For The Superhumans
Robert Ludlum's The Lazarus vendetta : a covert-one novel
Innovation, Dual Use, and Security : Managing the Risks of Emerging Biological and Chemical Technologies
Biotechnology
Novel micro- and nanotechnological approaches for improving the performance of implantable biomedical devices
Innovation with Chinese characteristics : high-tech research in China
Novel micro- and nano-technological approaches for improving the performance of implantable biomedical devices
The development of novel biomolecular tools based on avidins, DNA and chitosan
Physicochemical characteristics of silicananoparticles tailored for nanomedicine
Fundamentals of microfabriacation and nanotechnology. Vol. III : From MEMS to bio-MEMS and bio-NEMS : manufacturing techniques and applications
This comprehensive book covers the environmental issues concerning silver nanoparticles (AgNPs). Following an introduction to the history, properties and applications, the environmental concerns of AgNPs is discussed. In the second chapter, the separation, characterization and quantification of AgNPs in environment samples are described in detail. In the remaining parts of the book, the authors focus on the environmental processes and effects of AgNPs, with chapters on the pathway into environment, fate and transport, toxicological effects and mechanisms, as well as the environmental bioeffects and safety-assessment of AgNPs in the environment. This book is designed to describe current understanding of the environmental aspects of AgNPs. It provides a valuable resource to students and researchers in environmental science and technology, nanotechnology, toxicology, materials science and ecology; as well as to professionals involved in the production and consumption of AgNPs in various areas including catalysis, food products, textiles/fabrics, and medical products and devices.
Make way for the superhumans : how the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Nanofabrication towards biomedical applications : techniques, tools, applications, and impact
Microfluidics and nanofluidics handbook : chemistry, physics, and life science principles
Nanobiotechnology : concepts, applications and perspectives
Fundamentals of microfabriacation and nanotechnology. Vol. II. Manufacturing techniques for microfabrication and nanotechnology
Embedding society in science & technology policy : European and Chinese perspectives
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Nanomaterials : toxicity, health and environmental issues
Proteomic characterization of biological effects induced by engineered nanomaterials
Biomedical nanotechnology
Bionanotechnology : biological self-assembly and its applications
Biomedical applications of nanotechnology
Applied plastics engineering handbook : processing and materials
Silver nanoparticles in the environment
Harry's cosmeticology : 3
Citizen Cyborg : why democratic societies must respond to the redesigned human of the future
Keys to futures : societal reflections on developing key technologies and their impacts on human qualifications
Viruses and nanotechnology
Nanotechnology in the food, beverage and nutraceutical industries
"Preface We are proud to present this book as an attempt to bridge different areas that constitute the field of biomicroelectromechanical systems (BioMEMS), often called biomicrosystems. The field of BioMEMS has been growing rapidly since the early 1990s due to the advancements in microtechnologies that could cater to the vast application requirements of bio areas. The potential of BioMEMS suits this technology for many applications, including clinical and environmental diagnostics, drug delivery, agriculture, nutrition, pharmaceuticals, chemical synthesis, etc. It is foreseen that BioMEMS will have a deep impact on many aspects of the life science operations and functionalities in the near future. Scientists and students that work in the field of BioMEMS will need to have knowledge and skills at the interface between engineering and biosciences. Development of a BioMEMS device usually involves many scientists and students from various disciplines, such as biosciences, medicine, biochemistry, engineering, physics, etc. One could anticipate many communication and understanding issues that would arise among these people with varied expertise and training. The methods, details, and languages of training are quite different for the students and researchers of engineering and biosciences. As a result, researchers and students involved with multidisciplinary projects like BioMEMS undergo an interesting and refreshing learning on multidisciplinary subjects along the project development. This book aims to support and expedite the multidisciplinary learning involved with the development of biomicrosystems, from both bioscience and engineering perspectives"--Provided by publisher.
Eu(III)-chelate dyed nanoparticles : radiant label technology for homogeneous assays
Nanotechnology in biology and medicine : methods, devices, and applications
"As technological advancements widen the scope of applications for biomicroelectromechanical systems (BioMEMS or biomicrosystems), the field continues to have an impact on many aspects of life science operations and functionalities. Because BioMEMS research and development require the input of experts who use different technical languages and come from varying disciplines and backgrounds, scientists and students can avoid potential difficulties in communication and understanding only if they possess a skill set and understanding that enables them to work at the interface of engineering and biosciences.Keeping this duality in mind throughout, BioMEMS: Science and Engineering Perspectives supports and expedites the multidisciplinary learning involved in the development of biomicrosystems. Divided into nine chapters, it starts with a balanced introduction of biological, engineering, application, and commercialization aspects of the field. With a focus on molecules of biological interest, the book explores the building blocks of cells and viruses, as well as molecules that form the self-assembled monolayers (SAMs), linkers, and hydrogels used for making different surfaces biocompatible through functionalization. The book also discusses: Different materials and platforms used to develop biomicrosystems Various biological entities and pathogens (in ascending order of complexity) The multidisciplinary aspects of engineering bioactive surfaces Engineering perspectives, including methods of manufacturing bioactive surfaces and devices Microfluidics modeling and experimentation Device level implementation of BioMEMS concepts for different applications. Because BioMEMS is an application-driven field, the book also highlights the concepts of lab-on-a-chip (LOC) and micro total analysis system (ơTAS), along with their pertinence to the emerging point-of-care (POC) and point-of-need (PON) applications"--Provided by publisher.
Burger's medicinal chemistry, drug discovery and development. Vol. 3, Drug development
Potential applications of nanotechnology in bioenergy
Biotechnology of silk
How general are general purpose technologies? : evidence from nano-, bio- and ICT-technologies in Finland
Novel carbon coatings and surface texturing for improving biological response of orthopedic implant materials
Nanoscience : Giants of the Infinitesimal
This comprehensive handbook presents fundamental aspects, fabrication techniques, introductory materials on microbiology and chemistry, measurement techniques, and applications of microfluidics and nanofluidics. The first volume of the handbook focuses on physics and transport phenomena along with life sciences and related applications. It provides newcomers with the fundamental science background required for the study of microfluidics and nanofluidics. In addition, the advanced techniques and concepts described in the text will benefit experienced researchers and professionals.
Computational methods for large systems : electronic structure approaches for biotechnology and nanotechnology
The electrical engineering handbook. Sensors, nanoscience, biomedical engineering, and instruments
"The Nanobiomaterials Handbook aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the field of nanobiomaterials with a broad introduction for those who are unfamiliar with the subject and as a useful reference for advanced professionals. Nanobiomaterials are poised to play a central role in nanobiotechnology and make significant contributions to biomedical research and health care. This assessment is based on numerous demonstrations that nanobiomaterials can exhibit distinctive nanoscopic characteristics (e.g., mechanical, electrical, and optical properties) suitable for a variety of biological applications. Advances in nanobiomaterials require a multidisciplinary approach spanning fields in physical sciences (e.g., chemistry), biological sciences (e.g., molecular biology), engineering (e.g., chemical engineering), and medicine with considerable interaction and collaboration among ethicists, regulatory bodies, and industry. The introduction defines the field of nanobiomaterials and discusses its scope, current status, and future prospects. This is followed by an in-depth survey of nanobiomaterials. It also provides a comprehensive overview of the various synthesis and processing techniques important for developing bionanomaterials and explores the unique nanoscopic physicochemical properties of nanobiomaterials. Next, a detailed survey of potential applications of nanobiomaterials is presented. Here the emphasis is on the unique challenges in the design, fabrication, and evaluation of biomaterials for a particular application/field. For instance, key physical properties necessary for developing bionanomaterials for molecular imaging applications are completely different than those for gene therapy"--Provided by publisher.
Energy resources, utilization and technologies
In vitro, in vivo, and in silico investigations of polymer and lipid based nanocarriers for drug and gene delivery
Microfluidics for biotechnology
Nanoelectromechanics in engineering and biology
Security applications for converging technologies : impact on the constitutional state and the legal order
Technolife 2035 : how will technology change our future?
Nano biophotonics : science and technology : proceedings of the 3rd International Nanophotonics Symposium, Handai, July 6-8th 2006, Suita Campus of Osaka University, Osaka, Japan
Progress in convergence : technologies for human wellbeing
Springer handbook of marine biotechnology
The future of international environmental law
Lab-on-chips for cellomics : micro and nanotechnologies for life science
Sustainable textiles : life cycle and environmental impact
Bionanotechnology : lessons from nature
Nanotechnology and tissue engineering : the scaffold
Introduction to nanomedicine and nanobioengineering
Nanobiomaterials handbook
Biomaterials : a nano approach
Nanoparticle labels in bioaffinity assays
Introduction to biophotonics
Emerging technologies : from hindsight to foresight
Fundamentals of microfabriacation and nanotechnology. Vol. I. Solid-state physics, fluidics, and analytical techniques in micro- and nanotechnology
