http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2777 organisational communication and public relations
organisational communication and public relations
Corporate strategic communication : a general social and economic theory
The AMA handbook of public relations
Going green : how to communicate your company's environmental commitment
Improving Internal Communication between Marketing and Buying Departments: Case Company
Public relations strategy
Dialogues in organizations: true understanding or efficient communication?
Public relations and communication management in Europe : a nation-by-nation introduction to public relations theory and practice
"A new edition of the classic business parable that has sold more than a million copies since 2006. Our Iceberg Is Melting is a simple fable about doing well in an ever-changing world. Based on the award-winning work of Harvard's John Kotter, it is a story that has been used to help thousands of people and organizations. The fable is about a penguin colony in Antarctica. A group of beautiful emperor pen&shy;guins live as they have for many years. Then one curious bird discovers a potentially devastating problem threatening their home--and pretty much no one listens to him. The characters in the story, Fred, Alice, Louis, Buddy, the Professor, and NoNo, are like people we recognize--even ourselves. Their tale is one of resistance to change and heroic action, seemingly intractable obstacles and the most clever tactics for dealing with those obstacles. It's a story that is occurring in different forms all around us today--but the penguins handle the very real challenges a great deal better than most of us. Our Iceberg Is Melting is based on pioneer&shy;ing work that shows how Eight Steps produce needed change in any sort of group. It's a story that can be enjoyed by anyone while at the same time providing invaluable guidance for a world that just keeps moving faster and faster"--
Developing marketing and communication : Case Tampere Chamber of Commerce and Industry
The meeting
Communicating change from leadership : a case study on Kulosaari secondary school
Educational administration and organizational behavior
Influencing virtual teams : 17 tactics that get things done with your remote employees
InfoPro streamlines internal information services
The information infrastructure
Organizational communication : abstracts, analysis, and overview. Vol. 5
Communicating for Results, A Guide for Business and the Professions
This text provides a comprehensive treatment using multiple theoretical perspectives to understand and examine all workplace relationships. It helps readers broaden and enrich the ways they think about workplace relationships and their role in organizational processes.
Internal communication problems in a multinational company Lamor Group
Meet like you mean it : a leader's guide to painless and productive virtual meetings
Organizational communication as the challenge in the management of Russian schools
Managing uncertainty in organizational communication
The journal of business communication
Communication and power in organizations : discourse, ideology and domination
Communication and organizations : an interpretive approach
Readings in interpersonal and organizational communication
Changing principles of communication between Chinese managers and workers : Confucian authority chains and guanxi as social networking
Management in a new key : communication in the modern organization
Case studies in organizational communication
The jelly effect : how to make your communication stick
Corporate blogging for dummies
The management and practice of public relations
Communication in responsible business : strategies, concepts, and cases
Development of internal corporate communication : Study case: Company FIEGE
Managing by communications
Information sharing improvement between Nokia and battery suppliers
"Hej Seppo, could you pls comment on this!" : internal email communication in lingua franca English in a multinational company
Organizational conflict, conflict management, and communication : a social complexity perspective
Workstorming : why conversations at work go wrong and how to fix them
The book challenges the notion that public relations in Europe is no more than a copy of the Anglo-American approach. It presents a nation-by-nation introduction to historical public relations developments and current topics in European countries, written by noted national experts in public relations research and well-known professionals who are able to oversee the situation in their own countries. The contributions are written from an inside view and combine researched facts and figures with qualitative observations and personal reviews. In addition, the book provides conceptual statements that offer an insight into theoretical approaches.
Contribution of Public Relations to Organizational Decision Making : Insights from the Literature
Organizational communication : abstracts, analysis and overview. Volume 8
International business negotiations
Language problems of companies in the Kouvola region and language service needs
Information acumen : the understanding and use of knowledge in modern business
Business Communication Study : Case Study: Product Company Wärtsilä Finland & Wärtsilä Network Companies Located in Middle East & South Asia
Improving innovation culture in the front end : Case Ruukki Metals Oy
Handbook of organizational communication
The corporate intranet : create and manage an internal web for your organization
Organizational communication : abstracts, analysis and overview. Volume 9
Understanding the role of communication in the management accounting and control process
Strategy as a challenge for organizational communication : study on a case company
Click : the virtual meetings book
Communicating and organizing in context : the theory of structurational interaction
This study was carried out with the view of establishing the implication of avoiding impropriety in the communication process for improved organisational performance in Lafarge WAPCO Cement plc. This was to enable the researcher establish the relevance and role of Effective Communication in the improvement of productivity through the attainment of organisational goals and objectives. This the research achieved through the adoption of questionnaire and open ended written interviews as study methods and executable recommendations made from derived analysis. However, at the conclusion of our investigation it was proved that Effective Communication is a Tool that Increases Organisational Productivity.
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
Communication in organizations
Intercultural communication issues in small and medium-sized foreign-owned companies in China
Effective communication as a tool to increase organisational productivity
Internal communication and leadership : associations between operative-level staff members' perceptions of internal communication and their perceptions of leaders - case study in a Belgian public company: STIB
Organizations, communication, and health
Communicating and Organizing in Context integrates Giddens' structuration theory with Goffman's interaction order and develops a new theoretical base--the theory of structurational interaction--for the analysis of communicating and organizing. Both theorists emphasize tacit knowledge, social routines, context, social practices, materiality, frames, agency, and view communication as constitutive of social life and of organizing. Thus their integration in structurational interaction provides a coherent, communication-centric approach to analyzing communicating, organizing and their interrelationships. This book will be a valuable resource for students and scholars as an orientation to the field of organizational communication and as an integration of organizing and communicating. It will also be useful for practitioners as a tool for understanding how conceptual frames limit possibilities and constitute the nature of organizing and members' participation in organizations.
Trust in knowledge management and systems in organizations
Communication as change management vehicle : how to improve change receptivity with organisational communications
Effective internal communication
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Abstract in English.
Administrative communication
Manager's guide to virtual teams
Essentials of corporate communication : implementing practices for effective reputation management
Communication in an organization
Breaking the barrier to upward communication : strategies and skills for employees, managers, and HR specialists
World Class Communication : How Great CEOs Win with the Public, Shareholders, Employees, and the Media
Social responsibility in corporate communication : reporting practice in retail industry
The fundamentals of corporate communication
Functionality and Interactivity of Internal Communication in a Multicultural Organisation : Case: Lufthansa Cargo Finland
Finnish summary.
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Yritysvierailut 5 kielellä = Visitors to the company = Företagsbesök = Firmenbesuch = Visite d'entreprise = wIZIT NA PREDPRIQTIE
Organizational communication tool for Lethbridge College
Decision making and decision communication in an engineer based organization
Developing internal communication in a global B2B company : case: Company X
Business communication : process & product. Study guide
Communication between principals and teachers in successful schools
Better business writing : how to give extra power and clarity to your memos, letters and reports
Knowledge sharing behaviour in cross-border interpersonal relationships
The influence of communication on perceived barriers to environmental action
Whatever your job, you need to communicate with others, as even when your intentions are sound, the impact of a bad conversation can be highly destructive. If people in your work community form a negative opinion of you, they stop properly listening. Rob explains how and why your career success can depend so much on good communication at work. Each chapter is short and self-contained, focusing on a specific topic with clear steps for action and a key lesson. As in Blamestorming, there is a cast of characters placed in a variety of situations in which they experience conversations go wrong. Using five simple 'warning signs' to watch out for Rob explains how the characters could change the way they speak and listen in order to achieve a positive outcome.
Sensemaking in meetings : collaborative construction of meaning and decisions through epistemic authority
Creating WE : change I-thinking to we-thinking build a healthy, thriving organization
"In a twenty-first-century global economy, in which multinational companies coordinate and collaborate with partners and clientele around the world, it is usually English that is the parlance of business, research, technology, and finance. Most assume that if parties on both ends of the conference call are fluent English speakers, information will be shared seamlessly and without any misunderstanding. But is that really true? Words Matter examines how communications between transnational partners routinely break down, even when all parties are fluent English speakers. The end result is lost time, lost money, and often discord among those involved. What's going wrong? Contrary to a common assumption, language is never neutral. It is heavily influenced by one's culture and can often result in unintended meanings depending on word choice, a particular phrase, or even one's inflection. A recent study of corporate managers found that one out of five projects fail primarily because of ineffective transnational communication, resulting in the loss of millions of dollars. In Words Matter, you will venture into the halls of multinational tech companies around the world to study language and culture at work; learn practical steps for harnessing research in communication and anthropology to become more skilled in the digital workplace; and learn to use the 'Communication Plus Model,' which can be easily applied in multiple situations, leading to better communication and better business outcomes"--Provided by publisher
Readings in interpersonal & organizational communication
Development ideas for communication in the Baltic Sea Network to promote projects
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Communication in the software vulnerability reporting process
This thesis investigates and addresses problems in information sharing between Nokia battery development team and selected battery subcontractors. The main aim of this thesis was to develop the information sharing process between Nokia and selected battery manufacturers. In addition to the process development, the target was to create a new tool to improve information flow and to help consolidation of the new process at Nokia. Theoretical context briefly discusses battery industry and battery technologies used in mobile devices. The main focus of the theoretical context is on research methods that were utilized in this thesis and in the process development. Expansive learning method developed by Professor Yrjö Engeström is the baseline for the theoretical context. Expansive learning cycle is a theoretical generalization about the development in operational modes and it can bring theoretical research as a part of development process. In the expansive learning the development process is not led by one person only but substantial persons are invited to participate in the development and expansive learning process. Substantial persons' participation is needed in order to share experiences and improvement ideas during the reflection process. Substantial persons can help in consolidation of the new process and operation mode. Theoretical context addressed in this thesis is obtained from literature and electronic resources. Theoretical context is focusing on literature and articles written by Professor Engeström and concentrating on expansive learning theory and methodology. Research proves that the expansive learning method is an efficient research method to engage people in developing operation modes and implementing new operational modes in use. In this thesis information sharing process between Nokia battery development team and battery subcontractors was successfully improved by utilizing steps of expansive learning.
The role of accounting in management control systems of firms having subsidiaries in the former Soviet Union
Organizational communication research : time for reflection?
Evaluation of the digital corporate communications at Airbus Group with the help of Key Performance Indicators and Analytics Tools
Communication behavior in organizations
Our iceberg is melting : changing and succeeding under any conditions
The most effective communication channel to spread information in an organization
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
Public relations cases : international perspectives
Developing internal communication at Salon Seudun Puhelin Oy
Tales for change : using storytelling to develop people and organizations
ORGANIZATIONAL COMMUNICATION TOOL FOR LETHBRIDGE COLLEGE
Journal of communication management
CREATING AN INTRANET PORTAL FOR THE STRATEGY OF HALTON GROUP
The utilization of blogs, wikis and RSS feeds in the organizational communication of publicly listed industrial companies in the Tampere economic area : case companies: Nokian Tyres Plc and Glaston Corporation
Transforming organizational values into action - challenges in a multinational organization : case: Halton Ventilation
Tiivistelmä: Organizational communication tool for Lethbridge College.
Internal Communication and Network Operators
Effects of Workforce Ethnic Diversity on the Managerial Communication Process
A comparative case study of Sony Computer Entertainment's crisis communication efforts during two PlayStation Network crises
Communication in organizations : selected readings
Antecedents to merger and time to divestment
Present yourself : using SlideShare to grow your business
Developing knowledge management and internal communication through a virtual workspace. Case: Company X
The communication plan : the heart of strategic communication
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
Politeness and Thai culture in English emails conducted by Thai employees
English as a common corporate language in a multinational company : employees' and managers' experiences and expectations during a transfer from local to distributed services
Knowledge as a part of improving internal communication: a case study Nokia Oyj
The information systems research challenge : experimental research methods
Honing your knowledge skills
Rethinking the theory of organizational communication : how to read an organization
Discursive identity battle and the reformation of organisational identity in an M&A process
Finding a right way to communicate : evaluation of communication practices in a multicultural project
Communication gaps can be devastating for any business in today's competitive and fast paced environment. In the hospital setting, it can literally be a matter of life or death. The purpose of the project was to develop and evaluate the effect of three evidence-based internal communication practices on employee engagement for pediatric hospital in Louisville, KY. This was the first known systematic investigation of communication strategies in a hospital setting. The evidence based practices include: Interactive Employee Forums, Wednesday Weekly newsletter and a Communication Portal page. After one year of this practice change, the following questions were asked and evaluated: Will internal communication practices have a significant impact on this hospital employee engagement? As compared to peer institutions within this multi-hospital organization, will this pediatric hospital have a greater increase in mean engagement scores, as a result of these practices? The result were not statistically significant, however some ceiling effect was observed. The pediatric hospital did increase percentage of engaged by 3%, the highest improvement of all five hospitals within the system.
Organizational internal communication : case Tanssipaviljonki Tulenliekki
Corporate communication
Communicating at work : principles and practices for business and the professions
Organizational communication imperatives : lessons of the space program
Win/Win : the art of synergistic communication
Integrated communication : concern, internal and marketing communication
Utilization of Media in Internal Communication : Case: Konecranes Heavy Lifting Ltd, Electrics Factory
Orgnisational communication in a multinational corporation : a case study of communication between a Finnish headquarters and its Swedish subsidiary
The use of a multinational corporate intranet : a study on Wärtsilä's new intranet Compass
Roles of non-face-to face- tools in interpersonal level tacit knowledge sharing
Communication in high technology product development projects : project personnel’s viewpoint for improvement
Improving internal information flow : case: The Case Company
Social Media as a Form of Organizational Knowledge Sharing
The next common sense : the e-manager's guide to mastering complexity
Semantics-based access control in business networks
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Strategic communication, social media and democracy : the challenge of the digital naturals
Organizational communication : abstracts, analysis and overview. Vol. 10
Rethinking organizational change : the role of dialogue, dialectic & polyphony in the organization
The corporate image : strategies for effective identity programmes
The communication catalyst : the fast (but not stupid) track to value for customers, investors, and employees
Risk communication and risk perception : the case of nuclear power public debate in Lithuania
Corporate communications : a comparison of Japanese and American practices
The dimensions of internal communication and the engagement of the employees in the decision making process in the Albanian education sector
Organizational communication and change
Vision, mission, compassion : why people matter in organisations
Light their fire : using internal marketing to ignite employee performance and wow your customers
Media relations after the introduction of social media
Communication and Change Management
Business communication quarterly
Problematic talk : the role of multiple understandings in project meetings
Visual knowing and visualizing knowledge in knowledge-intensive organizations
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Information flow in multicultural work environment : case Amarillo Restaurant in Turku
Framework for analysing and developing information integration [Elektroninen aineisto]  : a study on steel industry maintenance service supply chain
The Development of Information Transferring Processes : For managing the machine’s specification and engineering changes
Energize your workplace : how to create and sustain high-quality connections at work
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
Communicating for managerial effectiveness : problems, strategies, solutions
Online communication practice and strategy of Finnish manufacturers of agricultural and forest machinery
Organizational culture and leadership
Out-thinking organizational communications : the impact of digital transformation
Identity 2.0
The public relations handbook
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
The crisis of incivility plaguing today's workplace calls for an approach to communication that restores respect and integrity to interpersonal encounters in organizational life. Professional civility is a communicative virtue that protects and promotes productivity, one's place of employment, and persons with whom we carry out our tasks in the workplace. Drawn from the history of professions as dignified occupations providing valuable contributions to the human community, an understanding of civility as communicative virtue, and MacIntyre's treatment of practices, professional civility supports the «practice» of professions in contemporary organizations. A communicative ethic of professional civility requires attentiveness to the task at hand, support of an organization's mission, and appropriate relationships with others in the workplace. Professional civility fosters communicative habits of the heart that extend beyond the walls of the workplace, encouraging a return to the service ethic that remains an enduring legacy of the professions in the United States.
Good communications - what every manager should need to know
The leadership experience
Public relations inquiry as rhetorical criticism : case studies of corporate discourse and social influence
Half a century of forest industry rhetoric : persuasive strategies in sales argumentation
Professional civility : communicative virtue at work
ICT-related intangibles and organizational innovation : indicators for improving
Strategy of Chinese market development for Mehi Oy
Words matter : communicating effectively in the new global office
Business week guide to multimedia presentations
The public relations strategic toolkit : an essential guide to successful public relations practice
Negotiating in organizations
Performance management
Implementing corporate responsibility through internal communication on a global scale
How to improve organizational communicational : a case of a Swedish organization
Cases in organizational and managerial communication : stretching boundaries
A communication audit handbook : helping organizations communicate
Communication in an expanding organization : A case study in action research
Development of internal communication : case Cosfim
The present thesis analyses which of the established ATs and KPIs could be used to evaluate the digital communication in the corporate intranet of Airbus Group. The exhaustive examination of the HUB intranet shows that there is already some basic data available. Nevertheless this data is not detailed enough and should be released more frequently to the communications experts. A quick poll survey in the intranet showed that for these experts it is essential to receive more details about the engagement of the visitors. Therefor a combination of Pageviews, Shares, Ratings, Comments and Time Spent Reading a News would give a sufficient overview about the usage of the content. Those figures could be supplemented with the Bounce Rate, Crawling Mistakes and Followers in order to gain a deeper understanding of the visiting employees. When coming to the selection of the tool it is reasonable to choose one which is well known by many of the communications experts like Google Analytics and Piwik. It is also recommended to give certain people in the team their own accounts, what gives them the possibility to create their own reports for specific topics.
Organizational communication structure
Book presents organizational communication from both a communication and managerial perspective. Professor Miller's clear writing style and consistent use of examples and case studies result in a text that undergraduate students will find easy to understand.
From detective work to love affairs : case study on the development of organizational social network relations in the Finnish Institute in London
The IABC handbook of organizational communication : a guide to internal communication, public relations, marketing, and leadership
Information management
The organizational communicator
Boundaries in health care discussions : an activity theoretical approach to the analysis of boundaries
How to communicate effectively
10 minute guide : business presentations
Impact of organisational practices and language on an international business cooperation : the case of a German-Slovakian corporation
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Requests in business meetings
This delightful book is the latest in the series of Ladybird books which have been specially planned to help grown-ups with the world about them. The large clear script, the careful choice of words, the frequent repetition and the thoughtful matching of text with pictures all enable grown-ups to think they have taught themselves to cope. Featuring original Ladybird artwork alongside brilliantly funny, brand new text.
Public communication campaigns
Perceived success factors supporting the integration of service design into brand building work
Genre and ontology based business information architecture framework (GOBIAF)
Essentials of organizational behavior
COMMUNICATION GAPS AT SEASONAL RESTAURANT
Internal communications and the effect on employee engagement
Communicating for results : a guide for business and the professions
Organizational Storytelling, Ethics and Morality : How Stories Frame Limits of Behavior in Organizations
Electronic commerce and business communications
Knowledge creation and sharing in an organization  : An empirical analysis of the New Product Development process
Communication in modern organizations
Organizational communication : approaches and processes
Exploring professional communication : language in action
Graphical unity in a multi-format business communication
Stakeholder relations in the regional state administration : case Central Finland Regional Environment Centre
Organizations, Communication, and Health focuses on theories and constructs of organizational communication and their relationship to health. The goal of the volume is to offer a current picture of organizational and organizing processes and practices related to health. Research in the area of health communication has expanded in recent years, and this research has advanced understandings of campaigns, patient/provider interactions, and social support. However, a gap in the area of health, organizations, and organizing processes emerged, a niche this volume fills. It does so by having chapters identify an organizational theory or organizing process and how aspects of that theory relate to health. Chapters discuss how to marry theory to practice and the other factors (e.g., organizational structure, role, occupation, industry, or environment) that need to be considered in the process of utilizing the theory in organizations.
The handbook of crisis communication
