http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2772 youth hostels
youth hostels
Wilderness huts and rental cabins
Bushcraft : an inspirational guide to surviving the wilderness
Retkeilymajat 1985 = Vandrarhem 1985 = Jugendherbergen in Finnland 1985 = youth hostels in Finland 1985.
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2003 = Accommodation in Finland 2003 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2003
Bushcraft
Luonnonelementtien talo : puistopaviljonki, Seoul = The house of the four elements : pavilion : element house
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2002 = Accomodation in Finland 2002 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2002.. 2002
Marketing communication campaign for Stadion hostel
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
Adding value to a hostel visit
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2008 = Accommodation in Finland 2008 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2008
Exploring the possibility of creating a business relationship with the case organisation Jolly Dragon and hostels in Helsinki
Revenue management is profit boosting management tool used in hospitality businesses in different forms in airlines, restaurants, stadiums, and big hotels. The research in this paper is limited to the accommodation side of the hospitality. Given examples are about hotel practices. The aim is to develop a picture of specified revenue management tactics, ideal for application on a small hospitality enterprise. The words revenue and yield management are interchangeably used throughout this thesis.  A proper application of yield management system implicates that it is supported by an organizational culture, and also by a structure that encompasses the sub schemes that compose the yield management construct.  A case study implemented through an interview with the manager of a summer hostel in Helsinki center provides an idea on how in reality yield management is thought of and to what extent it is being used in the small type of accommodation.  Resulting from that, discussion and suggestions on how a revenue management system is used and how it could be explored to push the profits of accommodation centers further on, and for a better utilization of time and inventory without endangering the relationship with the customers.
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2001 = Accommodation in Finland = Übernachtung in Finnland
European hostel business model : Grand Tree Hostel business model
Analysis of Dream Hostel Tampere website : with Experience Pyramid
Hotelliopas : congressguide, bathing establishments = Hotel guide Finland 2001.
The official international youth hostels guide 2008.
Hotelliopas = Hotel guide Finland 1996 : congressguide, bathing establishments
The Image of HI-Hostels amongst Membership Organisations
Americas, Africa, Asia & the Pacific 2003.
Beyond backpacker tourism : mobilities and experiences
Turisti - majoitus 2009 : hotelliopas = Hotel guide Finland : camping sites, holiday villages, congress guide, spas
Hotelliopas : congressguide, bathing establishments = Hotel guide Finland 2002.
Cheap sleeps Europe
Revenue management : case study : a small size accommodation provider
Turisti - majoitus 2008 : hotelliopas = Hotel guide Finland : camping sites, holiday villages, congress guide, spas
The rough guide to the best places to stay in Britain on a budget
Building on previous work on backpacking, this book takes the analysis of backpacker tourism further by engaging both with new theoretical debates into tourism experiences and mobilities as well as with new empirical phenomena such as the rise of the 'flashpacker' and alternative destinations. The chapters include material on flashpacking, the virtualization of backpacker culture, the re-conceptualisation of lifestyle travellers, backpackers as volunteer tourists, as well as backpackers' experiences of hostels, mobilities and their policy implications. It sets a new benchmark for the study of independent travel in the contemporary world.
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
Essential bushcraft
