http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27762 service plans
service plans
Marketing : real people, real decisions
Marketing Plan for a SME
Business plan for KAFE | Quality & Selection : customer service as a competitive advantage
Rethinking visual art practice in relation to well-being : a conceptual analysis
Key Customer Relationship Management and Service Delivery Plan : case: Service Methodology Plan
Commercialisation of radiological distance services
This study is about a service design project commissioned by Karma Studio, a Turku-based private yoga studio specialized in ashtanga yoga. The main goal of the work was to design Karma Studio services and products that promote brand tribalism to current and potential customers. In order to determine how the client organization could do this, current and potential customers had to be determined and the Karma Studio brand defined. First, observation and participation were used to create a SWOT analysis about tribe potential. Two different surveys were used to research existing and potential customers and their attitudes about yoga and different local service providers. These methods gave a good overview of what was being examined and helped co-create the spring 2016 schedule. Next a group interview was arranged in order to gather more insights about loyal customers, and on the basis of the research three personas were created to depict members of the brand tribe. Brand definition was done by arranging a brand workshop after which tribal linking values were determined and a brand code was created as a tool to detail the core essence of the brand. With the help of a customer journey map, brand code and results from the research conducted so far, a service blueprint of a developed service scenario featuring the three personas was produced. Development concepts presented in the blueprint were designed to promote brand tribalism, and they included ideas about the storefront, space, staff, class content, online communications, merchandise, collaboration and events. It was concluded that some early forms of Karma Studio tribalism already exist, and that service design can offer ways to support its development further. While some of the development ideas were left as suggestions, others were taken further in the design process into the creation stage. A collection of these tools and ideas were presented to the commissioner at the end of the project, and there hasbeen an interest to further develop, test and launch some of the suggestions.
The Everything guide to starting and running a catering business : insider advice on turning on turning your talent into a lucrative career
Marketing Plan for B-to-B Customers
Investigations for a small business development in the field of hotel industry in Finland
Importance of high-quality customer service : business plan: Restaurant Changel
A Pre-Marketing Plan for UpGroup
Marketing : real people, real choices
Marketing Plan of Rental Apartments in Costa Blanca for Scandinavians : Case: Zariko Enterprise SL
Hospitality sales and marketing
Marketing and pricing strategies in the service industry : case study: Elinkautinen
Marketing plans : how to prepare them : how to use them
eHealth policy and deployment in the European Union : review and analysis of progress
informaatiolukutaito osana  oppinisprosessia = Information literacy and its role in the learning process
The restaurant : from concept to operation
Perspectives in sociological research
How to write a .com business plan : the internet entrepreneur's guide to everything you need to know about business plans and financing options
Start and run a coffee shop
New venture creation : entrepreneurship for the 21st century
Objective of this thesis was to create a new, interesting restaurant concept in Helsinki. Nowadays customers want to be provided with a new high-class restaurant experience, professional and knowledgeable high quality service, as well as first rate produces. All of these are valuable aspects in order to create long-term customer relations and satisfaction. Another important objective of this business plan was to provide a creative and supportive working environment to the professionals of the trade, whom want to fulfil themselves and enjoy their work. Long-term goal was also to raise the appreciation towards restaurant workers in general.    Theoretical section of this thesis highlights the importance of quality service in the restaurant industry. It takes the reader on a journey explaining in logical order what service actually is, what are the characteristics of good customer server, how those talents can be found, what drives them to provide excellent service and how companies can back up their employees to achieve their full potential. This thesis also summarises what are the positive outcomes of investing time and effort in taking good care of one's employees.     Customer service quality was chosen as the topic since it is something that the author of this thesis feels strongly about and believes that service can make or break a new restaurant. Research of theoretical framework was placed in action in the business plan, which's competitive edge is based on superior customer service quality.    Thesis process provided the author with the possibility to gain deeper knowledge in essential business planning as well as human resources management. Business plan framework used in this thesis made the author to look at entrepreneurism from many different aspects and to consider it as a true possibility to provide living for oneself. Aspects in the theoretical framework enriched the author's cognition on how important carefully planned human resources management is and how many things it affects in the long run. The author hopes that she can put these findings into action one day and provide a supportive and encouraging working environment for restaurant industry professionals.
Approved marketing plans for new products and services
Strategic marketing planning in a professional service business : case: Restaurointikeskus
The suggested Marketing plan for new student ICON package in the ICON department of Banglalink company
Public health approach on mental health in Europe
From idea to plan : a business plan for SkyTouch Ltd
Hospitality business development
Starting a home-based catering business : start-up costs and analysis of two alternative settings
Marketing plan for the Finnish Institute in Madrid
National plan for the organization of social welfare and health care services and the administration of environmental protection between 1990 and 1994.
How to open & operate a financially successful cleaning service
The specialty shop : how to create your own unique and profitable retail business
Business Plan     : Case: Liujun Consulting Service
Health for all policy in Finland
Proofreading market viability for Native English Solutions
The Prometheus deception
Threat vector
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
Agricultural consultation in Finnish crop farming
Contemporary issues in the early years
Marketing plan for Gasthaus Willa Elsa ry
Medical practice business plan workbook
Developing a successful service plan
This is NOT a fire drill : crisis intervention and prevention on college campuses
Marketing plan for event management company : case: Clubworks
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Social work and community care
Summary.
Developing a marketing plan for a new small-scale service company
The Prentice Hall encyclopedia of model business plans
Services marketing : people, technology, strategy
Logistics and supply chain management
A business and marketing plan for the cleaning company Hardmakers Oy
Launch marketing communications planning guide : case: service industry franchise chain X
Marketing plan for a non-profit association with an objective to increase membership and awareness of the association : Case: PATA Cambodia Chapter
Better service, better Karma : using service design to promote brand tribalism for Karma Studio
How to Establish a Programme Service Company
Analysing digital marketing communication and customer needs in developing an online presence for Paw Pal
Marketing plans : how to prepare them. How to use them
World of resorts : from development to management
Developing marketing planning through a customer survey : a case Tricolme Ltd
Bank Marketing Management : Case: Sacombank
Nowadays, coffee has a very important role in the Finnish culture and is part of the modern lifestyle. The coffee culture in Finland is constantly diversifying and is increasingly influenced with a Southern European touch. Service orientation is more frequently expected but rarely delivered. Service orientation is an excellent way to differentiate for a competitive advantage.     The theory part of this thesis examines the dimensions of service quality, required personal skills and sales processes for the delivery of service excellence for a competitive advantage. The product part of this thesis includes the creation of a business plan for KAFE | Quality & Selection, a lifestyle cafe with customer service as a competitive advantage. The service and sales processes in the business plan are designed based on the findings in the theory part for a unique service experience.     The purpose of this thesis is to work as an action plan in the possible business start-up of a lifestyle cafe with a similar concept. To conclude, it is determined whether or not a lifestyle cafe with customer service as a competitive advantage has the potential to be profitable and whether a business start-up should be established using the planned concept.
The marketing communication plan for case company : NBATC Oy
Marketing plans for service business : a complete guide
Public health action framework on mental health
Business planning: Excellence institute of language training
CIA targets Fidel : secret 1967 CIA Inspector General's report on plots to assassinate Fidel Castro
The second conference in Promoting well-being and holistic care through multidisciplinary education : August 20-22, 1996
Off-premise catering management
Contemporary issues in the early years : working collaboratively for children
Marketing plan for Pro-Saimaa Oy
Productivity in Public and Nonprofit Organizations : strategies and techniques
Marketing plans for services : a complete guide
National plan for the organization of social welfare and health care service in 1993-1996
The restaurant manager's handbook : how to set up, operate, and manage a financially successful food service operation
Brain friendly school libraries
Start your own e-business : your step-by-step guide to success
Informaatiolukutaito osana oppimisprosessia = Information literacy and its role in the learning process
Marketing communication plan for an expert service company
