http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27795 theatre teachers
theatre teachers
The rehearsal
The Routledge Companion to Jacques Lecoq presents a thorough overview and analysis of Jacques Lecoq's life, work and philosophy of theatre. Through an exemplary collection of specially commissioned chapters from leading writers, specialists and practitioners, it draws together writings and reflections on his pedagogy, his practice, and his influence on the wider theatrical environment. It is a comprehensive guide to the work and legacy of one of the major figures of Western theatre in the second half of the twentieth century. In a four-part structure over fifty chapters, the book examines: The historical, artistic and social context out of which Lecoq's work and pedagogy arose, and its relation to such figures as Jacques Copeau, Antonin Artaud, Jean-Louis Barrault, and Dario Fo. Core themes of Lecoq's International School of Theatre, such as movement, play, improvisation, masks, language, comedy, and tragedy, investigated by former teachers and graduates of the School. The significance and value of his pedagogical approaches in the context of contemporary theatre practices. The diaspora of performance practice from the School, from the perspective of many of the most prominent artists themselves. This is an important and authoritative guide for anyone interested in Lecoq's work.
Dorothy Heathcote : drama as a learning medium
The reflexive teaching artist : collected wisdom from the drama/theatre field
The great acting teachers and their methods
Searching for a better life through arts and skills : research results, visions and conclusions
The Routledge companion to Jacques Lecoq
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with the bard
The Reflexive Teaching Artist invites Teaching Artists at all levels of experience to consider the power of reflective practice. Kathryn Dawson and Daniel A. Kelin, II offer a reflective framework – a series of foundational concepts, including intentionality, quality, artistic perspective, assessment, and praxis – illuminated through reflexive case-study examples from Teaching Artists in a wide range of settings. The authors write from the dual perspectives of artist and educator to raise fundamental questions about the complex intentions, relationships and function of the teaching artist in school, community, and professional theatre settings. Through questions, guided reflection activities, collected wisdom from the field, and an introductory action-research model, Dawson, Kelin and their contributors closely examine the practice of teaching in, through, and about drama and theatre.
Michail Chekhov as actor, director, and teacher
Coping with not-knowing by co-confidencing in theatre teacher training : a grounded theory
Dorothy Heathcote : collected writings on education and drama
Singing in musical theatre : the training of singers and actors
Keith Johnstone : a critical biography
Meyerhold and the cubists : perspectives on painting and performance
