http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27742 advertising papers
advertising papers
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '77
Representations of leaders in education and recruitment advertisements in The Economist
Lonely hearts
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '72
Generic features of runaway slave advertisements from eighteenth-century America
On advertising English in classified motoring advertisements
Discourse, of course : an overview of research in discourse studies
Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications
Perfect match? : analysis of personal ads as a text type
Who's who in hell
The language of job advertisements in a Finnish newspaper
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '71
Bugfree coders and konsulttitrainee : on the use of English in job titles in Helsingin Sanomat
Anglicisms in personal columns
Photographis 81 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 81
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '68
Contemporary advertising
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '74
A murder is announced
Finnish summary.
Lonely hearts killers
Adjectives in job advertisements in English in Helsingin Sanomat : a semantic analysis
Translating promotional and advertising texts
Contrastive study of personal advertisements in American and Finnish newspapers with special reference to meaning and explicitness of utterances
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '78
Lääkemainokset lääkäreiden ammattilehdissä = Läkemedelsreklam i facktidskrifter för läkare = Pharmaceutical advertising in professional journals for medical doctors
Superhero for hire : true stories from small ads
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '73
Photographis 86 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 86
Pulse St. Petersburg : English ed
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '79
Photographis 84 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 84
The international annual of advertising = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbung = le répertoire international du la publicité
Comparative content analysis for the use of "strategic alliance" in announcements and journals
English in job ads : comparison between Finland and Spain
English, German, Dutch, and Finnish contact-ads
Ad critique : how to deconstruct ads in order to build better advertising
The proposal
Generic features of eighteenth century American runaway slave advertisements
Photographis 83 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 83
Photographis 82 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 82
Commercialisation of the regional press : the development of monopoly, profit and control
English job titles in Finnish recruitment advertisements
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '76
Publication design workbook : a graphic designer's handbook for real-world guide to designing complex texts--newsletters, magazines, annual reports, and newspapers
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '80
Successful, low-cost direct marketing methods : [a handbook of highly effective marketing and direct marketing methods]
