http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27753 metric spaces
metric spaces
This books various applications of Hilbert spaces, including least squares approximation, inverse problems, and Tikhonov regularization, should appeal not only to mathematicians interested in applications, but also to researchers in related fields. Functional Analysis adopts a self-contained approach to Banach spaces and operator theory that covers the main topics, based upon the classical sequence and function spaces and their operators. It assumes only a minimum of knowledge in elementary linear algebra and real analysis; the latter is redone in the light of metric spaces. It contains more than a thousand worked examples and exercises, which make up the main body of the book.
Dyadic systems in doubling metric spaces and applications to positive integral operators
Sobolev spaces on metric measure spaces : an approach based on upper gradients
Functional analysis : an introduction to metric spaces, Hilbert spaces, and Banach algebras
Space-filling, energy and moduli of continuity
Weighted Hardy inequalities beyond Lipschitz domains
Maximal operators and capacities in metric spaces
Mappings of finite distortion on generalized manifolds
Analysis on metric spaces emerged in the 1990s as an independent research field providing a unified treatment of first-order analysis in diverse and potentially nonsmooth settings. Based on the fundamental concept of upper gradient, the notion of a Sobolev function was formulated in the setting of metric measure spaces supporting a Poincaré inequality. This coherent treatment from first principles is an ideal introduction to the subject for graduate students and a useful reference for experts. It presents the foundations of the theory of such first-order Sobolev spaces, then explores geometric implications of the critical Poincaré inequality, and indicates numerous examples of spaces satisfying this axiom. A distinguishing feature of the book is its focus on vector-valued Sobolev spaces. The final chapters include proofs of several landmark theorems, including Cheeger's stability theorem for Poincaré inequalities under Gromov–Hausdorff convergence, and the Keith–Zhong self-improvement theorem for Poincaré inequalities.
