http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27728 special effects
special effects
Digital storytelling : the narrative power of visual effects in film
Masters of FX : behind the scenes with geniuses of visual and special effects
The visual effects producer : understanding the art and business of VFX
Throughout film history, one of the fundamental fantasies portrayed on screen has been the kind of physical action few of us could ever experience in real life. The image of an 'every man' engaged in hand-to-hand, mortal combat, defending his family or even the world population against an overwhelming and malevolent force, speaks to our most primal instincts and thus became a mainstay of movie entertainment. In order to translate these deep-seated fantasies to the screen, filmmakers have been developing special skills and crafts for over 100 years. It is these skills that make 'movie magic' and have allowed audiences to take part in the primal hopes and fears we all possess. Movie Stunts & Special Effects: A Comprehensive Guide to Planning and Execution is designed to inform filmmakers on how to plan for and utilize these crafts by engaging and empowering filmmakers to better communicate with stunts and effects practitioners, and thereby enabling them to more fully realize their vision. Director/Producer Andrew Lane surveys fights, use of weapons, cars and vehicles, falls, the use of pyrotechnics, atmospheric effects, bullet hits, wounds and blood, among many other categories. Factors such as cost, time to implement, safety accommodations, and assessing the competence of those employed to plan and execute stunts and special effects are numerous and very specific. Each topic in Movie Stunts & Special Effects is examined using narrative explanations and extensive interviews with world-renowned experts. Various stunts and special effects are explored in the context of how they are best captured by a camera and then editorially constituted in the final product.
Mastering Adobe Premiere Pro CS6 hotshot : take your video editing skills to new and exciting levels with eight fantastic projects
No strings attached : the inside story of Jim Henson's Creature Shop
Hollywood makeup lab : industry secrets and techniques
Spectacular digital effects : CGI and contemporary cinema
Digital visual effects in cinema
Cinema secrets : Special effects
Showcases the work of the Doctor Who art department in detail. This book helps you to discover how the designers work with the costume, make-up and special effects teams to produce the alien worlds, and how the work has evolved from the programme's 'classic' era to the panoramic alien worlds and technologies that delight audiences today. / WorldCat.
Dementors and Goblins, Merpeople and Chinese Fireball Dragons - these are just a few of the magical creatures and frightening monsters populating JK Rowling's wizarding world. The Vault takes a comprehensive look at the fascinating process of bringing the menagerie to life for the blockbuster Harry Potter film series. With detailed profiles of each creature, rare pieces of concept art, behind the scenes shots and film stills, this is unmissable!
Special event production. The resources
Harry Potter : the artifact vault
Digital compositing in the VFX pipeline
Doctor Who : impossible worlds : a 50-year treasury of art and design
Adobe Premiere Pro CC classroom in a book
The Vatican to Vegas : the history of special effects
"A unique resource detailing the developments and use of special effects in the American movie industry, this title is well indexed and illustrated with 366 entries. It covers Academy Award-winning special effects movies, groundbreaking techniques, equipment, and devices, special effects houses, and pivotal figures in mechanical and visual special effects, makeup, creature design, directing, and stunt work."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
Special event production : the resources
Movie stunts & special effects : a comprehensive guide to planning and execution
Nuke 101 : professional compositing and visual effects
Basics : a beginner's guide to special effects
The cinema effect
Concert lighting : the art and business of entertainment lightning
Harry Potter : the creature vault
Modern sci-fi films FAQ : all that's left to know about time travel, alien, robot, and out-of-this-world movies since 1970
PBR workflows in Cycles Render Engine : PBR workflows for realistic rendering in Cycles Render Engine
Encyclopedia of movie special effects
Concert Lighting: Tools, Techniques, Art, and Business Fourth Edition provides readers with an updated look at how to succeed in the complex world of concert lighting design and technology. The authors have reorganized the book into three comprehensive and thoroughly revised sections, covering history, equipment and technology, and design, and containing new information on LED technology, pixel mapping, projection options, media servers, automated lighting, solutions for moving lights, DMX, and Ethernet problems, and designer communication and collaboration. This book also explores the cross-media use of concert lighting techniques in film, video, theatre, and the corporate world, highlighted with advice from master designers such as Bruce Rodgers, Cosmo Wilson, and Sarah Landau. From securing precious contracts to knowing the best equipment to use to design a show, Concert Lighting covers everything a designer needs to know about working in the touring industry.
The digital matte painting handbook
