http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27785 extreme environments
extreme environments
New perspectives on climate, Earth surface processes and thermal hydrological conditions in high-latitude systems
Roma and traveller inclusion in Europe. : green questions and answers
Large-scale ecology : model systems to global perspectives
The mental strategies of elite climbing Sherpas
In the mid-nineteenth century the North Pole was a mystery. Explorers who tried to penetrate the real icy wastes failed or died. But after Sir John Franklin disappeared with all his men in 1845, serious efforts began to be made to find the true Northernmost point of the globe. The new explorers included Elisha Kane, a sickly man and useless commander, who led his team close to death in 1854, and Charles Hall, a printer from Ohio. Hall made the mistake of taking an experienced crew, who refused to commit suicide for him. Their mutiny so enraged Hall that he died of a stroke, and some of his crew escaped south on an ice-floe. They were followed by the Germans, newly united and eager for their place in the ice, the Austro-Hungarians, and the British, who in 1876 managed to get further than any other expedition, travelling over terrain later explorers considered impassable. They left the field to the Norwegians, to expeditions organized by the American tabloid press, Swedish baloonists, aristocratic Italians and finally to the obsessive Robert Peary, who on one trip took his pregnant wife with him in order to set a record for the most northerly birth in history. He finally made it in 1909.
Demanding applications : DEMAPP : final report 3/2014
Genomics of bacterial and archaeal virus isolates from extreme aquatic environments
Ninety degrees North : the quest for the North Pole
Thermus bacteriophage P23-77 : key member of a novel, but ancient family of viruses from extreme environments
Beautiful, brilliant Dr Gina Solomon is one of a handful of scientists stationed on a remote island off the Arctic Circle. Out conducting research in the last days before winter wraps the area in months-long darkness, she witnesses a plane crash over the Bering Sea, and rescues a survivor from the wreckage. With a snowstorm stranding them unexpectedly, it's at least twenty-four hours before they return to the research station - and discover that all of the other scientists have been murdered. Whoever killed them is still on the island.
SAS and Special Forces fitness training : an elite workout program for body and mind
Unraveling the functional divergence of membrane-bound pyrophosphatases
India today : economy, politics and society
Twenty years ago India was still generally thought of as an archetypal developing country, home to the largest number of poor people of any country in the world, and beset by problems of low economic growth, casteism and violent religious conflict. Now India is being feted as an economic power-house which might well become the second largest economy in the world before the middle of this century. Its democratic traditions, moreover, remain broadly intact. How and why has this historic transformation come about? And what are its implications for the people of India, for Indian society and politics? These are the big questions addressed in this book by three scholars who have lived and researched in different parts of India during the period of this great transformation.
