http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27794 Hilbert space
Hilbert space
Extension theory of operators in Krein and Pontryagin spaces and applications
This books various applications of Hilbert spaces, including least squares approximation, inverse problems, and Tikhonov regularization, should appeal not only to mathematicians interested in applications, but also to researchers in related fields. Functional Analysis adopts a self-contained approach to Banach spaces and operator theory that covers the main topics, based upon the classical sequence and function spaces and their operators. It assumes only a minimum of knowledge in elementary linear algebra and real analysis; the latter is redone in the light of metric spaces. It contains more than a thousand worked examples and exercises, which make up the main body of the book.
The theory of H(b) spaces
The main theme of this volume is the invariant subspaces of the shift operator (or its adjoint) on certain function spaces, in particular, the Hardy space, Dirichlet space, and de Branges-Rovnyak spaces. These spaces, and the action of the shift operator on them, have turned out to be a precious tool in various questions in analysis such as function theory (Bieberbach conjecture, rigid functions, Schwarz-Pick inequalities), operator theory (invariant subspace problem, composition operator), and systems and control theory. Of particular interest is the Dirichlet space, which is one of the classical Hilbert spaces of holomorphic functions on the unit disk. From many points of view, the Dirichlet space is an interesting and challenging example of a function space. Though much is known about it, several important open problems remain, most notably the characterization of its zero sets and of its shift-invariant subspaces.
Tomitaś theory of modular Hilbert algebras and its applications
Functional analysis : an introduction to metric spaces, Hilbert spaces, and Banach algebras
C - algebras and W -algebras
Invitation to linear operators : from matrices to bounded linear operators on a Hilbert space
An H(b) space is defined as a collection of analytic functions which are in the image of an operator. The theory of H(b) spaces bridges two classical subjects: complex analysis and operator theory, which makes it both appealing and demanding. The first volume of this comprehensive treatment is devoted to the preliminary subjects required to understand the foundation of H(b) spaces, such as Hardy spaces, Fourier analysis, integral representation theorems, Carleson measures, Toeplitz and Hankel operators, various types of shift operators, and Clark measures.
An invitation to C*-algebras
Introduction to Hilbert space and the theory of spectral multiplicity
Spectral theory of operators in Hilbert space
Invariant subspaces of the shift operator : CRM Workshop, Invariant Subspaces of the Shift Operator, August 26-30, 2013, Centre de Recherches Mathématiques, Université de Montréal, Montréal : Centre de Recherches Mathématiques proceedings
"An H(b) space is defined as a collection of analytic functions which are in the image of an operator. The theory of H(b) spaces bridges two classical subjects: complex analysis and operator theory, which makes it both appealing and demanding. The first volume of this comprehensive treatment is devoted to the preliminary subjects required to understand the foundation of H(b) spaces, such as Hardy spaces, Fourier analysis, integral representation theorems, Carleson measures, Toeplitz and Hankel operators, various types of shift operators, and Clark measures. The second volume focuses on the central theory. Both books are accessible to graduate students as well as researchers: each volume contains numerous exercises and hints, and figures are included throughout to illustrate the theory. Together, these two volumes provide everything the reader needs to understand and appreciate this beautiful branch of mathematics"--
The theory of H(b) spaces. Volume 2
Analysis now
Linear differential operators. 1, Elementary theory of linear differential operators
