http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27727 bloggers
bloggers
Blogging : how our private thoughts went public
How to be a blogger and vlogger in 10 easy lessons
Blogging as a business : the revenue models Evidence from Finland
Reading the comments : likers, haters, and manipulators at the bottom of the Web
The ultimate guide to using WordPress to make your life easier WordPress guru Thord Daniel Hedengren takes you beyond the blog to give you the tools and know-how needed to build just about anything in WordPress. You'll discover how to use WordPress as a CMS to power fully-fledged websites, photo galleries, forums, Commerce sites, and much more. You get step-by step instructions on developing model sites from the ground up and how to utilize and build plugins that let you take WordPress to the next level. You will learn how to: Use custom post types and custom taxonomies Add and work with custom headers, backgrounds, and more Build gorgeous WordPress themes with the latest features Create custom login forms and admin themes Control content with the loop (and alternatives to the loop) Integrate theme options and the theme customizer Extend WordPress with widget functionality Build WordPress projects for SEO Integrate WordPress with the social web Create helpful navigation using the navigation menu Use conditional control elements Get started with your own responsive themes Updated and revised to cover the changes to WordPress 3.8 , Smashing WordPress: Beyond the Blog, 4 th Edition, is the ultimate guide to getting the most out of WordPress.
The blonde salad
The amazing book is not on fire : the world of Dan and Phil
Get rich vlogging : Zoella did it. Alfie did it. Now you can do it
To blog oneself free, to lock oneself up : (re)negotiations of blogs as spaces for power structures, social relations and eating disordered girlhood
Constructing consumer femininities : a study of young female bloggers' portrayal of consumption in fashion blogs
Yogscast : the diggy diggy book
The million dollar blog
Lilly Singh : the ultimate unofficial superwoman guide
Through a combination of practical advice and interviews with some of the world's leading bloggers, vloggers and content strategists, including Seth Godin, Lily Pebbles, Grant Cardone and Madeleine Shaw, entrepreneur and digital strategist Natasha Courtenay-Smith shows you how to build a blog that will increase your profile, create new opportunities, earn money and change your life.
We are Dan and Phil and we invite you on a journey inside our minds! From the stories of our actual births, to exploring Phil's teenage diary and all the reasons why Dan's a fail. Learn how to draw the perfect cat whiskers, get advice on what to do in an awkward situation and discover which of our dining chairs represents you emotionally.
The C-word : just your average 28-year old...friends, family, Facebook, cancer
How a bad girl fell in love
Information sharing in the era of social media
"The last thing Lisa Lynch had expected to put on her 'things to do before you're 30' list was beating breast cancer, but them's the breaks. So with her life on hold, and her mind stuffed with unspoken fears, questions and emotions, she turned to her computer and started blogging about the frustrating, life-altering, sheer pain-in-the-arse inconvenience of getting breast cancer at the age of 28. The C-Word is an unflinchingly honest and darkly humorous account of Lisa's battle with The Bullshit, as she came to call it. From the good days when she could almost pretend it wasn't happening, to the bad days, when she couldn't bear to wake up, Lisa's story is emotional, heartbreaking and often hilarious. The C-Word will make you laugh and cry, and ultimately reaffirm your faith in life."--Publisher's description.
Mason-Dixon Knitting : Stories, patterns, advice, opinions, questions, answers, jokes, and pictures
Ask me anything
The foodie teen : over 100 nutritious and wholesome recipes from a teenage blogging sensation
Creative blogging : your first steps to a succesful blog
The art of asking : or how I learned to stop worrying and let people help
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Smashing WordPress : beyond the blog
Blogging for dummies
PewDiePie : the ultimate unofficial fan guide to the world's biggest YouTuber
Destination branding by means of tourist-created content
Ctrl, alt, delete : how I grew up online
Part confessional, part drunken-rant-on-the-bus, Girl on the Net guides us through the lessons a thirty-something sex blogger has learned about sex and love. This book takes us on a journey that begins with a happy ending and goes swiftly downhill from there, dismantling some of our myths about romance along the way as she weaves her own relationship issues and surprises through candid personal stories and weird facts gathered from three years of sex blogging.
Would you like to earn millions by talking about your favourite subject? A new generation of vloggers have become millionaires by sharing make-up tutorials, comedy sketches and gaming videos. These people didn't start off with fancy equipment, expert technical knowledge or huge audiences. They are self-made. This book examines how they achieved success and provides a step by step guide to the process of finding fame and fortune online. Featuring advice from vloggers including Jim Chapman, Fleur De Force and KSI alongside business tips from YouTube CBO Robert Kyncl and Gleam Futures founder Dominic Smales, this book contains insider information about the mechanics of making money by vlogging. Subjects covered include brand-building, filming and editing equipment techniques, social media, working with talent managers, dealing with digital marketing agencies, making merchandise and negotiating with brands.
