http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27744 arts-based methods
arts-based methods
Oxford textbook of creative arts, health, and wellbeing : international perspectives on practice, policy and research
The story in the picture : inquiry and artmaking with young children
Dramatherapy and autism
Abstract.
See me! : multicultural encounters with creative methods
The age of new waves : art cinema and the staging of globalization
The Reflexive Teaching Artist invites Teaching Artists at all levels of experience to consider the power of reflective practice. Kathryn Dawson and Daniel A. Kelin, II offer a reflective framework – a series of foundational concepts, including intentionality, quality, artistic perspective, assessment, and praxis – illuminated through reflexive case-study examples from Teaching Artists in a wide range of settings. The authors write from the dual perspectives of artist and educator to raise fundamental questions about the complex intentions, relationships and function of the teaching artist in school, community, and professional theatre settings. Through questions, guided reflection activities, collected wisdom from the field, and an introductory action-research model, Dawson, Kelin and their contributors closely examine the practice of teaching in, through, and about drama and theatre.
Using extensive examples from practice with a range of client groups, Dramatherapy and Autism confronts the assumption that people with autism are not able to function within the metaphorical realms of the imagination and creativity. It demonstrates that not only are people who function along the spectrum capable of engaging in creative exploration, but that through encountering these processes in the clinical context of dramatherapy, changes can be made that are life enhancing. Bringing in cutting-edge research and practice on dramatherapy, Dramatherapy and Autism aims to contribute to developing the theory and practice of creative arts therapies interventions with clients with autism. The book is part of the Dramatherapy: approaches, relationships, critical ideas series, in which leading practitioners and researchers in the field develop the knowledge base of this unique discipline, whilst contextualising and acknowledging its relationship with other arts and therapeutic practices. Dramatherapy and Autism will be of interest to a broad spectrum of readers, such as dramatherapists in practice and training, arts practitioners and academic researchers engaged in multidisciplinary enquiry.
Melamorphosis : an artistic journey through shapeshifting
Contemporary self-portraits. Féin-phortráidí conhaimiseartha
ArtGoesWork
Arts-based methods in child welfare : towards own space and experiences.
Puppetry in dementia care : connecting through creativity and joy
Turku 2011 - tieteen kulttuuripääkaupunki = Turku 2011 - the capital of science and culture
The reflexive teaching artist : collected wisdom from the drama/theatre field
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
Contemporary self-portraits. Me as me
Facilitating arts-based methods in elderly care : a multiple case study on organizations
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
Encounter art : handbook for a group guide
Mindfulness and the arts therapies : theory and practice
Relate North : art, heritage & identity
Contemporary self-portraits. Children make their mark
Contemporary self-portraits
Contemporary self-portraits. Kaasaegne autoportree = Современый автопотрет = Contemporary self-portrait
This handbook is a collection of the subjects handled in Encounter Art group-guide training. In addition to Encounter Art group guides, the handbook is well suited to social-welfare, health-care and educational supervisors when they assess the applicability of Encounter Art to the operations of their own units. Encounter Art constitutes group-form visual-art activities that can offer support for myriad life situations. Encounter Art views the individual as a member of his or her community, and Encounter Art activities emphasize use of all the senses. Encounter Art work is phased in such a way that even inexperienced actors get to enjoy the aesthetic magic of making art and appreciative viewing of their works of art together with the peer group. Encounter Art is based on the Japanese Clinical Art system. Since 2006, Tohoku Fukushi University in Japan and Laurea University of Applied Sciences have cooperated on Encounter Art.
"Arts Integration and Special Education contributes to research, policy, and practice by providing a theory of action for studying how linguistic, cognitive, and affective student engagement relates to arts integrated learning contexts and how these dimensions of engagement influence content area and literacy learning. Arts Integration and Special Education connects the interdisciplinary framework in human development and linguistics, special education, and urban education with primary action research by special educators trained in arts integration, working in an inclusive urban charter school with middle school age students. Upper elementary to middle-grade level student learning is relatively understudied and this work contributes across fields of special education and urban education, as well as arts education. Moreover, the classrooms in which the action research occurs are comprised of students with a diverse range of abilities and needs. The book's interdisciplinary model, which draws on developmental and educational psychology, special education, and speech/language pathology research and practice, is the first to posit explanations for how and why AI contexts facilitate learning in students with language and sensory processing disorders, and those at-risk for school failure due to low socioeconomic status conditions"--
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
Psychiatric visual expression interview in dissociative disorders
Arts integration and special education : an inclusive theory of action for student engagement
