http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27747 Wednesday
Wednesday
Many small restaurants situated in the suburban area faces the problem that their main source of income is generated through beverage sales. That means also that not enough turnovers are created in the kitchen department. Of course most of the restaurants would like to increase the sales in the kitchen, but only very few are willing to invest the necessary time and money finding an appropriate method to reach that ambition. By that many business possibilities are wasted and potential customers will not enter the restaurant.   Marketing a restaurant effectively is a challenging and extensive task, but finding feasible marketing tools for a restaurant driven in a SME type environment is very difficult. This is partly reasoned in a lack of knowledge, tradition and reluctance to invest money from the entrepreneur's side. It was the author's task to find an appropriate tool to market a small restaurant situated in the outskirts of Helsinki.  This thesis covers a theoretical approach towards SME restaurants, their operations and especially their marketing behaviour. Furthermore a theoretical approach towards the implementation of theme weeks in SME restaurants is given, including product pricing, human resources, marketing and operational matters.  After that an actual theme week is presented, based on the project “Schnitzel weeks” in the restaurant E.T. Charlie. It was held just before Eastern and took ten days. This part describes the planning, organisation and execute of a theme week in a small scaled restaurant on a step-to-step basis. This includes amongst others human resources, pricing and operational aspects. Meanwhile special awareness is put onto the planning and realising of the project.  Finally the thesis gives an evaluation of the project. A final financial result is presented, but as it not was the main goal of the event to create as big a profit as possible, other aspects were of more importance, such as the learning process and future marketing possibilities. That is why employee and customer reactions towards the theme week are of special interest in the evaluation of the project. In the very end of the thesis other marketing possibilities for the restaurant and by that other restaurant in a similar situation are provided.
Theme weeks as a marketing tool in SME restaurants : based on the project "Schnitzel weeks" in the restaurant E.T. Charlie
