http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27737 cooperative games
cooperative games
Abstract.
The Big Book of Madness
Sentinels of the multiverse : card game
Mage knight : Board game
Pandemic Iberia
Ghost stories
Shadows over Camelot
It's the mid-19th century and diseases are spreading fast on the Iberian peninsula. Your mission? As members of The Second Royal Philanthropic Expedition, you must research four deadly diseases: malaria, typhus cholera and yellow fever. From Barcelona to Lisboa, you will travel by carriage, boat, and train to help the Iberian populace. In addition to treating patients and sharing your research, you will develop railways and purify water to help you contain the spread of diseases.
Topics in cooperative game theory
Another criminal is on the run and Sherlock Holmes has a lead! Of cource, he패ll have the culprit behind bars in no time. Unless you beat him at his own game! Holmes isn패t the only capable mind in London and it패s about time someonenoticed! With the help of your associates, gather evidence, follow the clues, and use your power of deduction to solve the case before the great Sherlock Holmes! Whatever will remain, however improbable, must be the truth.
The big book of leadership games : quick, fun activities to improve communication, increase productivity, and bring out the best in your employees
Win-Win thinking : using the [win-win] return of Karelia as a case study
Arkham horror : the card game
Xenoshyft : Onslaught. A strategic base defence deck builder
The encyclopedia of icebreakers : structured activities that warm-up, motivate, challenge, acquaint and energize
Dead of winter : a crossroads game
Pandemic : Reign of Cthulhu
A touch of evil : The supernatural game
Dead of winter : The long night
Beings of ancient evil, known as Old Ones, are threatening to break out of their cosmic prison and awake into the world. Everything you know and love could be destroyed by chaos and madness. Can you and your fellow investigators manage to find and seal every portal in time? Hurry before you lose yourself to insanity.
Kill Shakespeare
According to the reigning competition-driven model of evolution, selfish behaviors that maximize an organism's reproductive potential offer a fitness advantage over self-sacrificing behaviors--rendering unselfish behavior for the sake of others a mystery that requires extra explanation. Evolution, Games, and God addresses this conundrum by exploring how cooperation, working alongside mutation and natural selection, plays a critical role in populations from microbes to human societies. Inheriting a tendency to cooperate, argue the contributors to this book, may be as beneficial as the self-preserving instincts usually thought to be decisive in evolutionary dynamics. Assembling experts in mathematical biology, history of science, psychology, philosophy, and theology, Martin Nowak and Sarah Coakley take an interdisciplinary approach to the terms "cooperation" and "altruism." Using game theory, the authors elucidate mechanisms by which cooperation--a form of working together in which one individual benefits at the cost of another--arises through natural selection. They then examine altruism--cooperation which includes the sometimes conscious choice to act sacrificially for the collective good--as a key concept in scientific attempts to explain the origins of morality. Discoveries in cooperation go beyond the spread of genes in a population to include the spread of cultural transformations such as languages, ethics, and religious systems of meaning. The authors resist the presumption that theology and evolutionary theory are inevitably at odds. Rather, in rationally presenting a number of theological interpretations of the phenomena of cooperation and altruism, they find evolutionary explanation and theology to be strongly compatible.
Arkham Horror: The Card Game is a cooperative living card game set amid a backdrop of Lovecraftian horror. As the ancient ones seek entry to our world, one to two investigators work to unravel arcane mysteries and conspiracies. Included in this base game box is one campaign which has three scenarios.
Voluntary coercion : collective action and the social contract
Legendary : a Marvel deck building game
Design games as a tool, a mindset and a structure
The walking dead board game : The best defense
Legendary encounters : a Predator deck building game
Creative teaching methods in education  : YKON 패s World Idea Game pilot-project for upper secondary schools
Mice and mystics
Legends of Andor
Modeling cooperative behavior in smart grid and cognitive radio systems
Organization of inter-firm research cooperation
Mansions of madness
Game theory and international environmental cooperation
T.I.M.E. stories
Zombicide season 2 : Prison outbreak
Moral sentiments and material interests : the foundations of cooperation in economic life
Warhammer quest : the adventure card game
The lord of the rings : the card game
Co-opetition
Changing the message : a handbook for experiental prevention
A game-theoretic perspective on coalition formation
The work flow game for knowledge work : a handbook
Flash point : Fire rescue
Arkham horror : Dunwich horror expansion
Witch of Salem
A global lottery and a global premium bond
New insights on the role of ecology and life-history in social evolution
Coopetitive advantage : how firms create and appropriate value by collaborating with their competitors
Freedom : the underground railroad
The big book of team motivating games : spirit-building, problem-solving, and communication games for every group
Evolution, games, and God : the principle of cooperation
Teaching team sports : a coeducational approach
Eldritch horror
Arkham horror
Got game : how the gamer generation is reshaping business forever
Robinson Crusoe : Adventures on the cursed island
The grizzled
XCOM : the board game
Sherlock Holmes consulting detective
International joint ventures : an interplay of cooperative and noncooperative games under incomplete information
On the challenges of designing cooperative coalition games for multi-species fisheries
Art & play : designing ludic interactions within the art field
Innovation incentives in enterprise networks : a game theoretic approach
Last night on earth : The zombie game
Dungeons & Dragons : the legend of Drizzt : board game
Dungeons & dragons : wrath of Ashardalon : board game
You and your teammates will have to work together to survive the continuous onslaught of powerful alien threats and horrors. The goal of the mission is not to wipe out these threats, it is merely to outlast them! Survive through nine rounds of combat with these horrors and the base will have succeeded in its mission, and you and your allies will have survived to fight another day!
Global collective action
Beyond Baker Street
Star Trek : Frontiers board game is an epic game of exploration and adventure. Take control of one of four powerful starships and play a variety of competitive and cooperative scenarios as you compete to explore this new region of space. Conquer Dominion starbases and gain new technologies, explore new planets and face new species, or assault the Borg and recruit new crew to help you reach new heights! Level up as you progress through each mission and carefully build your action deck and captains skills for the mission at hand. Each decision you make will impede or improve your reputation in the region, as you acquire new technologies and position yourself as the captain best suited to accomplish the mission. After 4 rounds of exploration, diplomacy, and combat, only the captain with the greatest impact on the region will be declared the victor!
Conflicts and cooperation in managing environmental resources
SuperCooperators : altruism, evolution, and why we need each other to succeed
Battlestar Galactica : The board game
Dungeons & dragons : Temple of elemental evil : board game
Kill Shakespeare : the board game is based on the Kill Shakespeare comic book series from co-writers Anthony Del Col and Conor McCreery and artist Andy Belanger. Designed to be a "semi-cooperative"-style board game, players unite to battle against evil forces controlled by the game itself, while still jockeying to come out as the individual leader on the scoreboard
Pandemic : the cure
Demented prisoners
Panic station
Arkham horror : Miskatonic horror expansion
