http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27779 cyberwarfare
cyberwarfare
Cybersecurity and cybercrime in the 21st century
Cyber conflict and global politics
Counterterrorism and cybersecurity : total information awareness
Theoretical offensive cyber militia models
Cyberwar 2.0 : myths, mysteries and reality
Cyber policy in China
Cyberwar : another revolution in military affairs?
Current and emerging trends in cyber operations : policy, strategy and practice
Tallinn manual 2.0 on the international law applicable to cyber operations
The legal regulation of cyber attacks
The information systems security officer's guide : establishing and managing a cyber security program
Dark territory : the secret history of cyber war
The dark sides of the Internet : on cyber threats and information warfare
A battle in bits and bytes : computer network attacks and the law of armed conflict
[At]war : the rise of cyber warfare
Cyber weapon target analysis
Virtuous war : mapping the military-industrial-media-entertainment network
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Cyber operations and the use of force in international law
Security questions of network centric warfare
"Over the Atlantic, an airliner's controls suddenly stop reacting. In Japan, an oil tanker runs aground when its navigational system fails. An in the Midwest, a nuclear power plant nearly becomes the next Chernobyl. At first, these computer failures seem unrelated. But Jeff Aiken, a former government analyst who saw the mistakes made before 9/11, fears that there may be a more serious attack coming. And he soon realizes that there isn't much time if he hopes to stop an international disaster. Zero Day presents a chilling "what if" scenario written in the vein of Richard A. Clarke and Daniel Suarez.
Critical infrastructure protection against cyber threats
Information security in network-centric warfare
"Cyber operations is an emerging professional and academic field of interest, encompassing multiple disciplines associated with both technical and non-technical operations conducted in cyber space. This book importantly focuses on the non-technical aspects, such as policy, strategy and best practice. It presents both theoretical and practical approaches towards understanding the evolution of cyber operations. This volume provides a multidisciplinary examination of international trends, with contributions from scholars and high-profile practitioners working in the fields of cyber security, cyber warfare, and information management. It also takes an international approach to these issues, incorporating studies from a military (warfare) context as well as civilian (private industry) environments. Current and Emerging Trends in Cyber Operations is essential reading for policy makers, military personnel, private sector professionals and both senior scholars and students to understand current changes and new issues in cyber operations"--
Cyberwar : security, strategy, and conflict in the information age
Cyber war will not take place
Cyber Security : analytics, tchnology and automation
Ghost in the shell. [2], man-machine interface
WatchDogs 2 (PS4)
Ethics and policies for cyber operations : a NATO cooperative cyber defence centre of excellence initiave
Cyberwar : law and ethics for virtual conflicts
The industries of the future
Cybercrime : key issues and debates
21st century Chinese cyberwarfare : an examination of the Chinese cyberthreat from fundamentals of Communist policy regarding information warfare through the broad range of military, civilian and commercially supported cyberattack threat vectors
"This book is a multi-disciplinary analysis of cyber warfare, featuring contributions by leading experts from a mixture of academic and professional backgrounds. Cyber warfare, meaning inter-state cyber aggression, is an increasingly important emerging phenomenon in international relations, with state-orchestrated (or apparently state-orchestrated) computer network attacks occurring in Estonia (2007), Georgia (2008) and Iran (2010). This method of waging warfare - given its potential to, for example, make planes fall from the sky or cause nuclear power plants to melt down - has the capacity to be as devastating as any conventional means of conducting armed conflict. Every state in the world now has a cyber-defence programme and over 120 states also have a cyber-attack programme. While the amount of literature on cyber warfare is growing within disciplines, our understanding of the subject has been limited by a lack of cross-disciplinary approaches. In response, this book, drawn from the fields of computer science, military strategy, international law, political science and military ethics, provides a critical overview of cyber warfare for those approaching the topic from whatever angle. Chapters consider the emergence of the phenomena of cyber warfare in international affairs; what cyber-attacks are from a technological standpoint; the extent to which cyber-attacks can be attributed to state actors; the strategic value and danger posed by cyber conflict; the legal regulation of cyber-attacks as part of an on-going armed conflict and the ethical implications of cyber warfare. This book will be of great interest to students of cyber war, cyber security, military ethics, international law, security studies and IR in general"--
Insights into cyberspace, cyber security and cyberwar in the Nordic countries
Evolution of the cyber domain : the implications for national and global security
The politics of cyberconflict
Intercept : the secret history of computers and spies
Cyber warfare and international law
Robot Law
Cyberwarfare : information operations in a connected world
The care and maintenance of cyberweapons
Cyber warfare : a multidisciplinary analysis
"As cyber-attacks dominate front-page news, as hackers displace terrorists on the list of global threats, and as top generals warn of a coming cyber war, few books are more timely and enlightening than Dark Territory: The Secret History of Cyber War, by Slate columnist and Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Fred Kaplan. Kaplan probes the inner corridors of the National Security Agency, the beyond-top-secret cyber units in the Pentagon, the "information warfare" squads of the military services, and the national security debates in the White House, to tell this never-before-told story of the officers, policymakers, scientists, and spies who devised this new form of warfare and who have been planning--and (more often than people know) fighting--these wars for decades. From the 1991 Gulf War to conflicts in Haiti, Serbia, Syria, the former Soviet republics, Iraq, and Iran, where cyber warfare played a significant role, Dark Territory chronicles, in fascinating detail, a little-known past that shines an unsettling light on our future"--
This book reviews the role that cyberwarfare plays in modern military operations--operations in which it has become almost impossible to separate cyberwarfare from traditional warfare. Key features include: incorporation of hands-on activities, relevant examples, and realistic exercises to prepare readers for their future careers; examination of the importance of information as a military asset, from the days of Sun Tzu and Julius Caesar to the present; discussion of cyberwarfare in light of the law of war and international conventions, and the new questions it is raising; a review of the various methods of attack used in recent years by both nation-state and nonstate actors; outlines of strategies for defending endpoints, networks, and data; offering of predictions on the future of cyberwarfare and its interaction with military doctrine; provision of fresh capabilities due to information drawn from the Snowden NSA leaks. --
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Like the Internet before it, robotics is a socially and economically transformative technology. Robot Law explores how the increasing sophistication of robots and their widespread deployment into hospitals, public spaces, and battlefields requires rethinking of a wide variety of philosophical and public policy issues, including how this technology interacts with existing legal regimes, and thus may inspire changes in policy and in law. This volume collects the efforts of a diverse group of scholars who each, in their own way, has worked to overcome barriers in order to facilitate necessary and timely discussions of a technology in its infancy. Identifying controversial legal, ethical, and philosophical problems, the authors reveal how issues surrounding robotics and regulation are more complicated than engineers could have anticipated, and just how much definitional and applied work remains to be done. This groundbreaking examination of a brand-new reality will be of interest and of use to a variety of groups as the authors include engineers, ethicists, lawyers, roboticists, philosophers, and serving military.
Over the last two decades, the Internet and more broadly cyberspace has had a tremendous impact on all parts of society. Governments across the world have started to develop cyber security strategies and to consider cyberspace as an increasingly important international issue. The book, in addition to the cyber threats and technology, processes cyber security from many sides as a social phenomenon and how the implementation of the cyber security strategy is carried out. The book gives a profound idea of the most spoken phenomenon of this time. The book is suitable for a wide-ranging audience from graduate to professionals/practitioners and researchers. Relevant disciplines for the book are Telecommunications / Network security, Applied mathematics / Data analysis, Mobile systems / Security, Engineering / Security of critical infrastructure and Military science / Security.
Cyber security for decision makers
@war : the rise of cyber warfare
"The never-before-told story of the computer scientists and the NSA, Pentagon, and White House policymakers who invented and employ the wars of the present and future--the cyber wars where every country can be a major power player and every hacker a mass destroyer, as reported by a Pulitzer Prize--winning security and defense journalist"--
Conquest in cyberspace : national security and information warfare
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Treasury's war : the unleashing of a new era of financial warfare
Offensive cyber capabilities are needed because of deterrence
Cybersecurity and cyberwar : what everyone needs to know
Surviving cyberwar
Cyber war versus cyber realities : cyber conflict in the international system
Chinese Cybersecurity and Defense
Cyberspace and the state : toward a strategy for cyber-power
Developing cyber security architecture for military networks using cognitive networking
The emperor's digital clothes : cyberwar and the application of classical theories of war
International relations and security in the digital age
