http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p277 change
change
Information services today : an introduction
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
The Change management pocket guide : tools for managing change
Modernization : the dynamics of growth
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
Making sense of change management : a complete guide to the models, tools and techniques of organizational change
Schoolteachers and schooling : ethoses in conflict
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Technology shocks and employment in open economies
Belief base dynamics
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Social marketing : doing well by doing good? a look into organizations? marketing communication campaigns on social issues in Finland
From the colonial to the postcolonial : India and Pakistan in transition
Survival competencies in SMEs in changing business environments
While recent studies have highlighted the phenomenon and risks of increased inequalities between the top and the bottom of society, little research has so far been carried out on trends relating to the median income range that generally represents the middle class. This volume examines the following questions: what are the main transformations in the world of work over the last 20 years in terms of the labour market, social dialogue and conditions of work, wages and incomes that may have affected the middle class? How has the middle class been altered by the financial and economic crisis? What are the long-term trends for the middle class in Europe? This volume also investigates the potential risks and effects of the reshuffling, or even weakening, of the middle class. On the social side, it explores the ramifications of further retrenchment of the European Social Model, which to a great extent has traditionally been funded by the middle class. On the economic side, the book investigates whether this process - especially from the perspective of consumption and human capital - is endangering the long-term sustainability of the current economic model. While presenting evidence of a definite erosion of the middle class, this book assesses the specific situation in each individual EU member state on the basis of detailed statistics and case studies of professional categories that traditionally represent the middle class. This book issues a timely warning about the latest trends and prospects for the middle class in Europe. On this basis, it presents policy considerations and options that will be useful to policy-makers for ensuring the future of the middle class in Europe. Scholars and researchers of European studies and social policy, especially from a sustainability perspective, will find this volume to be an invaluable reference.
Where lies the horizontal scientist?
The dream society : how the coming shift from information to imagination will transform your business
Another development : approahes and strategies
Abstract: The paradoxes of power in South Africas's political transition.
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
Change process from individual's point of view
Social change
The purpose of the book is to tie together various perspectives, insights and constructions pertaining to contemporary landscapes and landscape representations from different theoretical and methodological positions as well as from diverse geographical and historical contexts in order to elucidate and illustrate processes of cultural transformation inscribed in space. The unifying theme, as well as the main goal and prospective contribution then, lies in the exploration of these developing forces and characteristics of the new cultural economy of space in the contemporary landscape(s).The primary objective of bringing together geographical perspectives from various subdisciplinary fields is to examine and discuss ways in which the complexities of this newly-emerging cultural economy of space are applied on various sorts of landscapes, i.e. urban and rural landscapes, landscapes of everyday life, landscapes of tourism and recreation, postcolonial and hybrid landscapes, landscapes of economic production, landscapes of the street and of public life, "national landscapes" and so on. The overarching question, thus, is: how do these processes work in different geographical contexts and contribute to place and landscape creation?
Family in transition : rethinking marriage, sexuality, child rearing and family organization
English summary.
Palvelumenojen muutokset lapsiperheissä 1990-luvulla = Changes in service consumption expenditures of families with children in the 1990s
A theory of fields
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
Organization change : creating new business line merging two corporation’s units into one
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
IT integration after an acquisition or a merger : how corporations could enhance their IT acquisition integration processes
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Order and change : Essays in comparative sociology
The industries of the future
Industrious cultures? : the uneasy relationship between and industrial order and a 'second modernity'
The planning of change
Against the flow : wading through eastern Europe
"Any business looking to succeed in today's and tomorrow's global, digital economy must innovate. Innovation showcases the pioneers who have broken the mould and led the pack in every field from business and technology to food, fashion, culture and healthcare. It highlights the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compunction to tell their truth; their entrepreneurial instincts; and their fierce protection of their 'brands'. Innovation draws on exclusive interviews with nearly 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field. It presents the inside track on who's done what, how they did it, what drives them on, and why innovation is so critical to individuals, businesses and to society as a whole. Most importantly, it will empower you and your business to be more innovative too"--
Understanding social change in the nineties : theoretical approaches and historiographical perspectives : V Conversaciones internacionales de historia Universidad de Navarra, Pamplona, April 22-24, 1993
In the name of Vivir Bien : indigeneity, state formation and politics in Evo Morales' Bolivia
Explorations in social change
"A guide not just for overcoming the obstacles that hold us back-but for using them for great benefit   The great Athenian orator Demosthenes was born with a crippling speech impediment and was robbed of his inheritance by cruel guardians. Samuel Zemurray was a poor roadside fruit peddler pitted against the behemoth United Fruit Company. Ulysses S. Grant found himself stuck across the Mississippi river, desperately trying to break into the impenetrable fortress of Vicksburg.  These icons and many others throughout history-from John D. Rockefeller to Amelia Earhart to Richard Wright to Steve Jobs-were often placed in nearly impossible situations that turned out to be the platforms for astounding triumphs. They were not exceptionally brilliant, lucky, or gifted. Their success in overcoming extreme obstacles was the result of a timeless set of philosophical principles that great men and women have always followed.  Now Ryan Holiday unpacks those lessons and reframes them for today's world, building on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics and a rich trove of examples. He shows us how to turn obstacles into advantages, through controlling our perceptions, swift and energetic action, and true force of will"--
This paper examines an economic union where oligopolistic firms produce by skilled and unskilled labor and do R&D by skilled labor. The planner of the union accepts new members to the union, deregulates the product market through anti-trust policy and regulates the labor market through a minimum wage for unskilled labor. Firms and workers lobby the planner for prospective policy. It is shown that in the political equilibrium small unions apply product market deregulation, but large unions labor market deregulation. When an economic union grows, it will replace regulation by deregulation in the labor market.
Action Research differs dramatically from other works on the subject. In this book, action research is more broadly conceived than it is in previous works. Many works on the subject describe the process simply as one in which a problem is identified by the practitioner, some questions are framed, data are collected from some sources, conclusions are drawn, and some action is then taken. Although these are the basic steps in action research, this approach simplifies the process to the point that it renders the project insignificant or as capable of making only minimal contributions at best. Action research, as described and explained in this book, places more faith in practitioners as professional educators who can be trained and expected to utilize elaborate, thoughtful, and significant approaches to solving problems in school settings. Hence, in Action Research attention is devoted to specific strategies and techniques that have traditionally been reserved only for the more advanced practice of educational research. Action research, then, is not merely a type of research reserved for individuals with little if any formal training in educational research. Rather, action research is a viable tool used by professional and skilled educators who incorporate a wide variety of methodologies, designs, and approaches when conducting research. This underlying assumption makes this book unique. Moreover, as will be explained later, action research is not a separate method of research (along with descriptive, historical, correlational, and evaluation research). Rather, it is a type of research that may utilize and incorporate many different methods of research. Hence, this book is also unique because it considers action research as a process that may include various methods to suit its purpose(s). This book is designed to introduce those research strategies that are likely to be used by practicing supervisors and teachers in their attempt to improve school practices on a daily basis. As such, this book might also be a valuable guidebook for conducting action research at the master's and doctoral levels.
I moved your cheese : for those who refuse to live as mice in someone else's maze
Law and social change
Hong Kong handover : predictions and consequences of changing of the sovereignty of an economic powerhouse
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
Permafrost in our time : community-based permafrost temperature archive
Fen ecosystem carbon gas dynamics in changing hydrological conditions
Baptizing Soviet children in contemporary rural narratives
Modeling dynamics of tundra plant communities on the Yamal Peninsula, Russia, in response to climate change and grazing pressure : focus on dynamics of Arctic and Sub-Arctic vegetation
Competence and employment forum : linking HRD and HRM
Europe's disappearing middle class? : evidence from the world of work
Retooling : a historian confronts technological change
Experimental phonetics and sound change
Cultural change in postwar Taiwan
The enduring challenges in public management : surviving and excelling in a changing world
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
Economic integration, lobbying by firms and workers and technological change
Changing Ireland in international comparison
Making a difference in women's lives? : case study of women's empowerment programme in Rajasthan
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
How to make strategy work for you : self-assessment work book for SME's : 36 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separetes the successful from the average
Chance favours the prepared mind : leadership, teamwork and mapping change for human resources
The transition of social life in China (Since 1978)
Twentieth-century Britain / : [edited by] Francesca Carnevali and Julie-Marie Strange
Change, intervention and consequence : an exploration of the process of intended change
The challenge of social change
Understanding organizational evolution : its impact on management and performance
Smart flexibility : moving smart and flexible working from theory to practice
Creating cultural change : strategies for success
Exploring social change : process and context
Fluvial processes and environmental change
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Vegetation changes after cessation of grazing management in the Jizerské Mountains (Czech Republic)
Little red lies
Middle class China : identity and behaviour
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!""--
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
Managing change in organizations
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
The planning of change : readings in the applied behavioral sciences
The idea of a new university : an experiment in Sussex
The structure of change : an introduction / Akseli Virtanen, Jussi Vähämäki
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
Blur : the speed of change in the connected economy
Transformation of the Finnish higher education and research : new challenges for research
Transformation of organizational structures in a multinational enterprise : the case of an enterprise resource planning system utilization
Biodiversity management with lobbying and technological change
Strategic readiness : the making of the learning organization
The aquarian conspiracy : personal and social transformation in the 1980s
The Victorians
The business and information technologies (BIT) project : a global study of business practice
A social and environmental impact assessment of the Crucitas gold mining project in Costa Rica
Change by design : how design thinking transforms organizations and inspires innovation
The dynamics of social movements : resource mobilization, social control, and tactics
In many religious traditions bodily practices, that is ritual actions that make use of the body and have a body-related goal, have evolved. Such practices are especially well developed in South- and East Asian traditions, where they have reached a great complexity in Hatha Yoga or in Daoist meditation. This shows that the human body has a major role to play in religions, which is something that is too often overlooked. Several qualities are attributed to the human body in religious thought systems that may be both positive and negative and in the ritual a framework is created that enables to transform the negative qualities into positive ones – for example, in a purification ritual the unpure body or condition is converted into a pure one. Not only singular qualities may be changed in the bodily practices but the whole body. Such a transformation of the body that aims to transcend the limits of the ordinary human body, can be a religious goal in its own right. The bodily practices of self transformation are based on the idea of the body as something unstable and changeable. In the premodern religious thought the body is more than a biological entity. It is a midpoint between a person and the society and the world that finds itself in a constant process of re-construction. It follows that the identity of a person is strongly tied to the body which is in turn related to how a person acts on a daily basis and to whom one is connected to.
Comment on Professor Ronald F. Abler's speech.
Agile by design : an implementation guide to analytic lifecycle management
Threefold harmony and societal transformation
Cold war perceptions : Romania's policy change towards the Soviet Union, 1960-1964
Drinking Molotov cocktails with Gandhi
To sell is human : the surprising truth about moving others
Product change management in high product variety environment
Urban ecosystems : response to disturbances, resilience and ecological memory
The Danish Pharmacy Act 2015 : amendments concerning community pharmacies
Fundamentals of a New Era ́s Responsive Education Institute : Case X Institute
Democracy and the arts of schooling
Emission policy in an economic union with poisson technological change
Studies in social change
The most effective communication channel to spread information in an organization
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
Acts of becoming : on the dialogic imagination of practice in organizations
Probabilistic modeling of landscape development and surface water body formation
Social change in a metropolitan community
The obstacle is the way : the ancient art of turning adversity to advantage
After me comes the flood
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
The healthy organization : a revolutionary approach to people and management
Critical discourse analysis of the United States foreign and security-political changes from President Bush to President Obama
Project manager's spotlight on change management
Breaking free : a prescription for personal and organizational change
Civil society and transitions in the Western Balkans
Essentials of organizational behavior
Managing cultural integration in cross-border acquisitions
This paper presents field-work based research on baptisms performed in the Soviet Union, especially during the Khrushchev anti-religious campaign. It focuses on the phenomenon of religion being shifted from the public to the private sphere and also addresses the tensions that arose when religion was again returned to the public sphere in the Post-Soviet period.
Communication as change management vehicle : how to improve change receptivity with organisational communications
Healing the wounds : overcoming the trauma of layoffs and revitalizing downsized organizations
State of the eUnion : government 2.0 and onwards
A stunning story of love, betrayal, and family, set against the backdrop of a changing Taiwan over the course of the twentieth century. February 28, 1947: Trapped inside the family home amid an uprising that has rocked Taipei, Dr. Tsai delivers his youngest daughter, the unnamed narrator of Green Island, just after midnight as the city is plunged into martial law. In the following weeks, as the Chinese Nationalists act to crush the opposition, Dr. Tsai becomes one of the many thousands of people dragged away from their families and thrown into prison. His return, after more than a decade, is marked by alienation from his loved ones and paranoia among his communityconflicts that loom over the growing bond he forms with his youngest daughter. Years later, this troubled past follows her to the United States, where, as a mother and a wife, she too is forced to decide between what is right and what might save her familythe same choice she witnessed her father make many years before. As the novel sweeps across six decades and two continents, the life of the narrator shadows the course of Taiwans history from the end of Japanese colonial rule to the decades under martial law and, finally, to Taiwans transformation into a democracy. But, above all, Green Island is a lush and lyrical story of a family and a nation grappling with the nuances of complicity and survival, raising the question: how far would you be willing to go for the ones you love? From the Hardcover edition.
Pragmatic adaptation in translating Skeptics vs creationists: a formal debate from English into Finnish
The acceptance of histories
Uncomfortably numb : youth and the formation of New Nepal
Active hope : how to face the mess we're in without going crazy
Global wine market in the hands of the millennials : how France lost its predominance
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Landscapes of a new cultural economy of space
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
How to be a home economics teacher
International emission policy with lobbying and technological change
Mind whispering : a new map to freedom from self-defeating emotional habits
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Psychosocial processes of health behaviour change in a lifestyle intervention : influences of gender, socioeconomic status and personality
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
Out of steppe
Change everything at once! : The Tavistock Institute's guide to developing teamwork in manufacturing
Foreign direct investment in a changing political environment : Finnish investment decisions in South Korea
Changing patterns of civilian-military relations in the Sudan
Social conditions in Britain : 1918-1939
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
The boundaries of Finland in transition
Brothers
In this paper, I consider biodiversity management in an economy where the conservation of land yields utility through biodiversity, firms improve their e±ciency through in-house R&D and local interest groups lobby the government over environmental policy. I compare three cases: Laissez-faire, the regulation of land use and subsidies to the conservation of land. The results are the following. Laissez-faire yields Pareto sub-optimal, but direct regulation Pareto optimal allocation of resources, with political contributions to the government. A shift from direct regulation to conservation subsidies decreases biodiversity and the growth rate.
Supporting service innovation via evaluation : a future oriented, systemic and multi-actor approach
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
Assessing goblet cell metaplasia and expression of peptidase inhibitor 15 in mouse prostate tissue
Relevance of scope management and organizational change management in IT deployment projects
Culture matters in Russia - and everywhere : backdrop for the Russia-Ukraine conflict
Educational studies: a second level course : Curriculum design and development. Units 5, 6, 7 and 8, The child, the school and society
Teachers' perspectives on the changes and challenges in teaching English in Finland
Recognizing and understanding revolutionary change in warfare : the sovereignty of context
That's not how we do it here! : a story about how organizations rise and fall--and can rise again
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Development and decline : the evolution of sociopolitical organization
Religion, politics, and social change in the Third World : a sourcebook
Social change in rural society : a textbook in rural sociology
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
Molecular alterations in asbestos-related lung cancer
Russian education system in transition towards democracy - future teachers' perspective
The theory of social change : four views considered
Year of yes : how to dance it out, stand in the sun and be your own person
Displacement of social policies
The concept of the body in Chinese and Indian bodily practices : transformation, perspective, and ethics
Social change and history : aspects of the Western theory of development
Abstract: Health behaviour and health among Finnish elderly, Spring 2007, with trends 1993-2007.
Organizational transformation through business process reengineering : Applying the lessons larned
The modernization of working times : flexibility and work sharing in Finland
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
Young urban Swedish : variation and change in multilingual settings
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Organizational diagnosis and assessment : bridging theory and practice
Predicting community persistence based on different methods of species ranking
A company discovers its soul : a year in the life of a transforming organization
The first decade : the Hong Kong SAR in retrospective and introspective perspectives
Three sisters
Locational changes of headquarters of multinational corporations : a theoretical study on the motives and reasons for relocating Finnish divisional headquarters abroad
China : tradition & transformation
The regional impacts of climate change : an assessment of vulnerability
Inertia and innovation
Change the way you eat : the psychology of food
Electrophysiological correlates of memory-based visual change detection in humans
!nnovation : how innovators think, act and change our world
Postcolonialism : theory, practice or process ?
Budapest 1956 : a history of the Hungarian revolution
Emission policy in an economic union with Poisson technological change
Look at more : a proven approach to innovation, growth and change
The transformation of modernity : aspects of the past, present and future of an era
Production of structural matter by a plant community in successional environment
Changes in forest landscape structure in southern Finland in the late 1900's
The grand experiment : debating shock therapy, transition theory, and the East German experience
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
"The Permafrost/Active Layer Monitoring Program is an ongoing project that builds on work begun in 2005 to establish long-term permafrost and active layer monitoring sites adjacent to schools in Alaska and in the circumpolar permafrost region (Russia, Norway, China, Mongolia, Japan, Canada and Greenland). Over three hundred schools (red dots in globe) are involved in the project. The monitoring sites collect temperature measurement data on permafrost and the length and depth of the active layer. This information is important because changes in permafrost conditions affect local ecosystems and hydrological regimes, and can influence the severity on natural disasters"--page 4 of cover.
Education and the process of change
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Integration, regulation, lobbying by firms and workers and technological change
Life strategies : doing what works, doing what matters
What makes you happy? : how small changes can lead to big improvements in your life
Contemporary Latin America : development and democracy beyond the Washington consensus
The sentinel
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Strategic Roadmap Creating Process
Finnish and Austrian wood markets in a changing environment
Terrestrial television : the next technology transition : working group Interim report
Via - vision into action : the leader's guide to driving change in turbulent times
The EFQM excellence model for entrepreneurs : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
Social and cultural change in contemporary Wales
"Social change is intrinsic to our social lives and to the study of the social sciences. The interaction of changes within different contexts - economic, political and cultural - shapes our life experience. But how exactly do we define social change, and how can we recognise its significance to contemporary life? In this critical and dynamic text, Bridgette Wessels explores social change as a process, which enables us to better understand the world we live in and how it changes over time. Through this insightful conceptual framework, the book analyses a number of key sites of social change, from personal experience and everyday life, to work and production, consumerism, communication, diversity and power formations. Introducing and placing the study of social change within its historical, theoretical and contemporary context, Exploring Social Change is a significant resource for students across the social sciences. "--
European culture and the media : changing media, changing Europe
No elephants for the Maharaja : social and political change in the princely state of Travancore (1921-1947)
Planning behaviour-driven energy efficiency interventions in a city context
Value creation and structural change during the third industrial revolution : the Swedish economy from a vertical perspective
The transition to market economy and the transition of market economy : international symposium : september 18-21, 1995
Climate change, species range shifts and uncertainty : a new era of conservation planning
"A guide to overcoming adversity by drawing on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics"--
Postcommunist transformation and the social sciences : cross-disciplinary approaches
Seeking conviviality : re-forming community diakonia in Europe
Managing change in libraries and information services
" Businesses looking to succeed in the digital, global economy must innovate to survive, and !nnovation highlights the pioneers who have broken the mold and led the pack in every field, from IT to food, fashion to healthcare. Innovation expert, Kim Chandler McDonald underlines the common denominators linking these highly creative people, such as their compulsion to tell their truth, unpalatable or not, their entrepreneurial instincts and their steadfast protection of their brands. This book offers: --understanding of innovation as a mindset rather than a process --insight on how to start thinking like an innovator and into how this can assist them with their own careers and goals --knowledge of how to cultivate innovation in their own team, department or business --personal accounts from international innovators !nnovation showcases interviews with over 100 people who have pushed aside the boundaries in their field, such as: Matt Flannery, CEO/Co-Founder of Kiva, the microfinancing organization working to alleviate poverty; author Seth Godin; Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh; Digital Royalty CEO Amy Jo Martin; and Chief Innovation Officer at the marketing agency MDC Partners, Faris Yakob. Chandler McDonald finds out what drives these successful innovators, what makes innovations take off and why innovation is so critical to individuals, economies and to society as a whole"--
Study for the Iceni Project: can staff enable change with their interventions?  : Service users’ and staff’s points of view
Changing expectations and realities of employment stability : longitudinal analysis of tenures in Finland
Making sense of change management
Schools that learn : a fifth discipline fieldbook for educators, parents, and everyone who cares about education
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
The author provides a critical audit of the great RMA debate and of some actual RMA behavior and warns against a transformation that is highly potent only in a narrow range of strategic cases. He warns that the military effectiveness of a process of revolutionary change in a "way of war" can only be judged by the test of battle, and possibly not even then, if the terms of combat are very heavily weighted in favor of the United States. On balance, the concept of revolutionary change is found to be quite useful, provided it is employed and applied with some reservations and in a manner that allows for flexibility and adaptability. The contexts of warfare, especially the political, determine how effective a transforming military establishment will be.
Social change : explorations, diagnoses, and conjuctures
Value change in global perspective
Construing transitology : a contribution to the critique of the political economy of post-socialist transition
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!"  In their iconic bestseller Our Iceberg Is Melting, John Kotter and Holger Rathgeber used a simple fable about penguins to explain the process of lead&shy;ing people through major changes. Now, ten years later, they're back with another must-read story that will help any team or organization cope with their biggest challenges and turn them into exciting opportunities.  Once upon a time a clan of meerkats lived in the Kalahari, a region in southern Africa. After years of steady growth, a drought has sharply reduced the clan's resources, and deadly vulture attacks have increased. As things keep getting worse, the har&shy;mony of the clan is shattered. The executive team quarrels about possible solutions, and sugges&shy;tions from frontline workers face a soul-crushing response: "That's not how we do it here!"  So Nadia, a bright and adventurous meerkat, hits the road in search of new ideas to help her trou&shy;bled clan. She discovers a much smaller group that operates very differently, with much more teamwork and agility. These meerkats have developed innova&shy;tive solutions to find food and evade the vultures. But not everything in this small clan is as perfect as it seems at first.  Can Nadia figure out how to combine the best of both worlds--a large, disciplined, well-managed clan and a small, informal, inspiring clan--before it's too late?   This book distills Kotter's decades of experi&shy;ence and award-winning research to reveal why organizations rise and fall, and how they can rise again in the face of adversity"--
Attitude change : a critical analysis of theoretical approaches
Spatial and temporal variability of phenological phases in Estonia
Change for the better : global change and economic development : report by a Commonwealth Group of Experts on the Impact of Global Economic and Political Change on the Development Process
New challenges and global problems in the Arctic
Various types of boundaries crisscross the Finnish territory. Aside the politicoadministrative boundaries of the Finnish state, there are technical-logistical barriers and cultural, socio-spatial, and economic divisions. The main tendency has, however, been the increasing contingency in relation to their location and stability. Some of these boundaries may overlap and therefore strengthen each other, others can hardly be mapped due to their fuzziness. This article provides an introduction to the recent changes of the boundaries of Finland.
Differentiation theory and social change : comparative and historical perspectives
Mastering change management : a practical guide to turning obstacles into opportunities
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Lithuanian shift : essays on culture, politics and society
Diagnosing and changing organizational culture : based on the competing values framework
Non-renewable resources, endogenous growth, and environmental policy
Processes and phenomena of social change
Action research : an educational leader's guide to school improvement
