http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27796 narrative psychology
narrative psychology
Narrative and stories in health care : illness, dying and bereavement
Speaking of violence : the politics and poetics of narrative dynamics in conflict resolution
" The challenge of life and literary narrative is the central and perennial mystery of how people encounter, manage, and inhabit a self and a world of their own - and others' - creations. With a nod to the eminent scholar and psychologist Jerome Bruner, Life and Narrative: The Risks and Responsibilities of Storying Experience explores the circulation of meaning between experience and the recounting of that experience to others. A variety of arguments center around the kind of relationship life and narrative share with one another. In this volume, rather than choosing to argue that this relationship is either continuous or discontinuous, editors Brian Schiff, A. Elizabeth McKim, and Sylvie Patron and their contributing authors reject the simple binary and masterfully incorporate a more nuanced approach that has more descriptive appeal and theoretical traction for readers. Exploring such diverse and fascinating topics as 'Narrative and the Law,' 'Narrative Fiction, the Short Story, and Life,' 'The Body as Biography,' and 'The Politics of Memory,' Life and Narrative features important research and perspectives from both up-and-coming researchers and prominent scholars in the field - many of which who are widely acknowledged for moving the needle forward on the study of narrative in their respective disciplines and beyond. "--
Beyond the archive : memory, narrative and the autobiographical process
"Life and Narrative examines the perennial mystery of how persons encounter, manage, and inhabit a self and a world of their own--and others'--creation and the ramifications of such creations. From literary and social science perspectives, this volume grapples with the process of how life and narrative interact"--
Narrative imagination and everyday life
How does a narrative serve as a way for uncovering and constructing a person's identity? Does a narrative differ in any systematic way from life as lived versus life as constructed by women and men? Addressing these and other issues related to the use of narratives for understanding human lives, Exploring Identity and Gender, the second volume in The Narrative Study of Lives annual book series, focuses on narratives of girls' and women's lives as well as other identity issues. Among the issues this volume addresses are individual identity in the context of a familial heritage and how one's sense of individuality relates to their style of management. The international team of authors also explores such issues as how women construct the lives of other women in biographical work, how individuals conduct their life episodes in patterns similar to the plots of stories, how the women's movement influenced three women's adult lives, and how girls' sense of themselves changes as they move into adolescence. Students and researchers will find Exploring Identity and Gender illuminating in the intelligent application of the use of narratives.
Narrative play therapy : theory and practice
Storytelling, narrative, and the thematic apperception test
Narrative and understanding persons
Exploring children's creative narratives
"In this volume, academics and researchers across disciplines including education, psychology and health studies come together to discuss personal, political and professional narratives of struggle, resilience and hope. Contributors draw from a rich body of auto-biographical research to examine the role of narrative and how it can be constructed to compose a life story, considering the roles of significant others, inspirational, educational and fictional characters, and those in myth and legend. The book discusses how personal narrative, often neglected in social and psychological enquiry, can be a valuable resource across a range of settings. Reference is made to the evolving role of narrative in education and health care, medicine and psychotherapy. This includes how particular narratives are hardwired into culture in ways that stifle personal and social understanding. Rather than providing a 'how to' guide, the book illustrates the range and power of narrative, including poetry, to re-awaken senses of self and agency in extremis. Each chapter draws on specific research, describing the context, explaining the methodology, and illuminating important findings. Discussing implications for research and practice, this book will be key reading for postgraduate and doctoral students in auto/biographical and narrative studies, and across a range of disciplines, including education, health and social care, politics, counselling and psychotherapy. It will be of interest to academics teaching research methods, and those developing biographical and auto/biographical narrative research".
Identity and story : creating self in narrative
Toward a cognitive theory of narrative acts
Patients' stories have long been used in palliative care to make sense of experiences of illness & care. This book examines the uses & interpretations of narratives & stories, bringing theory & practice closer together, & looking at how these methods can be worked with in ways that are rigorous, productive, ethical, & caring.
Back to life : how to use positive psychology to beat anorexia?
The process of becoming a top worker
Discursive perspectives in therapeutic practice
Capturing identity : quantitative and qualitative methods
The science of stories : an introduction to narrative psychology
Historical tales and national identity : an introduction to narrative social psychology
Psychoanalysis and narrative medicine
Narratives of identity and place
Living autobiographically : how we create identity in narrative
Storytelling : bewitching the modern mind
Forgiveness in the wake of severe violence : experiences of victims who engaged in facilitated victim-offender dialogue and forgave their transgressors
Theory and practice of counselling and therapy
Critical narrative analysis in psychology : a guide to practice
Rethinking narrative identity : persona and perspective
Life and narrative : the risks and responsibilities of storying experience
Narratives of enterprise : crafting entrepreneurial self-identity in a small firm
Narrative development in adolescence : creating the storied self
Introduction to counselling
Handbook of narrative inquiry : mapping a methodology
Storylines : craftartists' narratives of identity
Voices behind and beyond the label : the master narrative of ADHD (de)constructed by diagnosed children and their parents
Analysing qualitative data in psychology
Exploring identity and gender
The narrative complexity of ordinary life / : tales from the coffee shop
Constructing narratives of continuity and change : a transdisciplinary approach to researching lives
