http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27751 two-player games
two-player games
Chinese chess : internationalized version XiangQi
Summoner wars : master set
Star wars : the card game
Battles of Westeros : a battlelore game
Witches abroad
Shogi : the Japanese game of strategy
Agricola : All creatures big and small
Kaleva of Finnish forests : duel of the mythical legends : strategic game from the far North
Fuba : Tactical football game
Rum & bones
13 - thirteen
Labyrinth : The war on terror, 2001 - ?
Hive. Carbon : a game buzzing with possibilities
The N-dimensional N-person chesslike game strategy analysis model
BattleCON : Fate of Indines
Rivals for Catan : Deluxe
Call of Cthulhu LCG (Living Card Game)
Patchwork
Twilight struggle : the cold war, 1945-1989
Android netrunner : The card game
Twilight struggle : The cold war 1945-1989
Pocket battles : Celts vs. romans
The duke
The battle of five armies
Cthulhu realms
Churchill : big three struggle for peace
The Hunters : German u-boats at war, 1939-43
A combination of strategy, tactics, and absolute mindless violence, Blood Bowl is the classic game of fantasy football. 2 players act as coaches, selecting their teams from rosters of Human and Orcs and taking to the playing field to earn fame, fortune and the adulation of fans along the way!
In The duke, players move their troop tiles around the board and flip them over after each move. Each tile's side shows a different movement pattern. If you end your movement in a square occupied by an opponent's tile, you capture it. Capture your opponent's duke to win!
The lord of the rings : the card game
Issues in the theory of international tax coordination
Commands & colors : Ancients
Fields of Arle
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 2.
Rivals for Catan puts you in charge of one of the two factions developing newlysettled Catan. Use your unique card mix to create your own principality. Explore and settle new lands. Acquire resources through card play and the luck of the dice. Use gold, resource combinations, and trade to develop your domain. Expand your settlements and cities, recruit heroes, and defend your lands through politics, invention and intrigue. Use your cunning! Become Prince of Catan!
The pillars of the earth : Builders duel
Collection classique. 5 in 1 : Wooden games
Dungeon twister : the card game
Hive : a game buzzing with possibilities
Arkham Horror: The Card Game is a cooperative living card game set amid a backdrop of Lovecraftian horror. As the ancient ones seek entry to our world, one to two investigators work to unravel arcane mysteries and conspiracies. Included in this base game box is one campaign which has three scenarios.
Command & colors : Ancients allows you to re-fight epic battles of the ancient world. Here the focus is on the two rivals for power in the Western Mediterranean - Carthage and Rome. Will you, as Hannibal, triumph over larger Roman armies; or as Scipio Africanus, will you beat Hannibal with newer tactics of your own?
Battlelore. Second edition
Warhammer 40,000 : Conquest. The card game
Paths of glory : the first world war, 1914-1918
Fight For Olympus
Mr. Jack : New York
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
In The battle of five armies, one player leads the forces of Bolg, son of Azog - a powerful horde of orcs, goblins and wargs, reinforced by great bats from Mirkwood. His opponent commands the free peoples - wood-elf warriors, stout dwarves, and brave men of the Lake, united by the wisdom of Gandalf the Wizard.
Batman. Arkham City escape : the board game
Star wars : Empire vs rebellion
Blood Bowl : the game of fantasy football
Tides of time
War of the ring
Arkham horror : the card game
