http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27878 communal ownership
communal ownership
Forests for people : community rights and forest tenure reform
Sustainable forests : earthscan reference collections. Volume 3, Forests,people and livelihoods
Choice and constraint in a Swahili community : property, hierarchy, and cognatic descent on the East African coast
Polycentric governance and development : readings from the workshop in political theory and policy analysis
Biodiversity and Finnish forestry: discussion on concepts and issues
Defensive measures against hostile takeovers in the Common market : with an introduction in french
The household : informal order around the hearth
Forty days without shadow
Persistence and transformation in the Eastern Hindu Kush : a study of resource management systems in Mehlp Valley, Chitral, North Pakistan
Law's limits : the rule of law and the supply and demand of rights
It is a common concern that non-resident private forest owners are less able to make informed decisions regarding their forests. Moreover, the present guidance given by forest professionals is not reaching all owners. In this study, we suggest enhancing knowledge exchange among forest owners by increasing their mutual and informal interaction that could inspire them to co-construct new knowledge. The first objective is to identify present emerging activities that constitute knowledge exchange contexts (communities) for Finnish forest owners. The second objective is to discuss the challenges of current Finnish forest extension and their implications when introducing Communities of Practice as a complementary response to existing, yet insufficient, professional-led extension. Data consist of Finnish forest owners' and forest professionals' (n=43) focus group interviews. The qualitative analysis was theoretically oriented followed by data-driven coding and grouping. According to the results, the role of expert-led encounters is strong in Finland and owners' opportunities for good mutual communication are rare. Informal communities exist mainly in the countryside among neighbouring owners and within families. To enhance knowledge sharing among owners, one needs to identify innovative topics and activities that would inspire owners to commit to their forest property and perform active silviculture. These communities would operate as creative learning environments allowing participation of different levels. When cultivating forest owners' communities it is important to consider actors' roles. Forest owners themselves are responsible for the functions and continuity of these communities, although forest professionals could also initiate new and sufficiently homogenous reference groups for the owners.
Contested lands : land disputes in semi-arid parts of northern Tanzania : Case studies of the Loliondo and Sale divisions in the Ngorongoro district
Actors on the changing European countryside
Land and society in the Christian kingdom of Ethiopia : from the thirteenth to the twentieth century
The ecology of choice and symbol : essays in honour of Fredrik Barth
The reflexive North
Reforming forest tenure : issues, principles and process
Institutional investors as shareholders : the case of pension funds
The large corporation and contemporary classes
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. Rakentaminen, energia
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
Governance principles for concessions and contracts in public forests
Enhancing informal interaction and knowledge co-construction among forest owners
Agriculture in Egypt from pharaonic to modern times
European corporate law
Perceptions of justice in the making : rescaling of customary law in Post-Suharto Maluku, Indonesia
The social media reader
IFA Branch Report, Finland
State of the world 2008 : innovations for a sustainable economy : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Common law aboriginal title
Community-based environmental protection and natural resources management : desk-study prepared for the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland
