http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27832 mining towns
mining towns
Access all areas : a user's guide to the art of urban exploration
The midwife of Hope River
Finnish children's and youth books. 10
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Expectations of modernity : myths and meanings of urban life on the Zambian Copperbelt
Shoes for Anthony
Water fountains in the worldscape
What if you were trapped between two cultures? Life is tough in 1870s Wyoming. But it's tougher still when you're a girl who looks Chinese but speaks like an American. Orphaned as a baby and taken in by an American family, Charity Walker knows this only too well. The mounting tensions between the new Chinese immigrants and the locals in the mining town of Carter see her shunned by both communities. When Charity's one friend, Joe, leaves town, she finds herself isolated. However, in his absence, a new friendship with the only other Chinese girl in Carter makes her feel like she finally belongs somewhere. But, for a lost girl like Charity, finding a place to call home was never going to be that easy.
The lost girl
Brassed off
Copper heart
Vanishing street furniture
Spas, Wells, and Pleasure Gardens of London
Gold diggers : striking it rich in the Klondike
Former police sergeant Maria Kallio gladly left her tiny Finnish hometown of Arpikylä without looking back. But even though Maria despises the small town and the acrid smell from its now-closed copper mine, when Arpikylä's sheriff asks her to serve as deputy sheriff for the summer, she agrees. What should have been a quiet summer soon turns dramatic'and deadly. Meritta, an outspoken local artist, plunges to her death from the copper mine's tower, and Maria immediately suspects someone helped her fall. Now Maria must face the harsh truth that one of the town's residents killed Meritta, and friends Maria has known for decades all harbor their own murderous motives'even Johnny, her gorgeous former crush who almost makes her forget about her long-distance boyfriend, Antti, who is studying in Chicago. In this thrilling addition to the internationally successful Maria Kallio mystery series, the past and present of the beloved Finnish detective violently collide, leaving her future in grave danger.
Coping with closure : an international comparison of mine town experiences
Trout Stanley : a play
Johannesburg : the making and shaping of the city
