http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27833 fantasy series
fantasy series
The quest begins
A quest of heroes
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
Penny Dreadful. The complete first season
The marvelous land of Oz. [2]
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 3. kausi
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Cast in flight
Spirits in the stars
The adventures of Merlin. 2. tuotantokausi
Valtaistuinpeli : Game of thrones. 3. kausi
Unleashed
In a small southern town with a secret world hidden in plain sight, sixteen-year-old Lena, who possesses supernatural powers and faces a life-altering decision, draws away from her true love, Ethan, a mortal with frightening visions.
Firelight
Originals. the complete third season
Fire and ice
Percy Jackson and the greek heroes : Percy Jackson's greek myths
Valtaistuinpeli. 4.kausi = Game of thrones. The complete fourth season
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 1. kausi
The science of Game of Thrones
Iron's prophecy
The wicked + the divine. 1
Winx club : The power of Sirenix
Winx Club : power play
Winx Club. The complete season 3.
Island of shadows
The Vampire diaries. The complete fifth season
A march of kings
The son of Neptune
Penny dreadful. Complete second season
Raven's gate : the graphic novel
The blood of Olympus
Game of thrones. The complete fifth season
True blood. The complete sixth season
A feast of dragons
"In spite or rather because of their depiction of other worlds allegedly disconnected from our own, these texts are able to actualize political attitudes. Instead of categorizing fantasy either as conservative or progressive, the essays suggest that its generic peculiarity allows the emergence of productive forms of oscillation between these extremes"--
The Shannara chronicles
The iron daughter
Cast in flame
The iron king
Graceling
The shepherd's crown
The last wilderness
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 2. kausi
Rising storm
The Melting Sea
A dangerous path
The house of Hades
The iron warrior
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
Dorothy and the wizard in Oz. [4]
Swarms of locusts, record-breaking heat, and devastating storms ravage Gatlin as Ethan and Lena struggle to understand and control the impact of Lena's claiming, which is even causing her family members' abilities to dangerously misfire.
Ozma of Oz. [3]
Game of thrones. The complete fourth season
ScifiNow : Vantaa
Forest of secrets
Mastering The game of thrones : essays on George R. R. Martin's A Song of ice and fire / edited by Jes Battis & Susan Johnston
Once upon a time. The complete fourth season
The mark of Athena
Winx Club : magic in my heart
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 5. kausi
Winx Club. The complete original season 1.
All together now
The iron knight
The lost hero
Once upon a time. The complete second season
Assassin's creed. Templars. [Book 1]
Labyrinth
Ink and bone
The staff of Serapis
True blood. The complete seventh season
Fire in the sky
Dominion. Season one
The darkest hour
Jekyll and Hyde : series one
Harry Potter and the challenges of translation : treatment of personal names in the Finnish and German translations of the three first Harry Potter books by J. K. Rowling
The iron queen
Vampire diaries. The complete third season
Leftovers. the complete second season
Once upon a time. The complete third season
Dominion. Season two
Once upon a time. The complete first season
Whisper the dead
White Sand. Volume 1
Vanish : a firelight novel
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 4. kausi
Winx Club : the complete original season 2.
Valtaistuinpeli : Game of thrones. 4. kausi
Valtaistuinpeli : Game of thrones. 5. kausi
Inside HBO's Game of thrones
Game of scones : all men must dine
Valtaistuinpeli : Game of thrones. 2. kausi
The farseer trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Winter is coming : the medieval world of Game of thrones
The iron traitor
Tin man : the Wizard of Oz story
Elric of Melniboné
Great Bear Lake
Percy Jackson and the olympians. Books I-III, Collecting The Lightning Thief, The Sea of Monsters, and The Titans' Curse
Politics in fantasy media : essays on ideology and gender in fiction, film, television and games
The adventures of Merlin. 5. tuotantokausi
Hidden : a firelight novel
Twilight and history
Game of thrones : psychology : the mind is dark and full of terrors
Bizenghast. Issue 8
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
The adventures of Merlin. 3. tuotantokausi
Uninvited. Book 1
Saga. Volume three
The adventures of Merlin. 4. tuotantokausi
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
Vampire diaries, the complete first season
Cast in sorrow
Winter is coming : the medieval world of Game of Thrones
Into the wild
