http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2789 franchising
franchising
Franchisee selection aspects
The franchise option : how to expand your business through franchising
Franchising : Case: R-kioski franchisee satisfaction study in Jyväskylä area
Global airlines : competition in a transnational industry
"How Much Can I Make?" : actual sales and profit potential for your small business
Setting up a franchising business in Shenzhen, China : Case: The Coffee Beanery Kingglory Store
Franchising : evaluation of entrepreneurs' experiences
The internationalization through franchising : choices, learning and contract terms in the full-service restaurant industry
Study report on franchising attractiveness of Lithuanian, Latvian and Belarusian border regions
Taking up a franchise : the Daily Telegraph guide
International fashion franchise in Finland
Franchise Times® : guide to selecting, buying & owning a franchise
International franchising in emerging markets : central and Eastern Europe and Latin America
Franchisor-franchisee conflicts of interest as perceived by selected non-food franchisees
The hotel and restaurant business
Act like an owner : building an ownership culture
Choosing one's way: a co-star or a lonestar? : longitudinal study on the entrepreneurial processes of franchisees and self-employed persons in stand-alone businesses
Franchising & licensing : two ways to build your business
International business : the new realities
Creating franchised businesses through franchisee training program - empircal evidence from a a follow-up study
Principles and practices of management in the hospitality industry
Guide to taking up a franchise
Developing a business plan for a company in Finland owned by foreigners. Case: Prime Sails Ltd
Franchising as a potential growth strategy for a small enterprise
Positioning the Häagen-Dazs Ice cream Franchise in Ho Chi Minh City for selected target markets
Legal aspects of foodservice management
Hotel franchisees in Finland : case: Helsinki Metropolitan Area
How to choose a franchise
The Daily Telegraph guide to taking up a franchise
Franchising : contemporary issues and research
Selling the silver bullet : the lone ranger and transmedia brand licensing
Hospitality for sale : techniques of promoting business for hospitality establishments
Overview of Chinese chain catering market
Service franchising : a global perspective
Franchising hospitality services
The cooperation between firms in the Community : franchising
Microfranchising : creating wealth at the bottom of the pyramid
Microfinance and beyond : introducing microfranchising and social businesses
An investigation of relative overall position satisfaction and need gratification among franchised businessmen
Franchising for dummies
Restaurant finance : a handbook for successful management and operations
The present thesis research is a commissioned case study for Gymicom Ltd. The goal of the research is to gather information on suitability of the German market for the company’s brand, Gymi. The market research is focused on interviews conducted with consumers in the target market. The research is conducted by using half structured interviews for consumers. The research sample of the qualitative research was gathered at FIBO Trade Fair in Cologne. The results of the research were divided into four themes according to the focus points of the thesis: customer groups, sports culture, market readiness and competition. Based on the results, there are suitable customer groups for Gymi. However, it cannot be fully stated if the target market has enough customers, since the competition is high in the target market. The sports culture is favoring Gymi, since the parents are sharing the same values with the concept. The results indicate that franchising could be a suitable business model for the market entry. In light of the results, it cannot be yet fully stated if the commissioner should or should not enter the German market. The target market needs deeper studying on customer groups and market readiness. Other further study suggestions concern the legal environment and costs of the market entry.
Franchising as an internationalization method in emerging markets : experiences of Robert's Coffee from Turkey
Legal considerations of establishing a franchise structure : application in Finland
Franchising
EC competition law handbook : 2006/2007 edition
Franchising : practice and precedents in business format franchising
Restaurant franchising : concepts, regulations and practices
Competitive tendering of rail services
Taking up a franchise
Level of satisfaction of franchisees in the instant print business in San Diego, California
The Role of Brand Personality in Franchise Business : A Comparative Study of Starbucks & Robert’s Coffee
Taking up a franchise : how to buy a franchise and make a success of it
Global expansion is a huge trend in the hotel industry. To most giant hotel operators, China means opportunity. With the rapid growth of the country's economic and increases in business travel and domestic tourism, the recent focus is shifting toward the mid-scale and economy hotel sectors which are largely dominated by individual and/or state owned hotels. This leads to the fact that it may offer variable standards and lack the consistency of service and facilities that travelers expect from a global brand.  Franchising provides the opportunity to expand a business quickly across the world with low-risk for the franchisor. In return, the franchisee has the local knowledge and acquires a successful business formula including the brand name, marketing strategy and plan, operating manuals and standards, quality control, and a continuous process of training, assistance, and guidance. A strong brand is associated with a good image, consistency in terms of its quality product and service, and a high level of market recognition. In other words, a strong brand name contributes a great deal in the international hotel franchising.   This study aims to assess the fast growing economy hotel sector in China and discover how international hotel chains have successfully developed in the highly competitive marketplace and maintained their long established brand image as well as ensuring the consistent delivery of a brand's standard in a disparate environment.  The objectives of the study are to conduct literature review in relation to the research topic and to develop a framework for the research, also to develop and justify the methodology used for data collection, and finally to analyse the data obtained as well as to demonstrate findings and present conclusions.  A qualitative methodology was employed in this research with focusing on a single-case study. A face-to-face interview was conducted with the top executive of the selected company, Day Inn (China) - the largest brand of the world's largest lodging franchisor the Cendant Hotel Group, and is of one of the fastest growing international mid-scale hotel chains in China.  The interview was coded and later transcribed into texts and analyzed in conjunction with the documents collected from the company in observing and supporting the findings.  The research has discovered that in executing franchising strategy, a master franchise agreement works well in a developing country like China.  A master licensee with strong professional and cultural background who is based in the target market, acting as an intermediary between franchisor and the franchisees, plays an important role. Furthermore, in controlling and maintaining the brand image and its standards to be in consistent with the chain, an adequate amendment on facilities, service and maintenance standards are necessary in adapting to the local market condition and customer needs. In addition, staff training, technical assistance and quality assurance inspections are regarded as vital tasks for both franchisor and the franchisees to follow.
Franchising : pathway to wealth creation
Microfranchising
OVERVIEW OF CHINESE CHAIN CATERING MARKET
Understanding hospitality law
Internationalization of knowledge-intensive business service franchise to Great Britain : case study: Finnish Company Acquisition Ltd
Franchising : a case-study approach
Microfranchising : comparative case studies from Africa
The growing retail business
Franchising 101 : the complete guide to evaluating, buying and growing your franchise business
Financing private enterprises and trade : a guide for the transition economies
The law of antitrust : an integrated handbook
Franchising for free : owning your own business without investing own cash
The franchisor-franchisee relationship is a unique relationship that differs greatly from a normal buyer-seller business relationship. This thesis aims at creating an education framework for commissioner, which it can use in its education of its franchisees. For this thesis I consulted with the employees of the parent company, created a questionnaire for selected franchisees and took a look at the theory on the subject. In this thesis I will show why following the set of norms and regulations set by the franchisor is beneficial and what are the possible issues which should be considered so that the problems within the franchisee populous can be avoided. I will use examples of the case company and all the data collected is from the commissioner, and thus some parts may not be applicable for any other franchise organization than the commissioner. As a result and key finding of this thesis I have created a framework suggested to be the base of the commissioner’s global education framework. The framework draws from three different sources of inspiration, the theory presented, a questionnaire and discussions with the directors of the company during my internship at the commissioner’s head office.
This paper is based on a marketing research of a recruitment agency named Talentor Oy, which is headquartered in Helsinki. Talentor Oy is a consulting agency specializing in Recruitment and Human Resource Management services and Internet-based Recruitment and HR solutions. Three countries are Switzerland, Austria and Czech Republic，selected to be the research areas. This research deploys the franchisee selection process theories to the research questions. The author intends to find out how many recruitment agencies are suitable as the franchisee of Talentor Oy in the targeted countries and what aspects will affect the franchisee selection. The collected data is used to investigate these two questions by analyzing, willingness to learn, previous self-employment and previous line experiences and willingness to join the franchising network. Since the geographic issues, the interviews are conducted via telephone calls. There are 35 sample companies which are chosen from each of the three targeted markets. The research analysis suggests that there are many factors which could affect the success of a new franchise unit. The franchisee is one of the most import aspects. In order to select a proper franchisee, a franchisor should develop a sustainable franchisee selection process. It is not enough that the franchisee only has strong financial reserves, but also the personalities, the chemistry between the franchisee and franchisor, and previous related working experiences also should be taken into consideration.
International business expansion through franchising: the case of fast-food industry
Brand standards control in international hotel franchising : case: Days Inn China
Finnish market entry planning of franchising Kungfu catering
The things that really matter about buying a franchise
The new economics of fast food
Franchising relationship in international retail business
Franchising : case McDonalds
Marketing strategies for coffee franchise industry in TianJin China - analysis of "85°C Bakery Cafe"
The long-term contract : contract law and contracting
The blueprint for franchising a business
Franchising & licensing : two powerful ways to grow your business in any economy
Marketing channels
Management and selection of franchisees in a franchise system : case: Kiinteistömaailma
Franchise bible : how to buy a franchise or franchise your own business
The guide to franchising
The aim of this study is to search further franchising relationship between the franchisor and  the franchisee and see what changes have occurred in franchisee's operations since hotel joined a chain. Research topics include subjects discussed on existing literature e.g. quality in hospitality  and satisfaction of the franchisee with the chosen franchisor, how does a franchisee experience  the franchise relationship, what are the pros and cons and are they coherent with the theory and finally how do franchisees see the future of franchising and marketing cooperation in Finnish  hotel industry.   This study uses case studies to clarify how franchisees representing different chains experience  the franchising relationship and benefits of cooperation in Finland. Data is gathered through thematic interviews and analysis is based on same themes.   Results showed that in these three cases the franchisees were very content with their marketing cooperation. Further there were no significant differences between representatives of marketing cooperation- or franchised chains.
Marketing communication solution in brand building process : case company: Huacheng Auto Car Trade Group
The corporate paradox : power and control in the business franchise
Franchising and the law : theoretical and comparative approaches in Europe and the United Nations = Das Recht des Franchising : konzeptionelle, rechtsvergleichende und europarechtliche Analysen
Service quality and customer lifetime value in professional sport franchises
Fast-food operations and their management
Competition policy and vertical restraints : Franchising agreements
Distribution agreements and the competition rules of the EEC and the EEA
Small business and entrepreneurship : volume II
The regulation of franchising in the new global economy
Successful franchising
Franchising in the German market : on the suitability of the case study Gymicom Ltd
Human resource consulting market in Moscow : case: Talentor Group
Research in marketing : a research annual : distribution cmannels and institutions. Vol. 8
Franchising in Europe
International operations
Assessment of growth strategies for Datanator Ltd
Hospitality branding
Franchise contracting and organization
Essays on franchising in Finland : empirical findings on franchisors and franchisees, and their relationships
Guide to a successful franchise business
Centrally Owned and Operated Units in Franchising : The Significance of Context and Monitoring Costs
The Franchising Handbook : the complete guide to choosing a franchise
Street smart franchising
Bringing Whittard of Chelsea business concept to Finnish market by using franchising entry mode
Internationalization of Finnish companies through franchising : theoretical review and case study of Rautakija's kiosk operations
Lead the category
Franchising as a Potential Growth Strategy for a Small Business : A Case of Sam-Chi Fast Food Restaurant
The everything guide to network marketing : a step-by-step plan for multilevel marketing success
Inward internationalization in the finnish fashion market : a study of Mango
The effects of American contract law on Finnish contract law : a comparative study of franchising
Eddie Rocket's Franchise : setting up a franchise restaurant in Helsinki
Hotel investments handbook : 2000
Franchising : practise and precedents in business format franchising
The determinants of international franchising
The comparison and analysis of motor vehicle distribution contracts
Increasing brand compliance through the creation of an education system for franchise entrepreneurs
Franchise organizations
Franchising guide
Entrepreneur magazine's ultimate book of franchises : from the franchise experts at Entrepreneur magazine
International expansion motives and methods : Australian franchise companies
Starting and managing a small restaurant
Franchising : opportunity for a small business entrepreneur
Principles and practice of management in the hospitality industry
Evaluation of Franchising Business Model to Solar Energy Market in Vietnam
Time to make the donuts
Commercial agency and distribution agreements : law and practice in the member states of the European Community and the European Free Trade Association
Franchise agreements within the European Community
Franchising : the inside story : how to start your own business and succeed!
Establishing business in Canada - with emphasis on finding opportunities through franchising in hospitality trade
