http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27881 burqas
burqas
Child Migration in Africa
Structures of social life : the four elementary forms of human relations : communal sharing, authority ranking, equality matching, market pricing
The cinema of small nations
Bambara mystic soul : the raw sound of Burkina Faso 1974-1979
Health, nutrition and population : Burkina Faso, Mozambique, Yemen : evaluation 1995 - 1999
Emerging Africa
Democracy in Burkina Faso : assessment mission report Dialogue for Democratic Development
Transcultural modernities : narrating Africa in Europe
Dr Schildkrout probes questions of ethnicity, religion, cultural change and the African national identity in this study of the immigrant community of Kumasi, Ghana's second largest city. She compares first- and second-generation immigrants - those born in their rural homelands, and those born in Ghana - in terms of their orientation to politics, to kinship, and to community participation. The author explores the meaning of ethnic identity for rural- and urban-born immigrants, and establishes certain generalizations about ethnicity based on these comparisons. The book discusses the issues of migration, particularly interregional migration; the position of the 'stranger'; questions of cultural change in modern Africa; the 'generational gap' in the African context; the questions of citizenship and national identity in Africa today, and the emergence of new identities, regional, national and religious. This book has importance not only as a local case study that gives a full description of West African urban life, but also as a theoretical reconsideration of ethnicity that has application outside the African context.
The influence of organizational culture on the use of routine health information in decision making within government health services in rural Burkina Faso
Foreign aid in Africa : learning from country experiences
Contribution of the clean development mechanism to sustainable energy production : the energy sector in the West African Economic and Monetary Union - case study: Benin, Burkina Faso, Niger and Togo
Navigating youth, generating adulthood : social becoming in an African context
Burkina Faso : unsteady statehood in West Africa
Efforts to build statistical capacity in the developing world have often failed to produce the expected increases in information use in management and planning. The ways in which culture influences evidence-informed and results-oriented decision making in organizations in low- and middle-income countries are not well understood. In this explorative study, a sample of health managers working in the public sector in a rural district in Burkina Faso was interviewed to elucidate the relationships between cultural dimensions at the organizational level, organizational practices, and the use of routine health information in decision making. Based on the results, a conceptual framework for these relationships is proposed, and strategies are suggested for overcoming cultural constraints to information use.
Copyright law symposium : Nathan Burkan memorial competition sponsored by the American society of composers, authors and publishers. 17.
Women in parliament : beyond numbers
Benin : economics, politics and society
Natural resource inventory by remote sensing - the Baporo Forest in Central Burkina Faso : a minor field study
African perspectives in development : voices from the South
Bonds and boundaries in Northern Ghana and Southern Burkina Faso
Religious elites in the development arena : Les elites religieuses dans l'arene du developpement
African percussion : the djembe
Democracy in black Africa : survival and revival
Institutional issues in natural resources management : papers from the researcher training course held at Hotel Strandparken, Holbæk, 16 to 20 November 1992
Monitoring and evaluation at the sector level : experiences from Joint Sector Reviews in the education sectors of Burkina Faso, Mali and Niger
Gender in Finnish bilateral forestry sector development co-operation : a case study of a Bush Fire Management Project in Burkina Faso
Agroclimatology of West Africa: Burkina Faso
Twilight institutions : public authority and local politics in Africa
Economic policies and agricultural performance : the case of Burkina Faso
Radically simple
Along the way
Copyright law symposium : Nathan Burkan memorial competition sponsored by the American society of composers, authors and publishers. 16.
Forest governance and climate change adaptation : case studies of four African countries
Copyright law symposium. 7, Nathan Burkan memorial competition sponsored by the American society of composers, authors and publishers
Urban climate and air pollution in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso
Encoding motion case studies from Africa : in memory of Ursula Drolc
Birds of Western & Central Africa
Enhancing crop-livestock systems in Conservation Agriculture for sustainable production intensification : a farmer discovery process going to scale in Burkina Faso
Personhood and agency : the experience of self and other in African cultures : papers presented at a Symposium on African Folk Models and Their Application, held at Uppsala University, August 23-30, 1987
"Constraints faced by smallholders--be they women or men--in accessing markets and improving their revenues are well known and easy to enumerate. Finding workable solutions to these constraints remain a challenge. The situation is very similar in many developing countries, particularly in Africa. A major obstacle to achieving agricultural development and inclusive value chains is the lack of effective and self-reliant producer organizations. In West and Central Africa, most farmer organizations are structurally weak, lack good governance and the endogenous capacity to be self-reliant and sustainably deliver the economic services required by their members. In most cases, these organizations remain too dependent on external support that often lacks safeguards to ensure long term sustainability"--FAO website.
GAIN methodology : diagnosis and design of change processes within producer organizations
Multilingual Education and Sustainable Diversity Work : From Periphery to Center
Deforestation and forest degradation in southern Burkina Faso : understanding the drivers of change and options for revegetation
Birds of Western Africa
People of the Zongo : The Transformation of Ethnic Identities in Ghana
Desertification in northern Burkina Faso and central Tunisia : inferred from vegetation cover changes, land degradation indicators and local knowledge
Between peace and justice : dispute settlement between Karaboro agriculturalists and Fulbe agro-pastoralists in Burkina Faso
Copyright law symposium : Nathan Burkan memorial competition sponsored by the American society of composers, authors and publishers. 22.
Virulence variety and hybrid strains of diarrheagenic Escherichia coli in Finland and Burkina Faso
Field guide to the birds of Western Africa
Understanding Poverty in Africa? : a navigation through disputed concepts, data and terrains
Teach a woman to fish : overcoming poverty around the globe
"Over 20 years ago, concerned development agencies began working with farmers' groups in Burkina Faso and Kenya using a new, participatory approach - promoting simple, appropriate measures. In the early 1990s, two videos, 'Looking after our Land' and 'Building on Traditions' recorded these new approaches. More People, More Trees goes back to the same communities, and same development workers in these two countries, and documents what has altered 20 years later. The film shows spectacular changes: most obviously more trees planted and protected by the people themselves, aided and encouraged by continuing community participation in agricultural change in these two sub-Saharan African countries. The ... book expounds upon the powerful messages in the film and describes the technologies employed by the communities, provides hard data to support their testimonies, and looks at the current challenges of sustainable land management in the context of climate change. The film, in English and French, is aimed at a broad audience including farmers. The book and film package will also inform development policy makers, agricultural extension workers, NGO workers, students and the wider development community about a notable achievement in participatory agricultural development"--Container.
Hustling is not stealing : stories of an African bar girl
Contemporary West African states
Summary: 253-259.
Relevance relations in discourse : a study with special reference to Sissala
Productivity of woody vegetation in savanna woodlands in Burkina Faso
Peoples of West Africa
Land of the flying masks : art and culture in Burkina Faso : the Thomas G. B. Wheelock Collection
First find your child a good mother : the construction of self in two American communities
Clonal propagation of Detarium microcarpum from root cuttings
Diaspora at home? : wartime mobilities in the Burkina Faso-Côte d'Ivoire transnational space
Behind the lines of stone : the social impact of a soil and water conservation project in the Sahel
State recognition and democratization in Sub-Saharan Africa : a new dawn for traditional authorities?
Competition for and conservation of water and nutrients in agroforestry systems in semi-arid West Africa
West Africa
Exchange is not robbery : more stories of an African bar girl
Tourism in the least developed countries
Assessing and monitoring forest governance : a user's guide to a diagnostic tool
Woven beauty : the art of West African textiles
The best interests of the child : reconciling culture and human rights
Of water and the spirit : ritual, magic, and initiation in the life of an African shaman
Applied theatre : bewilderment and beyond
Strategic communication in development cooperation : case study of evaluating the communication strategy of a Finnish-Burkinabé development project "Fire management on rural lands"
