http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2784 muscles
muscles
Biomechanics and energetics of muscular exercise
Composition and cross-sectional area of muscle fibre types in relation to daily gain and lean and fat content of carcass in Landrace and Yorkshire pigs
Is it all about the price? : reasons for the small market shares of organic meat and meat products in Austria
A randomised complete block design was used to study the effects on animal performance of (1) the increasing level of supplementary concentrate with grass silage (GS), and (2) feeding GS and concentrates separately or as a total mixed ration (TMR). A feeding experiment comprised 32 dairy bulls with average initial live weight of 145 kg. The feeding treatments were: (1) GS (660 g kg-1 dry matter intake) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered separately, (2) GS (660) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered as TMR, (3) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered separately, and (4) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered as TMR. During the experiment (398 days) the bulls were fed ad libitum either GS or TMR. The increasing concentrate level increased energy intake, carcass gain and dressing proportion of the bulls but had no effects on carcass conformation or fat score. TMR feeding had no effects on carcass gain, dressing proportion, carcass conformation or fat score but increased dry matter and energy intake compared to the separate feeding.
Effects of muscle action type on corticospinal excitability and triceps surae muscle-tendon mechanics
Muscle mechanics
Exercise boichemistry
Effects of resistance training frequency on muscle strength, activity and mass during a 24-week intervention in the elderly
Efficient livestock handling : the practical application of animal welfare and behavioral science
The muscular and integumentary systems
Sarcolemmal excitability after eccentric exercise in man
Studies on muscle metabolism of glycogen and active phosphate in man with special reference to exercise and diet
Convict conditioning : how to bust free of all weakness - using the lost secrets of supreme survival strength
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
The effect of ageing and physical activity level on muscle fatigue during isometric contraction of knee extensor muscles
Rethinking osteopathic practice. Book 2, Tissues & techniques
Stretching anatomy
The IGF-IGFBP system in aerobic exercise : with focus on skeletal muscle
Muscle mechanics during human movement revealed by in vivo measurements of tendon force and muscle length
The Usborne complete book of the human body
Biomechanics and motor control : defining central concepts
Muscle and meat biochemistry
The objective of the experiment was to study the performance, carcass traits and meat quality of purebred Aberdeen Angus (Ab) and Limousin (Li) bulls and Ab×Li crossbred bulls offered grass silage-grain-based rations and raised to heavy carcass weights. The experiment included eight bulls in all breed groups. The average slaughter age for all breeds was 540 days and the mean carcass weights for the Ab, Ab×Li and Li bulls were 391, 399 and 439 kg, respectively. Significant breed differences in carcass traits and meat quality were observed. The Limousin bulls tended to achieve a higher conformation score, produced less fat and had a higher percentage of valuable cuts compared with the Aberdeen Angus bulls. The crossbred Ab×Li bulls produced better conformed carcasses and a higher share of the rounds compared to the pure Ab bulls which indicate that this type of crossbreeding can enhance beef production under the studied conditions.
Atlas of physiology of the muscular fascia
The relationship between stretching and physical performance in middle-aged adults : a cross-sectional study
Muscle strength testing : instrumented and non-instrumented systems
Principles of physiology : a scientific foundation of physiotherapy
The effect of concentrate level and concentrate composition on the  performance of growing dairy heifers reared and finished for beef  production
Meat quality traits for Holstein-Friesian (HF), Norwegian Red × Holstein-Friesian (NR) and Jersey × Holstein-Friesian (JE) cattle reared to slaughter as two genders (bulls and steers) and 2 slaughter weights (570 kg and 640 kg) were compared. Adipose tissue from JE was more yellow (p<0.05) than HF or NR which were similar. There was no difference between breeds and no breed-related interactions for chemical composition, cook loss or instrumental tenderness of longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle (LT). When adjusted for differences in lipid concentration, LT from NR-sired animals tended to be less red (p=0.058) and LT from JE-sired animals had a lower hue (p<0.05). Substitution of NR or JE for HF sires in the dairy herd will not have important effects on LT characteristics in the production systems examined but the more yellow carcasses from JE-sired cattle may limit their suitability for markets with a carcass fat colour specification.
Strength and conditioning : a concise introduction
Engineering the alpha : a real world guide to an unreal life
Living with muscular dystrophy : illness experience, activities of daily living, coping, quantity of life and rehabilitation
Assembly of the cardiac I-band region of titin/connectin : expression of the cardiac-specific regions and their structural relation to the elastic segments
Liikkumisvaikeuksia ennustavat puristusvoiman raja-arvot : predicting 11-year incidence of mobility and adl limitations and mortality with suggested hand-grip strength cut-points in older adults
The 20-minute body : 20 minutes, 20 days, 20 inches
THE MARKET POTENTIAL OF SINO-FINLAND TRADING: EXPORTING FINNISH PORK TO HUBEI CHINA
Muscular analysis of everyday activities
Analysis of the Pork Market in China and its Opportunities
Ther ex notes : clinical pocket guide
Effects of maturation and physical activity on muscle mass and strength in prepubertal girls during two-year follow-up
Anatomy of the horse : a pictorial approach
Effects of ageing on Achilles tendon properties and triceps surae muscle architecture in vivo
The structure and function of muscle. Vol. 2, Biochemistry and physiology
Meat science and applications
Beef today
Optimal inter-stimulus interval for interpolated twitch technique when using double pulse stimulation
Trail guide to the body : a hands-on guide to locating muscles, bones and more
The respiratory muscles and the mechanics of breathing
Psychophysiology of flow experience : an explorative study
The art of drawing anatomy
Meat export competitiveness of European Union countries on global markets
The Stark reality of stretching  : an informed approach for all activities and every sport
Body by science : a research-based program for strength training, body building and complete fitness in 12 minutes a week
The pilates manual
Functional anatomy for sport and exercise
A single subject design of the effects of hydrotherapy on the upper limb function in two children with spastic tetraplegic cerebral palsy
Skeletal muscle in health and disease : a textbook of muscle physiology
Optimal muscle training
Anatomy and physiology of farm animals
The effects of pig breed (Large White and Landrace) in combination with muscle type (M. semimembranosus and M. longissimus dorsi) on T45min, T24h, pH45min, pH24h, colour (CIEL*a*b* values), water-holding capacity (filter paper press method: ratio of the area of pressed meat film - M and the wet area on the filter paper - T; M/T value) and moisture, protein, total fat and total ash content were investigated. Interaction effect between breed and muscle was not found (p>0.05) for any parameter. The T45min, T24h, pH45min, and M/T value were influenced by the muscle, whereas T24h was also influenced by the breed. The pH45min was higher (p<0.01) and water-holding capacity was better (p<0.001) in M. semimembranosus muscle than in M. longissimus dorsi muscle. Based on the criteria for CIEL* and M/T values, pork meat was classified into seven technological quality classes. The percentages of pale and exudative, reddish-pink and exudative, and reddish-pink and non-exudative pork were 23.5, 26.5, and 27.7%, respectively. Composition was in the characteristic range for modern lean pigs.
Intramyocellular topography of lipid droplets and OXPAT in obesity and type II diabetes
Alteration of regulatory enzyme activities in fast-twitch and slow-twitch muscles and muscle fibres in low-intensity endurance-trained rats
Assessment of physical activity in normal daily life using shorts with embedded EMG electrodes
The body sculpting bible for women : featuring the 14-day body sculpting workout
The concise book of yoga anatomy : an illustrated guide to the science of motion
The effect of different body positions and of water immersion on the mechanical characteristics of passive skeletal muscle
Myostatin and related proteins on the control of skeletal muscle mass and capillary density
Essentials abs : an intensive 6-week program
Myology : basic and clinical. Vol. 2
Fundamentals of children's anatomy and physiology : a textbook for nursing and healthcare students
Abstract: Changes in adolescent lumbar spine mobility and muscle strength and tension over a 1-year span.
Myology : basic and clinical. Vol. 1
Lihaluujauho kauran lannoitteena : teurastamoteollisuuden sivutuote lannoitteeksi = Meat and bone meal as fertilizer for oats : from slaughter house waste to fertilizer
Bodybuilding anatomy
Combinatorial and independent effects of exercise and myostatin/activin blocking on muscle gene expression profiling
The weight training handbook
The percussionists' guide to injury treatment and prevention : the answer guide for drummers in pain
The human body book
Acute changes in muscle activation and leg extension performance after different running exercises in elite long distance runners
Understanding muscles : a practical guide to muscle function
Body by science : a research-based program for strength training, body building, and complete fitness in 12 minutes a week
Gene expressions of SREBP-2, PPARδ, MYH7 and blood lipid changes induced by stretch-shortening cycle exercise
Colour of subcutaneous adipose tissue and colour and tenderness of the longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle from Holstein-Friesian, Norwegian RedxHolstein-Friesian and JerseyxHolstein-Friesian cattle slaughtered at two live weights as bulls or steers
Journal of musculoskeletal pain
Stretching therapy : for sport and manual therapies
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
LL Cool J's platinum 360 diet and lifestyle : a full-circle guide to developing your mind, body, and soul
Power to the people! : Russian strength training secrets for every American
Consumer selection of vegetarian food in restaurants
Stretch reflex modulation during exercise and fatigue
Diagnosis and treatment of movement impairment syndromes
The effects of muscle history on short latency stretch response of Soleus muscle
Kinesiology taping for rehab and injury prevention : an easy, at-home guide for overcoming common strains, pains and conditions
Effects of combined different day endurance and strength training on cardiorespiratory and neuromuscular performance in untrained men and women
The complete guide to functional training
Performance, meat quality and litter quality were determined in 4000 male and female Ross 308 broilers fed on starter diet (soybean meal or rapeseed meal and peas) and grower-finisher diets based on either soybean meal (control) or substituting rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal and pea in different proportions (100/0%, 75/25% or 50/50%) for soybean meal in iso-nitrogenous basis. Performance of the birds fed with soybean meal diets was superior compared to that of the birds fed with rapeseed meal and pea based diets. Bird performance was the poorest and mortality the highest for the birds fed with the rapeseed meal grower diet. In this experiment birds did not reach performance target for the age and strain of bird. Overall, diet based solely on rapeseed meal protein is not suitable for broiler production. However, dietary rapeseed meal inclusion clearly improved fatty acid profile of breast meat. The omega-6/omega-3-ratio was 4.1, 2.4 and 2.7 for soybean meal, rapeseed meal, and rapeseed meal and peas based diets, respectively. There were no differences in sensory quality evaluation of breast meat between the treatments..
Adhesion and biomechanics in regenerating skeletal muscle
Physiological responses to daily repeated prolonged walking
Anatomy of exercise for women
Tyldesley & Grieve's muscles, nerves and movement in human occupation
Diastasis recti : the whole-body solution to abdominal weakness and separation
Core muscle activity in OLKI Control exercise system and in three conventional abdominal exercises : a pilot study
Kinesiology : muscle testing & energy balancing for health & well-being
Bovine muscle glycogen concentration in relation to diet, slaughter and ultimate beef quality
The structure and function of muscle. Vol. 3, Pharmacology and disease
The purpose of this research is to provide insight into the export competitiveness of meat products of the European Union (EU-27) member states on global markets. The revealed comparative advantage index is used to analyze the levels, compositions, and evolutions in patterns of development in the export competitiveness of meat products and their levels of stability at the product level. Except for some niche meat products, a larger number of the EU-27 member states have experienced comparative disadvantages on global markets over the analysed years of 2000 to 2011. The revealed comparative advantages on the global markets are the most robust for Ireland, Spain, the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Denmark, Poland, Cyprus and Hungary. The revealed comparative advantage indices and their survival rates differ across the meat product groups. The heterogeneity in export competitiveness of the EU-27 member states suggests the importance of the differentiation of meat products in competitive export specialization on global markets.
An attempt to enhance neurogenesis of mdx mice via aerobic exercise and myostatin inhibition
Effects of dietary rapeseed meal and peas on the performance and meat quality of broilers
PNF in practice : an illustrated guide
Advanced neuromuscular exercise physiology
Expression of lactate transporters MCT1, MCT2, MCT4 and the ancillary protein CD147 in horse muscle and red blood cells
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
Symposium on physical performance and muscle metabolism Kuopio 12-14, march 1976 : abstracts
Technological quality and composition of the M. semimembranosus and M. longissimus dorsi from Large White and Landrace Pigs
Sodium reduction in cooked meat products by using commercial potassium phoshate mixtures
Effects of post-workout supplements and resistance training on serum metabolome, muscle strength and muscle hypertrophy
Body by you : the you are your own gym guide to total fitness for women
Current methods in muscle physiology : advantages, problems, and limitations
You are your instrument : the definitive musician's guide to practice and performance
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
Muscle water content and serum creatine kinase activity in exercise-induced damage
Intervention study measuring thickness of the Transversus abdominis muscle in young adults with sub-acute low back pain by Ultrasound Imaging
Electrotherapy explained : principles and practice
Muscle development of livestock animals : physiology, genetics, and meat quality
Musculoskeletal anatomy coloring book
Muscle : fundamental biology and mechanisms of disease
Mild eccentric stretch injury in skeletal muscle causes transient effects on tensile load and cell proliferation
Energy cost of individual lower leg muscles in walking : comparison between young and elderly men at different walking speeds
Multi-step beef ration optimisation : application of linear and weighted goal programming with a penalty function
Muscle testing : Techniques of manual examination
Power-type strength training in middle-aged men and women
How stress influences musculoskeletal disorders : 9th Physiatric Summer School, 21.8. - 22.8.2008
Methods for measuring physical workload with relevance for musculoskeletal disorders of neck and upper limb
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Holstein-Friesian (Hol) and Hol×beef breed crossbred bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 87323 purebred Hol, 783 Hol×Aberdeen angus (Hol×Ab), 621 Hol×Blonde d'Aquitaine (Hol×Ba), 562 Hol×Charolais (Hol×Ch), 349 Hol×Hereford (Hol×Hf), 1691 Hol×Limousin (Hol×Li) and 570 Hol×Simmental (Hol×Si) bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected and included observations of 8806 purebred Hol, 57 Hol×Ab, 29 Hol×Ba, 22 Hol×Ch, 15 Hol×Hf, 111 Hol×Li and 58 Hol×Si bulls. Crossbreeding Hol cows with late maturing breeds (Ba, Ch, Li, Si) had favorable effects on carcass gain, conformation and proportion of high value joints of the progeny when compared to purebred Hol bulls. No advantages in proportion of valuable cuttings seemed to be obtained by crossbreeding with Ab or Hf breeds, while the improvements in gain and conformation were intermediate compared to the late maturing crossbreds.
The human achievement chapter
Anatomy of exercise
Effect of breed on production, carcass traits and meat quality of Aberdeen Angus, Limousin and Aberdeen Angus×Limousin bulls offered a grass silage-grain-based diet
Adenovirus and baculovirus mediated proangiogenic gene therapy in skeletal muscle and uterine artery : safety aspects in peripheral arterial disease and fetal growth restriction therapy
Stabilization strategies of the lumbar spine in vivo
Microsporidian phylogeny : a molecular approach
Marketing Suggestions for Sichuan Hai Dilao Catering Company, China
Energy metabolism of human muscle
The complete guide to abdominal training
Inactivity is an independent health risk : objectively measured muscle activity and inactivity during normal daily life of ordinary people
Back extensor muscle fatigability and postural control in people with low back pain
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
The effects of a 5-day hydrotherapy period on the upper limb muscle tone and function of a child with spastic cerebral palsy
Abstract.
Changes in adolescent lumbar spine mobility and muscle strength and tension over a 1-year span
Energy expenditure and muscle activity in active and passive commute among elderly
Anatomy of the moving body : a basic course in bones, muscles, and joints
Genetics of skeletal muscle characteristics and maximal walking speed among older female twins
The regulation of skeletal and cardiac muscle blood flow in humans : studies by positron emission tomography with special reference to exercise, adenosine and nitric oxide
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
Properties of muscle fibers in traditionally fed and unsaturated-fat-fed pigs
Disorders of voluntary muscle
Neuromuscular adaptations to single-session combined strength and endurance training in untrained men : an examination of the order effect
Difference between myosin light and heavy chain isoforms patterns in fast - and slow-twitch skeletal muscle: effect of endurance training
Induced pluripotent stem cell-derived disease model for catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia
Muscle strength
Structural, functional and metabolic aspects of shortening and lengthening muscle contractions
Motor unit activation and force production during eccentric, concentric and isometric actions
Journal of muscle research and cell motility
The strength training anatomy workout II
Non-invasive measurement of human cervical muscles : an ultrasonographic and muscle strength test study
The objectives of this experiment with Hereford (Hf) and Charolais (Ch) bulls offered grass silage-based diets were to determine the effects on performance, carcass traits and meat quality of the proportion of concentrate in the diet, and the inclusion of rapeseed meal (RSM) in the barley-based concentrate. The two concentrate proportions were 200 and 500 g kg-1 dry matter, fed without or with RSM. The Ch bulls tended to achieve higher gain, produced less fat, had a higher percentage of meat from high-priced joints and had a lower degree of marbling in their meat compared to the Hf bulls. Dry matter and energy intakes, growth performance and carcass conformation improved with increasing concentrate level. Intake parameters and conformation improved more with the Ch bulls than with the Hf bulls as a consequence of increased concentrate allowance. RSM had only limited effects on the performance, carcass traits or meat quality.
Strength training anatomy
Abstract: Open versus closed kinetic chain exercises in subjects with patellofemoral pain.
The literature review dealt with the principles and methods for the evaluation of the quality of raw meat and meat product in different aspects. The factors influencing the quality of meat products were also involved. A new type of muscular dystrophy in broiler Musculus pectoralis, wooden breast, has been found in broilers. The dystrophy results in fibrinogenesis and thus local hardening in the muscle, but poses no health risk in human consumption. The aim of the study was to explore the maximal percentage of wooden breast that can be used in the meat products without causing a perceived quality defect. In the preliminary tests, wooden breast was incorporated with normal meat in different percentages to make sausage and chicken nuggets. Different methods of comminuting were also applied in the processing of wooden breast. The quality of the products was evaluated through the measuring in different aspects. Comparison was made between normal products and products containing wooden breast, so that a maximal addition percentage of wooden breast was obtained. The results of the preliminary test were later verified in the pilot plant. The addition of wooden breast increased the shear force and binding strength of the sausage and finely chopped chicken nuggets but resulted little change on the shear force and binding strength of the ground chicken nuggets. The pH, redness, and yellowness of all types of products declined with the wooden breast treatment. Lightness of the products was increased by wooden breast. Through the verification in the pilot plant, sausage and two types of chicken nuggets allow the addition of wooden breast to replace at least 15% and 30% of the lean meat in the recipe, respectively. Due to the low incidence of the dystrophy, that high additions will not be necessary in the practice.
Nature of life : a study on muscle
The dancer : physical effort, muscle fibre types, and energy intake and expenditure
Effects of supplementary concentrate level and separate or total mixed ration feeding on performance of growing dairy bulls
Neuromuscular fatigue : proceedings of the symposium, Amsterdam, 9-11 April 1992
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Effects of a 5-day bed rest on muscle size, T2-relaxation and neuromuscular function
Ethics of animal use
Go inside exercises, stretches, and workouts to see how muscles interact with surrounding joints and skeletal structures, and how variations, progressions, and sequencing can affect muscle recruitment, the underlying structures, and ultimately the results.
Muscle metabolic responses to maximal exercise in Standardbred trotters and effects of creatine and bicarbonate administration
First encyclopedia of the human body
Fascicle-tendon interaction in v2 skate cross-country skiing : a case study
Cram's introduction to surface electromyography
Open versus closed kinetic chain exercises in subjects with patellofemoral pain
Relationship of breast fillet deboning time to shear force, pH, cooking loss and color in broilers stunned by high electrical current
Physical function and biomechanics of gait in obese adults after weight loss
The skeleton and muscular system
Chemistry of muscular contraction
Cardio-respiratory and neuromuscular responses to motocross race
Muscles in action : an approach to manual muscle testing
Fascicle length changes of the vastus lateralis muscle during an explosive knee extension movement : comparison of two different types of variable resistance machines
My Pilates guru : your ultimate Pilates instructor
The anatomy of stretching
Muscle length assessment : an adjunct to Prof. Janda's muscle imbalance workshops
Effects of chemotherapy and blocking activin receptor signaling on skeletal muscle size, oxidative capacity and function
Introduction to the neurologic examination
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 2
Insights into skeletal muscles of nestin deficient mice
Optimization of cardiomyocyte differentiation of human pluripotent stem cells
Effects of concentrate level and rapeseed meal supplementation on performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and valuable cuts of Hereford and Charolais bulls offered grass silage-barley-based rations
A comparison of purebred Holstein-Friesian and Holstein-Friesian × beef breed bulls for beef production and carcass traits
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Movement : functional movement systems : screening, assessment, and corrective strategies
In this work was evaluated the effect of lactic acid treatment method in pork Serratus ventralis muscle on meat quality parameters pH, color, weight loss, cooking loss, hardness, and taste.  The treatment was performed by immersing the sample in lactic acid solutions at two concentrations (1 and 3% v v⁻¹) for 1 and 3 min., immediately the samples were stored at 4 °C during 7 days. The taste was evaluated employing trained and untrained judges.  Only hardness, weight loss and cooking loss, were affected by lactic acid concentration (p<0.05). The perception of lactic acid taste to trained judges was higher in samples of major concentration and immersion time. To untrained judges the sample treated with 3% lactic acid for 1 minute, had the best acceptation. Both judges reported that the taste of meat was delicious. Therefore, lactic acid treatment may be an alternative to extend pork shelf life.
Two levels of MCT1 and CD147 expression in the equine red blood cells and muscle
Stretch-reflex adaptation in man : interaction between load, fatigue and muscle stiffnes. Janne Avela
Individual and combinatory effects of voluntary wheel running and sActRIIB-Fc administration on redox-balance in mdx mice
Acute incremental endurance performance and explosive strength training period : muscle activity, acid-base balance and hormonal responses
Effect of lactic acid on the meat quality properties and the taste of pork Serratus ventralis muscle
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
This new title in the Encyclopaedia of Sports Medicine Series from the Medical Commission of the International Olympic Committee presents in one volume the latest information on neuromuscular function in sport and exercise. Chapters combine basic mechanistic knowledge with true applications; Topics covered include neuromuscular fatigue, neuromuscular training, and musculoskeletal loading, and special chapters examine recently developed research methodologies used during natural locomotion: high speed ultrasonography (US) and transmagnetic electrical stimulation (TMES). An important addition to the reference collections of biomechanists, sports medicine specialists, sport scientists, and graduate students in these areas, this volume is also appropriate for advanced level coaches and sport physiotherapists.
The Core Strenght Workout : get flat abs and a healthy back: pilates, yoga, exercise ball
Studies on the influence of dietary methyl linoleate on swine tissue lipids with special referenc to nutrional muscular and liver dystrophy
The effect of nutrition on physiological responses of resistance training in muscle and blood in young men
Muscle testing : techniques of manual examination
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
Your body. 4, Muscles and movement
Trigger point self-care manual : for pain-free movement
The aim of this paper is to present the method and tool for optimisation of beef-fattening diets. Changes in policy environment and changes in costs of feed pose challenges for farm efficiency. We construct a spreadsheet from two modules based on mathematical deterministic programming techniques. In order to obtain an estimate of the magnitude of costs that may be incurred, the first module utilizes a linear program for least-cost ration formulation. The resulting value is then targeted as a cost goal in the second module. This is supported by weighted goal programming with a penalty function system. The approach presented here is an example of how a combination of mathematical programming techniques might be applied to prepare a user-friendly tool for "optimal" ration formulations. We report results that confirm this approach as useful, since one is able to formulate a least-cost ration without risking a decrease in the ration's nutritive value or affecting the balance between nutrients.
Electromyographic activity, force and anaerobic energy production in sprint running : with special reference to different constant speeds ranging from submaximal to supramaximal
Muscle co-activation and ground reaction forces during stair walking in old and young women
Neuromuscular adaptation of conscripts during an 8-week military basic training period in Finnish winter conditions
The utilization of poultry breast muscle of different quality classes
Simple relaxation : the Mitchell method of physiological relaxation for easing tension
Speeding up the course of the neuromuscular block
Neuromuscular aspects of sport performance
