http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27868 oral tradition
oral tradition
Spoken and written language : exploring orality and literacy
"And other neighborly names" : social process and cultural image in Texas folklore
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
Storytelling in northern Zambia : theory, method, practice and other necessary fictions
Literary folkloristics and the personal narrative
Oral tradition in Judaism : the case of the Mishnah
Living aboriginal history of Victoria : stories in the oral tradition
Native American oral traditions : collaboration and interpretation
Oral history and digital humanities : voice, access, and engagement
Oral-formulaic theory : a folklore casebook
Seers, saints and sinners : the oral tradition of Upper Egypt
Beauty and the beast : visions and revisions of an old tale
Re-evaluating oral poetry : research on the composers ́ field
Talking tools : faces of aboriginal oral tradition in contemporary society
Eochair, a king's son in Ireland = Eochair, Mac Rí in Éirinn
Sijobang : sung narrative poetry of West Sumatra
Abstract.
The pre-literate stage of religious tradition
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
Love and lamentation in Greek oral poetry
Comment : : literary fairy tales and the types of international folktales (AA, AT,  ATU)
Oral tradition and the Internet : navigating pathways
Stories that make the world : oral literature of the Indian peoples of the Inland Northwest
Showing signs of violence : the cultural politics of a twentieth-century headhunting ritual
Cultures of the indigenous : India and beyond
Oral tradition
Authenticity, Dracula tourism and the folklore process
Study of present day folk poetry
Comment : reflections on oral and literary relations in the fairy tale
When roots die : endangered traditions on the Sea Islands
Hikâye : Turkish folk romance as performance art
The folklore of Maijvandar's mystics
Select papers presented at the international conference "De-territorialising Diversities: Literatures, Languages and Cultures of the Indigenous"; organised by Department of English, Maharaja Agrasen College; in February 2013.
Bibliography of Slavic folk literature
Till doomsday in the afternoon : the folklore of a family of Scots travellers, the Stewarts of Blairgowrie
[The study of oral tradition and the South Slavs : a symposium, 6-9 July 1987 to mark the bicentenary of Vuk Stefanovic Karadžic]
Oral literature in Africa
Przywoływki dyngusowe na Kujawach = The tradition of callings accompanied by water dousing on Easter Monday in Kujawy
Lore : an introduction to the science of folklore and literature
Improvisational poetry from the Basque country
Degrees of well-formedness : the formula principle in the analysis of oral-poetic meters
The singing from the headwaters : song and tradition in the headhunting rituals of an upland Sulawesi community
The sky is my tipi
The catalogue of folklore and mythology contains ca. 50,000 abstracts of oral texts from all over the  world. The distribution of  2,000 cosmological and etiological motifs, adventure and trickster episodes is systematically checked across almost 1,000 traditions. The database was developed as a tool for the research of prehistoric migrations and cultural interactions. The present article introduces and illustrates its potential for research..
Tradition and innovation in folk literature
The ballad as narrative : studies in the ballad traditions of England, Scotland, Germany and Denmark
Oral art forms and their passage into writing
Structuring spaces : oral poetics and architecture in early medieval England
Oral canon formation in a Bengali religious community
Introduction / Douglas A. Boyd and Mary A. Larson. Part I. Orality/aurality. Oral history in the age of digital possibilities / William Schneider. Why do we call it oral history? : refocusing on orality/aurality in the digital age / Sherna Berger Gluck. Adventures in sound : aural history, the digital revolution, and the making of " 'I can almost see the lights of home' : a field trip to Harlan County Kentucky" / Charles Hardy III. "I just want to click on it to listen" : oral history archives, orality and usability / Douglas A. Boyd. Part II. Discovery and discourse. Beyond the transcript : oral history as pedagogy / Marjorie McLellan. Notes from the field : digital history and oral history / Gerald Zahavi. Densho : the Japanese American Legacy Project / Tom Ikeda. Deconstruction without destruction : creating metadata for oral history in a digital world / Elinor Mazé. "We all begin with a story" : discovery and discourse in the digital realm / Mary A. Larson. Part III. Oral history and digital humanities perspectives. Swimming in the exaflood : oral history as information in the digital age / Stephen Sloan. [O]ral [h]istory and the [d]igital [h]umanities" / Dean Rehberger.
Folktales and storytellers of Iran : culture, ethnos and identity
A history of folktale collections in India and Pakistan
”It is storytelling like in the old days when I narrate" : ”nostalgia and authenticity in contemporary oral storytelling in Denmark"
Thick corpus and organic variation : an introduction
The ballad and the folk
Folk narratives of the Spice Islands of Pemba and Zanzibar
Malaysian shadow play and music : continuity and oral tradition
Dialogies in rhyme : the performative contexts of Cretan mantinádes
Genre, structure and reproduction in oral literature
Oral-formulaic theory and research : an introduction and annotated bibliography
A dictionary of oral literature
Pre-Columbian literatures of Mexico
The oral epic : performance and music
Berinareu : the religious epic of the Tirurais
Folklore : the intangible cultural heritage of SAARC region. Volume 1
The winged serpent : an anthology of American Indian prose and poetry
Reading the voice : native American oral poetry on the page
The legacy of Dell Hymes : ethnopoetics, narrative inequality, and voice
American myths, legends, and tall tales : an encyclopedia of American folklore
Ethnopoetry : form, content, function
Oral literature & performance in southern Africa
Jarigan : Muslim epic songs of Bangladesh
How to read a folktale : the Ibonia epic from Madagascar
The trolls in Bárðar saga - playing with the conventions of oral texts?
Gaelic oral poetry in Scotland : its nature, collection and dissemination
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
Memory and manuscript : oral tradition and written transmission in rabbinic Judaism and early Christianity
Folklore and mythology catalogue : its lay-out and potential for research
Performing community : essays on Ugandan oral culture
De-territorialising diversities : literatures of the indigenous and marginalised
Latter-day lore : Mormon folklore studies
From memory to history : using oral sources in local historical research
The eternal storyteller : oral literature in modern China
Seminar-workshop report - repetition with a twist : Parallelism in verbal art and performance : 26th-27th May 2014, Helsinki, Finland
Oral epics from Africa : vibrant voices from a vast continent
Epics along the Silk Roads
Epics along the silk roads
Scandinavian folk legends and Icelandic sagas
Bengali and Japanese folk rhymes - a comparative study in oral tradition
Registers of oral poetry
Count Claros : study of a ballad tradition
The Kalevala received : from printed text to oral performance
Depth research
Distinguishing continuities : textual entities, extra-textual entities and conceptual schemas
Management and loss of narrative knowledge in the 'Guided Islands and Conducted Lands' (East Indonesia and East Timor)
The voice of the past : oral history
Myth in Africa : a study of its aesthetic and cultural relevance
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
Cattle breed; shillings don't : the belated incorporation of the abaKuria into modern Kenya
The heroic ballads of Russia
Dimensions of time in folk narrative
The role of shamanism in Korean society in its inter- and intra-cultural contacts
Folklore : the intangible cultural heritage of SAARC region. Volume 2
In the time of cannibals : the word music of South Africa's Basotho migrants
On traditional register in oral poetry
Summary in English.
Charms, prayers, amulets : verbal magic and daily life in medieval and early modern Bulgaria
The singer of tales in performance
Window in the skies : indigenous memory, resistance and experience of Eurasia and the onslaught of resource extraction in the Arctic
Generic models, entextualization and creativity : epic tradition on the Southern Cook Islands
Vaccinations and public concern in history : legend, rumor, and risk perception
Word, sound, image : the life of the Tamil text
The rulings of the night : an ethnography of Nepalese shaman oral texts
A sociological study of folklore : projected research in Kuru region : Saharanpur, Muzaffarnagar, Meerut, Bulandshahar and Bijnor districts of Western Uttar Pradesh
The African past speaks : essays on oral tradition and history
Studies in English and Scandinavian folklore : selected articles from Folklore presented to the author for her 80th birthday
