http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27807 suspensions (chemistry)
suspensions (chemistry)
Cable supported bridges : concept and design
This book challenges the practice of exclusion by uncovering its roots in 19th century social and educational policy targeting poor children. Revealing a hidden history of exclusion, this analysis exposes the connections between the state, the education system and social policy, and opens a space for radical alternatives.
Shop manual for automotive suspension & steering systems
Automotive steering, suspension, and alignment
Suspension geometry and computation
Plant fibres are an important part of modern daily life. The most obvious consumer products manufactured from them are paper, cardboard and the fibreboards used in the construction and furniture industries. Plants producing a woody stem are the most widely used raw materials for these fibre products but fibres originating from other plants, i.e. non-wood fibres, are used too. One of the most promising potential non-wood fibre resource categories is that of grasses, of which the cereals are the most important plants grown worldwide. A huge amount of straw is generated as an agricultural by-product annually, but the amount used as an industrial raw material is low because it contains components that are detrimental either to processability or to product quality.The purpose of pulp fractionation is to divide pulp into fractions with distinct properties. Industrially feasible fractionation methods are pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation. In pressure screening, separation is based on a mechanical barrier and particles are fractionated according to their dimensions, while a hydrocyclone fractionates particles according to their density and specific surface area and flotation fractionates particles according to their surface chemistry. These methods are traditionally used for removing impurities from pulp but numerous reports on pulp fractionation can also be found. Previous fractionation experiments were performed using wood-based pulps, whereas no previous studies are available concerning the fractionation of pulps manufactured using grasses.The aim of the present work was to determine whether it is possible to fractionate wheat straw pulp by methods that are feasible on an industrial scale. The experimental part was concerned with wheat straw pulp fractionation by pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation.The results show that all these fractionation methods were able to divide the wheat straw pulp into fractions with different cell properties and cell types, e.g. distinct cell lengths, cell wall thicknesses or surface chemistries. Likewise, fractionation can be used to remove detrimental components or to optimize pulp properties according to their end use or to optimize pulp processing sequences. Due to the uniform structure of grasses, it is likely that the results can be generalized to other grasses than that employed here.
Book reviews & review articles
Car suspension and handling
Active magnetic bearings and self-bearing motors : modeling and nonlinear control
Design of a steerable and liftable axle for a semi-trailer : Palms 1522
High-performance handling handbook for street or track
Mapping the extent of exclusions, and showing what factors can lead to children being excluded from school, the authors show how teachers and schools can make a difference to young people's emotional and social development.
Abstract.
Floc size distribution measurements in stagnant fibre suspension
How to make your car handle
Not a problem? : girls and school exclusion
Girls and exclusion : rethinking the agenda
Alternatives to exclusion from school
Magnetic and electric suspensions
Simulations of the structure and rheology of wet webs
Discrete analysis of single-pylon suspension bridges
Studies on wheat straw pulp fractionation : fractionation tendency of cells in pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation
The improvement of full vehicle semi-active suspension through kinematical model
Inequality, poverty, education ; a political economy of school exclusion
Neuromuscular effects related to hind limb disuse : experimental studies in the rat
Stress ribbon and cable-supported pedestrian bridges
Classroom manual for automotive suspension & steering systems
Racing chassis and suspension design : PT-90
