http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27839 programme formats
programme formats
Smarty is a templating engine for PHP. This book is a comprehensive guide to the various aspects of using Smarty. It helps you to: install and configure Smarty on your Web server; understand how Smarty affects your web site architecture, and build site foundations that make the most of what Smarty offers; and more.bSmarty is a templating engine for PHP. Designers who are used to working with HTML files can work with Smarty templates, which are HTML files with simple tags while programmers work with the underlying PHP code. The Smarty engine brings the code and templates together. The result of all this is that designers can concentrate on designing, programmers can concentrate on programming, and they don't need to get in each others way so much. Even if you are developing a site on your own, Smarty is a powerful way to make your code clearer to you and others, as well as easier to debug and modify later. This book is a comprehensive guide to all aspects of using Smarty.
Adapting Idols : authenticity, identity and performance in a global television format
The Sage handbook of television studies
Big Brother international : formats, critics and publics
Understanding the global TV format
Television across Asia : television industries, programme formats and globalization
Facilitating international TV-format sales : an action plan : Filmaattiset Oy
TV formats worldwide : localising global programs
Global television formats : understanding television across borders
Television studies after TV : understanding television in the post-broadcast era
High-definition DVD handbook : producing for HD DVD and Blu-Ray disc
Beyond powerful radio : a communicator's guide to the internet age : news, talk, information & personality for broadcasting, podcasting, internet, radio
Sell your tv show ideas : an outsider's guide to getting inside the tv format industry
Programming HD DVD and Blu-ray disc : the HD cookbook
Smarty : PHP template programming and applications : a step-by-step guide to building PHP web sites and applications using the Smarty templating engine
Restyling factual TV : the reception of news, documentary, and reality genres
High definition postproduction : editing and delivering HD video
Copycat television : globalisation, program formats and cultural identity
The politics of reality television : global perspectives
The aim of this thesis was to create an action plan in order to help Filmaattiset Oy succeed on global markets to sell its products, which are TV-formats and TV-programs. Filmaattiset has been domestic player till recent years, but the idea of this thesis was to create several ideas for facilitating international TV-format sales. With fresh ideas the company might be able to expand their revenue base abroad too. Methods used were interviews, business books and author's subjective views and development ideas. Some strategy tools were used in order to conduct analytical conclusions. Results were concrete and feasible. They range from brand building to innovative ways of TV-format creation and improved sales strategies on global markets. Some of the results have a direct effect to increase sales and some have indirect effect, which may not be measurable. First Filmaattiset must give more profound focus on its brand entity, second TV-formats should and can be created better and finally global sales can be planned and executed better.
