http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27804 seed potato
seed potato
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
Contract production as a method to reduce welfare loss caused by market uncertainty of seed potato
Seed potato systems in Ecuador : a case study
Potatoes postharvest
Seed potato systems in the Philippines : a case study
Viruses of potatoes and seed-potato production
The physiology of vegetable crops
Potato developments in a changing Europe
Impact of selenium enrichment on seed potato tubers
Seed potato systems in developed countries: Canada, the Netherlands and Great Britain
Seed potatoes : UN/ECE standard S-1
Potato health management
The effect of storage ageing and spring sprouting of seed tubers on the yield of three potato varieties in the Finnish Lapland : Research Note
Factors affecting infection and detection of the soilborne Potato mop-top virus
New and old pathogens of potato in changing climate : proceedings of the EAPR Pathology Section seminar, 2.-6th of July 2007, Hattula, Finland
Virus and virus-like diseases of potatoes and production of seed-potatoes
Seasonal variation in fruit consumption and seed dispersal by canopy frugivorous bats in lowland mature and successional forests of Peru
The potato : botany, production and uses
EAPR2011 : abstracts : the 18thTtriennial Conference of the European Association for Potato Research, July 24-29, 2011 Oulu,Finland
True potato seed : past and present uses
Effect of applying nitrogen fertilizer to a potato seed crop on the susceptibility of the daughter plants to Erwinia carotovora subsp. atroseptica
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (<em>Solanum tuberosum L.</em>) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
Most pathogens on potato have been imported into Finland via contaminated seed more than hundred years ago. The history of migration and the consequences for potato production of potato wart, blackleg and soft rot, Potato mop-top virus (PMTV) and its vector powdery scab are reviewed as examples of economically important and biologically different potato pathogens. Potato wart spread alarmingly during 1920-1960. Plant quarantine acts and the use of resistant cultivars were successful in eradicating the disease. The pathogens causing blackleg and soft rot increased rapidly in 1960-1970. Development of seed certification schemes after the end of the 1970s decreased disease incidence and made the disease insignificant other than for seed potato production. Introduction of new strains of blackleg bacteria in 2003 caused the disease again to become a considerable threat to potato production. PMTV was imported into Finland in the 1970s where it spread rapidly, especially in starch potato production. Currently it is common in all potato production except that of seed potato. The disease cannot be eradicated but contamination of clean fields can be prevented. New diseases can spread to Finland in future but population changes of existing pathogens have recently caused more problems than species completely new to Finland.
Seed potato technology
Stability of potato meristem clones : Nordic-Estonian co-operation on seed potato production
Examples of alien pathogens in Finnish potato production - their introduction, establishment and consequences
Managing the potato production system
True potato seed based potato production technology for the Sudan
