http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27859 silverware
silverware
Modern silver throughout the world 1880-1967
European and American snuff boxes : 1970-1830
Decorative art : 70s
World antiques
Gold and silver articles = Ûvelirnye izdeliâ iz zolota i serebra
A comprehensive and fully illustrated study of silver vessels from ancient Macedonia from the 4th to the 2nd centuries BC. Eleni Zimi demonstrates that these vessels, recovered from the tombs of their owners, were status symbols, reflecting the taste for luxury in the Macedonian court from the reign of Philip II onwards.
A closer look at antiques
Taivaan poika : Kiinan viimeisen dynastian taideaarteita 4 . 6 . - 22 . 8 . 1999 = The son of heaven = treasures of the last dynasty of China
Summary. - Resümee. - Kopsavilkums. - Sammanfattning. - Yhteenveto. - Rezûme.
Means of exchange : dealing with silver in the Viking Age
Antique silver : the new compact study guide and identifier
Antiques clinic : a collector's guide to diagnosing damage, the possibilities of restoration, and care for the future
Wealth of the Roman world : AD 300-700
Understanding antique silver plate
Antiques at a glance : silver
Precious metal clay : 25 gorgeous  designs for jewellery and gifts
The corrosion and conservation of metallic antiquities and works of arts
The elements of design : the development of design and stylistic elements from the Renaissance to the postmodern era
Silver wonders from the East : filigree of the tsars
Decorative art : 50s
A guide to collecting silver
Antiques at a Glance Silver : Silver
Ûvelirnye izdeliâ iz zolota i serebra = Gold and silver articles
Decorative art : 60s
Encyclopedia of antiques
Contemporary silver, made in Italy
The world's greatest treasures : masterworks in gold and gems from ancient Egypt to Cartier
Gifts to the tsars, 1500-1700 : treasures from the Kremlin
Tension and tradition : a study of Late Iron Age spearheads around the Baltic Sea
Čarka 1613-1917 : russkaâ čarka : vo vremena Romanovyh = Čarka 1613-1917 : the Russian charka : the silver vodka cup of the Romanov era = Čarka 1613-1917 : venäläinen tšarkka : hopeinen votkakuppi Rovanovien ajalta
Corrosion and conservation of cultural heritage metallic artefacts
The Hoen hoard : a Viking gold treasure of the ninth century
Tone Vigeland : jewellery + sculpture : movements in silver
Antique silver and silver collecting
Collector's guide to buying antique silver
The illustrated history of antiques : The ess.
Patterns and sources of Zuni kachinas
Treasures from the Kremlin
500 metal vessels : contemporary explorations of containment
The Victorian catalogue of household goods : a complete compendium of over five thousand items to furnish and decorate the Victorian home
The Little, Brown guide to silver
Fountain pens : the illustrated identifier to over 130 pens
Gold, silver & bronze : from Mughal India
Contemporary silver : commissioning, designing, collecting
Late Roman silver : the Traprain treasure in context
The Viking-age gold and silver of Scotland (AD 850-1100)
Miller's 100 years of the decorative arts : victoriana, arts & crafts, art noveau & art deco
CATALOGUE OF SCANDINAVIAN AND BALTIC SILVER
Carl Fabergé : goldsmith to the Imperial court of Russia
Silver : A practical guide to collecting silverware and identifying Hallmarks
Gems : the world's greatest treasures and their stories
Tibet : a culture in transition
The elements of archaeological conservation
The Bulfinch illustrated encyclopedia of antiques
The modern spirit : glass from Finland
Golden moments : artefacts of precious metals as products of luxury consumption in Finland c. 1200-1600.. 1, Text
The splendour of power : early medieval kingship and the use of gold and silver in the southern North Sea area (5th to 7th century AD)
Treasures : 300 best excavated antiques from China
Golden moments : artefacts of precious metals as products of luxury consumption in Finland c. 1200-1600.. 2, Catalogue
Argintǎria : laicǎ si religioasǎ în tǎrile române (sec. XIV-XIX) : Lay and liturgical silver from the Romanian principalities (14th-19th centuries)
Late classical and Hellenistic silver plate from Macedonia
Hopeaa Suomen kansallismuseon kokoelmissa = Silver in the collections of the National Museum of Finland
The Connoisseur complete encyclopedia of antiques
Precious metal clay
The world of antiques
Court jeweler to the tsars
Mustache cups : timeless Victorian treasures
Tyra Borg : hopeakokoelma : silversamling : silver collection
The history of silver
The gilding book : techniques, designs and inspirations using gold, silver and metal leaf
Fabergé : Court Jeweler to the Tsars
Metalwork and enamelling : a practical treatise on gold and silversmiths' work and their allied crafts
Silver : An illustrated guide to collecting silver
Refurbishing antiques
Treasures from the Kremlin : an exhibition from the State Museums of the Moscow Kremlin
Russkoe serebro XIV-natšala XX veka iz fondov Gosudarstvennyh muzejev Moskovkogo Kremlja : albom = Russian silver of the fourteenth to early twentieth centuries from the Moscow Kremlin reserves
Jewellery and metalwork in the museums of Georgia
