http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27800 afro dance
afro dance
Dancing wisdom : embodied knowledge in Haitian Vodou, Cuban Yoruba, and Bahian Candomblé
Black dance : from 1619 to today
Nu Yorica roots! : The rise of Latin music in New York City in the 1960s
Ahora
Cuban fire : the story of salsa and Latin jazz
Salsa! : the rhythm of Latin music
Bembe conversations
Afro-caribbean & Brazilian rhythms for the bass
Jazz dance : the story of American vernacular dance
How to play Latin American instruments
Fania DJ Series :  Gilles Peterson / [compiled by] Gilles Peterson
Salsa : musical heartbeat of Latin America
Salsa! : Havana heat: Bronx beat
Digging the Africanist presence in American performance : dance and other contexts
American allegory : Lindy hop and the racial imagination
Brazilian rhythms on the keyboard
Rituals in an unstable world : contingency, hybridity, embodiment
African-American concert dance : the Harlem Renaissance and beyond
Jookin' : the rise of social dance formations in African-American culture
Swinging the machine : modernity, technology, and African American culture between the World Wars
Raising Cain : blackface performance from Jim Crow to hip hop / W.T. Lhamon Jr.
Dancing revelations : Alvin Ailey's embodiment of African American culture
Christopher Norton's essential guide to Latin styles for keyboard
Top percussion ; Dance mania
Katherine Dunham : pioneer of Black dance
An endeavor by Harlem dancers to achieve equality : the recognition of the Harlem-based African-American jazz dance between 1921 and 1943
Rap a tap tap : here's Bojangles - think of that!
After Africa : extracts from British travel accounts and journals of the seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth centuries concerning the slaves, their manners, and customs in the British West Indies
Urban Bush Women : twenty years of African American dance theater, community engagement, and working it out
Dancing many drums : excavations in African American dance
African-American traditions in song, sermon, tale and dance, 1600s-1920 : an annotated bibliography of literature, collections and artworks
Mambo with Tjader
Essential styles for the drummer and bassist : 1 : a cross section of styles as played by todayś top artists
The Latin real book : the best contemporary & classic, salsa, Brazilian music, Latin jazz. C version
Discourse in ethnomusicology. 2, A tribute to Alan P. Merriam
United we swing
Essential styles for the drummer and bassist. Book two : A cross section of styles as played by today's top artists
The black tradition in American dance
The black dancing body : a geography from coon to cool
