http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27879 white matter
white matter
Recognition of individuals at highest risk for psychosis is challenging and no definitive biomarkers are yet available. Physical illnesses associated with a sedentary lifestyle are common in patients with severe mental illness. Both, bodyweight and risk for psychosis are associated with brain white matter (WM) abnormalities. There are several dysregulated pathways which are common in psychiatric illnesses and weight-related processes, but it is not known how weight and vulnerability for psychosis interact in the brain. The present study examines brain WM microstructure and its association to body mass index (BMI) in young adults with a familial risk for psychosis (FR). In addition, the level of physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness in individuals vulnerable to psychosis was examined.Participants of the present study are members of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986. Two separate clinical substudies were conducted. The first having been done when the participants were at age 15–16. At that time, physical activity was defined by postal questionnaire (n=6,987) and cardiorespiratory fitness was measured by a submaximal cycle ergometer test (n=4,803). Risk for psychosis was viewed from three perspectives, with possible overlap between groups: having familial risk for psychosis, existing prodromal symptoms at age 15–16, and development of hospital treated psychosis between the ages of 16 and 20 years. The latter substudy was conducted when the participants were aged between 20 and 25 years. Diffusion tensor imaging was performed on 108 participants. Our study showed that there was no difference in WM microstructure between FR and control groups suggesting that WM abnormalities are not a genetic feature for risk of psychosis in all populations. However, the association between BMI and WM microstructure differed significantly between the FR and control groups.We also demonstrated that the level of physical activity was lower before the onset of psychotic illness. Therefore, these results imply that it would be of great importance to consider weight and physical activity levels in subjects at risk for psychosis, in order to avoid the detrimental effects of a sedentary lifestyle on overall health.
Brain white matter structure, body mass index and physical activity in individuals at risk for psychosis : the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 Study
Brain white matter structure, body mass index and physical activity in individuals at risk for psychosis:the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 Study
Diffusion tensor imaging as a diagnostic and research tool : a study on preterm infants
Imaging studies in the mouse model of progressive myoclonus epilepsy of Unverricht-Lundborg type, EPM1
Variable agreement between visual rating scales for white matter hyperintensities on MRI : comparison of 13 rating scales in a poststroke cohort
The association between growth and neurodevelopment in very preterm infants : a follow-up study in the PIPARI study
