http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27874 cultivation tests
cultivation tests
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
"Although respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) has been a high priority for vaccine development for over 50 years now, still no vaccine is available and none has yet demonstrated sufficient promise to move to licensure. The success of RSV immune prophylaxis and the availability of ever more powerful tools to study the immune response and pathogenesis of disease, combined with the ability to construct a wide variety of vaccines using different vaccine platforms, give us grounds to believe that an RSV vaccine is within reach. This book brings together in one source what is currently known about the virus: its clinical and epidemiologic features; the host response and pathogenesis of the disease; vaccines, vaccine platforms, and treatment; and animal and tissue culture models of RSV infection. It is designed to organize the critical information relevant to RSV vaccine development, facilitate the assimilation of data, and speed progress toward producing a safe and effective vaccine." -- (Back Cover)
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Since the publication of the sixth edition of this benchmark text, numerous advances in the field have been made - particularly in stem cells, 3D culture, scale-up, STR profiling, and culture of specialized cells. "Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition" is the updated version of this benchmark text, addressing these recent developments in the field as well as the basic skills and protocols.     This eagerly awaited edition reviews the increasing diversity of the applications of cell culture and the proliferation of specialized techniques, and provides an introduction to new subtopics in mini-reviews. New features also include a new chapter on cell line authentication with a review of the major issues and appropriate protocols including DNA profiling and barcoding, as well as some new specialized protocols. Because of the continuing expansion of cell culture, and to keep the bulk of the book to a reasonable size, some specialized protocols are presented as supplementary material online. "Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition" provides the most accessible and comprehensive introduction available to the culture and experimental manipulation of animal cells. This text is an indispensable resource for those in or entering the field, including academic research scientists, clinical and biopharmaceutical researchers, undergraduate and graduate students, cell and molecular biology and genetics lab managers, trainees and technicians.
Atlas : kizilńiki Cotoneaster (Medic.) Bauhin = Atlas : cotoneasters Cotoneaster (Medic.) Bauhin = Atlas : kizilńiki Cotoneaster (Medic.) Bauhin
Leaf macronutrient composition in relation to growth and yield potential of currants
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
Abstract: Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1998-2005.
Field trials manual for multipurpose tree species
Abstract: Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1997-2004.
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Study of the phytoestrogen content of goat's rue (Galega orientalis), alfalfa (Medicago sativa) and white clover (Trifolium repens)
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2002-2009 = Results of official variety trials 2002-2009
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2005-2012 = Results of official variety trials 2005-2012
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2006-2013 = Results of official variety trials 2006-2013
Microbiology : a laboratory manual
Testing the use of an analytical and mechanistic C3 - biomass accumulation model for precision fertilization
Production and characterization of somatic hybrids between Solanum tuberosum L. and S. brevidens phil
Results from irrigated species and provenance trials in Bura, Kenya
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1998-2005 = Results of official variety trials 1998-2005
A neighbour model applied to the statistical analysis of Swedish variety trials
Culture of animal cells : a manual of basic technique and specialized applications
Vegetative propagation of conifers for enhancing landscaping and tree breeding : proceedings of the Nordic meeting held in September 10th-11th 2008 at Punkaharju, Finland
Experiments in blueberry culture
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2001-2008 = Results of official variety trials 2001-2008
Agricultural field experiments : design and analysis
Abstract: Use and introduction of medicinal plants with adaptogen effects in Finland.
Transposon vectors for gene therapy : preclinical studies with the sleeping beauty transposon system
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1995-2002 = Results of offical variety trials 1995-2002
Barley & malt committee. Report on field trials 1986 (malted Jan./Febr. 1987), vol. 37.
Mechanisms of action of bisphosphonates in cancer : tumour associated macrophage targeting strategies
Variety trials with blackcurrants conducted in Finland, 1959-1969
Growth and yield of six-year-old fuelwood species under irrigation in eastern Kenya
Pinus contorta from untamed forest to domesticated crop : proceedings of a meeting with IUFRO Working Party S2.02.06 "Pinus contorta provenances and breeding" and Frans Kempe symposium in Umeå August 24-28,1992
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1992-1999 = Results of official variety trials 1992-1999
Crop variety trials : data management and analysis
Clonal forestry. 1, Genetics and biotechnology
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1990-1997 = Results of official variety trials 1990-1997
Row-column designs applied to experiments with sugar beet seeds
Plant-availability of soil and fertilizer zinc in cultivated soils of Finland
Corneal epithelial and retinal pigment epithelial cell culture assays as potential alternatives to animal experimentation for the evaluation of ocular toxicity
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2004-2011 = Results of official variety trials 2004-2011
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Stem cells in neurodegenerative diseases : focus on Alzheimer's disease and neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis
Using wheat-mungbean plant system and arbuscular mycorrhiza to enhance in-situ bioremediation
Culture of animal cells : a manual of basic technique
Split application of nitrogen: effects on the protein in spring wheat and fate of 15N-labelled nitrogen in the soil-plant system
Correcting yield in agricultural experimentation
Diets, culture media, food supplements. 4, Culture media for cells, organs and embryos
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1988-1995 = Results of official variety trials 1988-1995
A single and uniform fertilizer application may lead to ineffective crop nutrient uptake and use. In order to enhance nutrient use efficiency the application should be adjusted according to the need of the cultivated crop. This task is challenging because weather is unknown and unpredictable over the upcoming growing season. One solution is site-specific fertilizer application in several separate events throughout the season. Such a precision fertilization method requires information on the current crop state (e.g. the availability of water and nutrients in the soil) and a crop growth model that aims to assess current crop growth and near future needs. A field experiment with varying radiation, precipitation and nutrient conditions was established to test our crop growth model performance. Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was grown using three fertilization rates with three precipitation and two radiation treatments within each fertilization treatment. The observed crop biomass accumulation in the highest fertilization treatment was considered as the highest possible in the prevailing conditions. The simulated (maximal) biomass accumulation was in agreement with the highest observed biomass yield. The results were found promising for further use of the model in crop growth evaluation during the growing season.
Adenovirus and baculovirus mediated proangiogenic gene therapy in skeletal muscle and uterine artery : safety aspects in peripheral arterial disease and fetal growth restriction therapy
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1993-2000 = Results of official variety trials 1993-2000
Cold hardiness research on agricultural and horticultural crops in Finland
Challenges and opportunities for respiratory syncytial virus vaccines
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Effects of fertilizer timing and application method in blackcurrant (Ribes nigrum L.) cv. Ben Tron and strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) cv. Korona = Effekter av gjødslingstidspunkt og -metode i solbær (Ribes nigrum L) cv Ben Tron og jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa Duch) cv Korona
Repair of segmental bone defects with fiber-reinforced composite : a study of material development and an animal model on rabbits
Viljalajikkeiden taudinalttius virallisissa lajikekokeissa 1996-2003 = Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1996-2003
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1.1.1994 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1.1.1994
Genetic and functional studies of genes involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease
New technologies for toxicity testing
Catalytic and therapeutic characteristics of human recombinant glycosylasparaginase and bacterial L-asparaginases
The application of enzyme replacement therapy in vitro and in a mouse model in aspartylglycosaminuria
Systematic analysis of disease pathways in congenital, infantile and juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses
Culture of Animal Cells : A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications
Abstract: Economics of animal health and animal disease related risks.
Long-term field experiments in organic farming
Split application of nitrogen : effects on the protein in spring wheat and fate of [sup 15]N-labelled nitrogen in the soil-plant system
Since the publication of the sixth edition of this benchmark text, numerous advances in the field have been made - particularly in stem cells, 3D culture, scale-up, STR profiling, and culture of specialized cells. Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition is the updated version of this benchmark text, addressing these recent developments in the field as well as the basic skills and protocols. This eagerly awaited edition reviews the increasing diversity of the applications of cell culture and the proliferation of specialized techniques, and provides an introduction to new subtopics in mini-reviews. New features also include a new chapter on cell line authentication with a review of the major issues and appropriate protocols including DNA profiling and barcoding, as well as some new specialized protocols. Because of the continuing expansion of cell culture, and to keep the bulk of the book to a reasonable size, some specialized protocols are presented as supplementary material online. Culture of Animal Cells: A Manual of Basic Technique and Specialized Applications, Seventh Edition provides the most accessible and comprehensive introduction available to the culture and experimental manipulation of animal cells. This text is an indispensable resource for those in or entering the field, including academic research scientists, clinical and biopharmaceutical researchers, undergraduate and graduate students, cell and molecular biology and genetics lab managers, trainees and technicians.
Faidherbia albida in the West African semi-arid tropics : proceedings of a workshop, 22-26 Apr 1991, Niamey, Niger
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2000-2007 = Results of official variety trials 2000-2007
Pests of cultivated plants in Finland in 1975
Availability to plants of molybdenum in Finnish mineral soils
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1999-2006 = Results of official variety trials 1999-2006
