http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27918 self-help literature
self-help literature
Awakening joy : 10 steps that will put you on the road to real happiness
The sleep revolution : transforming your life, one night at a time
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
Better than before : mastering the habits of our everyday lives
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
Whether we're 20, 40, 60 or older, many of us are still looking for an answer to that perennial question, 'What do you want to be when you grow up?' Using real-life stories and proven techniques like reframing, prototyping and mind-mapping, the authors use their expertise to help you work out what you want - and how to get it
Self-empowerment : live life to the full
Get your sh*t together : how to stop worrying about what you should do so you can finish what you need to do and start doing what you want to do
Your health destiny : how to unlock your natural ability to overcome illness, feel better, and live longer
Popular : Vintage wisdom for a modern geek : a memoir
The alpha woman meets her match : how today's strong women can find love and happiness without settling
How to have a good day
Finnish summary.
"In this generation-defining self-help guide, a superstar blogger cuts through the crap to show us how to stop trying to be "positive" all the time so that we can truly become better, happier people. For decades, we've been told that positive thinking is the key to a happy, rich life. "F**k positivity," Mark Manson says. "Let's be honest, shit is f**ked and we have to live with it." In his wildly popular Internet blog, Manson doesn't sugarcoat or equivocate. He tells it like it is--a dose of raw, refreshing, honest truth that is sorely lacking today. The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F**k is his antidote to the coddling, let's-all-feel-good mindset that has infected modern society and spoiled a generation, rewarding them with gold medals just for showing up. Manson makes the argument, backed both by academic research and well-timed poop jokes, that improving our lives hinges not on our ability to turn lemons into lemonade, but on learning to stomach lemons better. Human beings are flawed and limited--"not everybody can be extraordinary, there are winners and losers in society, and some of it is not fair or your fault." Manson advises us to get to know our limitations and accept them. Once we embrace our fears, faults, and uncertainties, once we stop running and avoiding and start confronting painful truths, we can begin to find the courage, perseverance, honesty, responsibility, curiosity, and forgiveness we seek. There are only so many things we can give a f**k about so we need to figure out which ones really matter, Manson makes clear. While money is nice, caring about what you do with your life is better, because true wealth is about experience. A much-needed grab-you-by-the-shoulders-and-look-you-in-the-eye moment of real-talk, filled with entertaining stories and profane, ruthless humor, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F**k is a refreshing slap for a generation to help them lead contented, grounded lives"--
Getting back out there : secrets to successful dating and finding true love after the big breakup
F*ck feelings : one shrink's practical advice for managing all life's impossible problems
The gifts of imperfection : Let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
"Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived"--
The defining decade : why your twenties matter-and how to make the most of them now
Deliberate receiving : finally, the universe makes some freakin' sense!
Getting (more of) what you want : how the secrets of economics and psychology can help you negotiate anything, in business and in life
Provides a straight-talking, humorous, and helpful guide to shedding self-doubt and finding one's own path to success.
Awaken the giant within : how to take immediate control of your mental, emotional, physical & financial destiny!
What if this is heaven? : how I released my limiting beliefs and really started living
Instant session plans for essential life skills : health and well-being
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Not that kind of girl : a young woman tells you what she's "learned"
Hustle is a step-by-step guide to breaking out of the monotony of the 9-5 lifestyle and making your dreams a reality. It lays out the tools you need to realise the work you enjoy and gain the confidence and motivation to be in charge of your own adventures. In a world where loyalty doesn’t translate into success learn how to get ahead and discover a more imaginative way of living.
In The Gifts of Imperfection, Brené Brown, a leading expert on shame, authenticity, and belonging, shares ten guideposts on the power of Wholehearted living--a way of engaging with the world from a place of worthiness.
Thank & grow rich : a 30-day experiment in shameless gratitude and unabashed joy
The happiness track : how to apply the science of happiness to accelerate your success
Better than before : what I learned about making and breaking habitsto sleep more, quit sugar, procrastinate less, and generally build a happier life
Practical mindfulness
On New Year's Eve, journalist and former Parade editor-in-chief Janice Kaplan makes a promise to be grateful and look on the bright side of whatever happens. She realizes that how she feels over the next months will have less to do with the events that occur than with her own attitude and perspective. Getting advice at every turn from psychologists, academics, doctors and philosophers, Kaplan embarks on a smart, witty and insightful journey that will empower readers to think positively and start living their own best year ever.
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
The gifts of imperfection : let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
Health and body image -- Careers and work -- Money and finance - Etiquette: it's not about the fork -- The company you keep -- Dating, sex and romance -- getting along with your family -- Spirituality -- Home Ec for modern times -- Fashion sense for any era.
In How to Have a Good Day, economist and former McKinsey partner Caroline Webb shows readers how to use recent findings from behavioral economics, psychology, and neuroscience to transform our approach to everyday working life. Advances in these behavioral sciences are giving us ever better understanding of how our brains work, why we make the choices we do, and what it takes for us to be smart and savvy. But it's not always been easy to see how to apply these insights in the workplace - until now. In How to Have a Good Day, Webb explains how three big scientific ideas can help us be at our best every day. She shows us exactly how to apply this science to our plans, tasks and conversations, in step-by-step guidance that allows us to: set better priorities; make the hours go further; turn every interaction into a success; strengthen our personal impact; be resilient in the face of setbacks; and sustain our energy over the course of the day.
How to be a man
The universe has your back : how to feel safe and trust your life no matter what
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
The Secret - Salaisuus
Seven secrets of mindfulness : how to keep your everyday practice alive
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
From frazzled to fabulous : how to juggle fatherhood, a successful career, 'me time' and looking good
The procrastination equation : how to stop putting things off and start getting things done
The no spend year : how I spent less and lived more
The smart girls guide to getting what you want : how to be assertive with wit, style and grace
The miracle morning : the 6 habits that will transform your life before 8am
What if this is heaven? : how our cultural myths prevent us from experiencing heaven on earth
Michelle McGagh has been writing about money for over a decade. You'd think that would make her a whizz with her own cash, right? Wrong! Spending with abandon and ignoring bank statements were her modus operandi. Just because she wasn't in serious debt, apart from her massive London mortgage, she thought she was in control. She wasn't. Then Michelle discovered minimalism and sold 80% of her belongings. This was the first step to reining in her finances, and the second was to apply minimalism to her spending habits with a year-long spending ban. The aim: to pay off a huge chunk of her mortgage. She pays her bills and she has a minimal budget for her weekly groceries and household essentials but otherwise Michelle doesn't spend any money at all. She is finding creative ways to get the things she needs, to travel and to still be able to enjoy her time. Not only has she saved money but she is happier: no longer feeling the desire to buy things all the time or feeling the pressure of being sold. Her relationship with money, with things, with time, with others has changed for the better. This book is perfect for people who are by no means badly off but who often find themselves desperately waiting for pay day and wondering how on earth they frittered away their salary, who spend over GBP650 a year on their daily latte, who pop into Tesco Extra for a pint of milk and come out with GBP20 of random shopping, who never read their bank statements and who would like to learn how to set themselves up for a better life, buy their own home or prepare for their children's future or retirement. The No Spend Year is honestly written and talks about money in an approachable and entertaining way. Interspersed throughout are really brilliant personal finance tips and life hacks about interest, mortgages, savings, spending less to help you live a more financially secure life too.
F**ck it : do what you love
You can change the way you think about yourself and other people, and increase your self-confidence and self-trust. You can build better relationships, even at work. You can manage your life and time, and learn to use your strengths. You can be kinder to yourself and to others, and live your life like it really matters. And this book can show you how! Choosing Happiness is a rich, inclusive, and broad-ranging book, offering the skills and insights you need in order to be more inwardly stable, content, and happier - and to interact with other people in a more positive and rewarding way.
Escape everything!
At home with Madame Chic : becoming a connoisseur of daily life
Release your inner Roman
The physics of vulnerability is simple: If we are brave enough often enough, we will fall. This is a book about what it takes to get back up and how owning our stories of disappointment, failure, and heartbreak gives us the power to write a daring new ending. Struggle can be our greatest call to courage and Rising Strong, our clearest path to deeper meaning, wisdom and hope.
One small step can change your life : the kaizen way
Transnational popular psychology and the global self-help industry : the politics of contemporary social change
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Survive the worst and aim for the best
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it : wisdom of the great philosophers on how to live
How to be a bad bitch
The universe has your back : transform fear to faith
The awakened family : a revolution in parenting
Sane : how I shaped up my mind, improved my mental strength and found calm
F*ck feelings : less obsessing, more living*
Balancing the big stuff : finding happiness in work, family, and life
How to be calm
Cultural differences in the rhetoric of American and Finnish self-help books
The gratitude diaries : how a year looking on the bright side transformed my life
Forgiveness : 21 days to forgive everyone for everything
The 7 aha!s of highly enlightened souls : how to free yourself from all forms of stress and learn to live your life peacefully, lovingly and happily
Working in Finland : information for immigrants
Skip the guilt trap : simple steps to help you move on with your life
The subtle art of not giving a fuck : a counterintuitive approach to living a good life
Choosing happiness : life & soul essentials
Small move, big change : using microresolutions to transform your life permanently
In her latest book New York Times bestselling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live. Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power. When readers practice the tools in this book, they'll begin to find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain.
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
Happy is the new healthy : 31 ways to relax, let go, and enjoy life NOW!
Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived.
The 3 things that will change your destiny today!
The girl's guide to absolutely everything
Designing your life : build a life that works for you
Stuck at the bottom of the social ladder at 'pretty much the lowest level of people at school who aren't paid to be here, ' the author decided to begin a social experiment: spend the school year following a 1950s popularity guide. This book offers readers of all ages a thoroughly contemporary example of kindness and self-confidence / WorldCat.
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
Happy is the new healthy : 31 Ways to relax, let go, and enjoy life NOW!
Baraz helps readers discover a path to the happiness that's right in front of them, offering a step-by-step program that will reorient their minds away from dissatisfaction and toward the contentment and delight that is abundantly available.
More of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Soulcraft : crossing into the mysteries of nature and psyche
Hustle : the power to charge your life with money, meaning and momentum
Uninvited study guide : living loved when you feel less than, left out, and lonely
A book for gay and bisexual people on how to build happy, secure lives and relationships, and a call-to-arms for society to protect and nurture young people, regardless of their sexual orientation. Written by Matthew Todd, editor of the UK's biggest-selling gay magazine, Straight Jacket is a revolutionary guide for gay men which began life as an article in Attitude magazine.
Thanking (rather than thinking) puts us on an energetic frequency that calls in miracles. Science has proven that when we observe the world from a place of gratitude, we develop the capacity to radically rev up our day-to-day experience. This book offers an updated perspective on abundance, which goes way beyond financial capital.
Bart Simpsons Guide to Life
Finding flow : the psychology of engagement with everyday life
Moody bitches : the truth about the drugs you're taking, the sleep you're missing, the sex you're not having & whats really making you crazy..
The smartphone coaching system : how to radically improve your life with the help of your phone
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Popular : a memoir : vintage wisdom for a modern geek
Everything you need you have : how to be at home in your self
♯Now : the surprising truth about the power of now
Success is a journey : 7 steps to achieving success in the business of life
In her latest book, The Universe Has Your Back,New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live.  Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power.  Gabrielle says, "My commitment with this book is to wake up as many people as possible to their connection to faith and joy. In that connection, we can be guided to our true purpose: to be love and spread love. These words can no longer be cute buzz phrases that we merely post on social media. Rather, these words must be our mission. The happiness, safety, and security we long for lies in our commitment to love."   When readers follow this path, they'll begin to feel a swell of energy move through them. They will find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain. Follow the secrets revealed in this book to unleash the presence of your power and know always that The Universe Has Your Back.
Choosing inner peace : conversations with the truth
How to be normal : a guide for the perplexed
CHILD & DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY. Oprah called Dr. Shefali Tsabary's first book "the most profound book on parenting I've ever encountered," and immediately helped make it a "New York Times" bestseller in 2014. Now, Dr. Shefali offers readers a radically transformative plan that shows parents how to raise children to be their best, truest selves. All parents have aspirations for their children. But often these turn into crushing expectations that cause real harm and disillusionment at the most important time in a child's development. Parenting should not be a competition with winners and losers. Parents need to recognize their children for who they actually are, and in her groundbreaking new book, Dr. Shefali Tsabary challenges the modern myths of parenting that define how a child is "supposed to be."
The awakened introvert : Practical mindfulness skills to help you maximize your strengths & thrive in a loud & crazy world
Do less, get more : guilt-free ways to make time for the things (and people) that matter
At last, the Roman self-help book the world has been waiting for. Marcus Sidonius Falx sets out the characteristics that have made the Romans the most successful people in history and shows how following their example will do the same for you.
The little book of hygge : the Danish way to live well
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
The subtle art of not giving a f*ck : A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life
The modern girl's survival guide : 120 life-coaching steps for success with money, career and romance
Enjoy old age : a practical guide
Transforming pain to power : unlock your unlimited potential
The achievement habit ; stop wishing, start doing, and take command of your life
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of Stoic joy
