http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27953 sociology of dance
sociology of dance
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the fourth annual conference of the Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
Ballroom : culture and costume in competitive dance
A queer history of the ballet
The body, dance and cultural theory
Europe dancing : perspectives on theatre dance and cultural identity
Sport, dance, and embodied identities
Method meets art : arts-based research practice
Critical moves : dance studies in theory and politics
Nordic dance spaces : practicing and imagining a region
Dance has been connected to the practices and ideologies that have shaped notions of a Nordic region for more than a century and it is ingrained into the culture and society of the region. This book investigates different dance phenomena that have either engaged with or dismantled notions of Nordicness. Looking to the motion of dancers and dance forms between different locations, organizations and networks of individuals, its authors discuss social dancing, as well as historical processes associated with collaborations in folk dance and theatre dance. They consider how similarities and differences between the Nordic countries may be discerned, for instance in patterns of reception at the arrival of dance forms from outside the Nordic countries - and vice versa, how dance from the Nordic countries is received in other parts of the world, as seen for example in the Nordic Cool Festival at the Kennedy Centre in 2013.
Defining the undefinable : toward a sociological interpretation of the dancing body
Studying dance cultures around the world : an introduction to multicultural dance education
Capoeira : the history of an Afro-Brazilian martial art
Dance, gender and culture
The early sociology of culture. Vol. 2, The taxi-dance hall : a sociological study on commercialized recreation and city life
Becoming Arab in London : performativity and the undoing of identity
"Argentinean tango is a global phenomenon. Since its origin among immigrants from the slums of Buenos Aires and Montevideo, it has crossed and re-crossed many borders. Yet, never before has tango been danced by so many people and in so many different places as today. Argentinean tango is more than a specific music and style of dancing. It is also a cultural imaginary which embodies intense passion, hyper-heterosexuality, and dangerous exoticism. In the wake of its latest revival, tango has become both a cultural symbol of Argentinean national identity and a transnational cultural space in which a modest, yet growing number of dancers from different parts of the globe meet on the dance floor. Through interviews and ethnographical research in Amsterdam and Buenos Aires, Kathy Davis shows why a dance from another era and another place appeals to men and women from different parts of the world and what happens to them as they become caught up in the tango salon culture.
In this provocative study of dancing, Sam Gill examines the interpretive styles of a variety of cultural dance traditions in discourse with the philosophic traditions of Schiller, Merleau-Ponty, Barbaras, Derrida, Leroi-Gourhan, and Baudrillard. As a scholar of religion, Gill provides special consideration to the importance of this emerging appreciation of dancing as a perspective inclusive of body and experience. Each chapter delves into the many factions of dancing: moving, gesturing, self-othering, playing, seducing, and masking. Gill also draws on the analysis of contemporary dance films and musicals, his experience as a dancer and dance teacher, his extensive research on dance traditions, and his interest in neurobiology and phenomenology to develop the core of this rich exploration of “dancing,” the structurality of all dances.
Dance composition : an interrelated arts approach
Society and the dance : the social anthropology of process and performance
Partnering dance and education : intelligent moves for changing times
Abstract: Art as a tool of psychosocial work.
Tourism and the globalization of emotions : the intimate economy of tango
The work of dance : labor, movement, and identity in the 1930s
Watching Weimar dance asks what audiences saw in the peculiarly turbulent and febrile moment of the Weimar Republic. It closely analyses the reception of various performances, from cabaret to concert dance and experimental theatre, in their own time and place - at home in interwar Germany, on tour, and later returning from exile after World War II. Spectator reports that performers died or became half-machine archived not only the physicality of past performance, but also the ways audiences used the temporary world of the stage to negotiate pressing social issues, from female visibility within commodity culture to the functioning of human-machine hybrids in an era of increasing technologization. These accounts offer offer limit cases for the body on stage and, in so doing, speak to the preoccupations of the day. Approaching a range of performance artists, including Oskar Schlemmer, Valeska Gert, Kurt Jooss, Mary Wigman, Bertolt Brecht, Anita Berber, and the Tiller Girl troupes, through archives of watching, the reception of these performances also revises and complicates understandings of Ausdruckstanz as the representative dance of this moment in Germany. They further reveal how such practices came to be reconfigured and imbued with new significance in the post-war era. By bringing insights from theatre, dance, and performance studies to German cultural studies, and vice versa, Watching Weimar Dance develops a culturally-situated model of watching that not only offers a revisionist narrative, but also demonstrates new methods for dance scholarship to shape cultural history.
Ten lectures on theories of the dance
Dance, human rights, and social justice : dignity in motion
Dancing on the canon : embodiments of value in popular dance
Dancing : the pleasure, power, and art of movement
Ballet across borders : career and culture in the world of dancers
Dancing and mixed media : early twentieth-century modern dance theory in text and photography
Making popular music : musicians, creativity and institutions
Moving words : re-writing dance
The performer-audience connection : emotion to metaphor in dance and society
Automatic teller machines, castrati, lesbians, The Terminator: all participate in the profound technological, representation, sexual, and theoretical changes in which bodies are implicated. Posthuman Bodies addresses new interfaces between humans and technology that are radically altering the experience of our own and others' bodies.
Nightclub : bouncers, risk, and the spectacle of consumption
Human action signs in cultural context : the visible and the invisible in movement and dance
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the Fourth Annual Conference of Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
Tango nostalgia : the language of love and longing : a contrastive semiotic and cultural approach to the tango = Finnish culture in tango lyrics discourses
Popular music and youth culture : music, identity and place
Ballroom dancing : the romance, rhythm and style
Posthuman bodies
Meaning in motion : new cultural studies of dance
Choreographing history
African dance
Making an entrance : theory and practice for disabled and non-disabled dancers
Choro : a social history of a Brazilian popular music
Sorry, I don't dance : why men refuse to move
The Nyau masquerade : an examination of HIV/AIDS, power and influence in Malawi
Moving history, dancing cultures : a dance history reader
Of the presence of the body : essays on dance and performance theory
The city of musical memory : salsa, record grooves, and popular culture in Cali, Colombia
Dance, sex and gender : signs of identity, dominance, defiance, and desire
Baakisimba : gender in the music and dance of the Baganda people of Uganda
Coach education : preparation for a profession : proceedings of the VIII Commonwealth and International Conference on Sport, Physical Education, Dance, Recreation and Health : conference '86 Glasgow 18-23 July
How to make dances in an epidemic : tracking choreography in the age of AIDS
An analysis of the cultural framework of the production and reception of Loie Fuller's dance
Writing dancing together
Dancing tango : passionate encounters in a globalizing world
The dancer's survival manual : everything you need to know from the first class to career change
Social choreography : ideology as performance in dance and everyday movement
Dancing class : gender, ethnicity, and social divides in American dance, 1890-1920
Dancing desires : choreographing sexualities on and off the stage
Magic and the millennium : a sociological study of religious movements of protest among tribal and Third-World peoples
"This book presents the first comprehensive introduction to arts-based research (ABR) practices, which scholars in multiple disciplines are fruitfully using to reveal information and represent experiences that traditional methods cannot capture. Each of the SLX major ABR genres - narrative inquiry, poetry, music, performance, dance, and visual art - is covered in chapters that introduce key concepts and tools and present an exemplary research article by a leading ABR practitioner. Patricia Leavy discusses the kinds of research questions these innovative approaches can address and offers practical guidance for applying them in all phases of a research project, from design and data collection to analysis, interpretation, representation, and evaluation. Chapters include checklists to guide methodological decision making, discussion questions, and recommended print and online resources."--BOOK JACKET.
Today, an increasing number of people from all over the world travel to Buenos Aires to dance tango. To accommodate these intimate voyagers, tourist agencies offer travel packages, including classes in tango instruction, dance shoe shopping, and special city maps pointing out the tango clubs in town. Some of these agencies even provide taxi dancers — mainly Argentine men, who make a living by selling themselves as dance escorts to foreign women on a short term stay. Based on a cheek-to-cheek ethnography of intimate life in the tango clubs of Buenos Aires, this book provides a passionate exploration of tango — its sentiments and symbolic orders — as well as a critical investigation of the effects of globalization on intimate economies. Throughout the chapters, the author assesses how, in an explosive economic and political context, people’s emotional lives intermingle with a tourism industry that has formed at the intersection of close embrace dances and dollars. Bringing economies of intimacy centre stage, the book describes how a global condition is lived bodily, emotionally and politically, and offers a rich, provocative contribution to theorizing today’s global flows of people, money, and fragile dreams. As the narrative charts a course across a sea of intense, immediate emotional sensations, taken-for-granted ideas about sex, romance and power twist and turn like the steps of the tango. Maria Törnqvist is a sociologist conducting ethnographic research on tango dancing. She has also published on Swedish gender equality politics and has written a prize-winning teaching book in feminist theory (with Katharina Tollin). For the 2006 academic year she was a visiting scholar at the Sociology department at UC Berkeley. She is currently a lecturer at the Department of Education, Uppsala University.
Why we dance introduces a philosophy of bodily becoming that posits bodily movement as the source and telos of human life. Within this philosophy, dance appears as an activity that humans evolved to do as the enabling condition of their best bodily becoming. Weaving theoretical reflection with accounts of lived experience, this book positions dance as a catalyst in the development of human consciousness, compassion, ritual proclivity, and ecological adaptability. Aligning with trends in new materialism, affect theory, and feminist philosophy, as well as advances in dance and religious studies, this work reveals the vital role dance can play in reversing the trajectory of ecological self-destruction along which human civilization is racing.
Cuban music is recognized unanimously as a major historical force behind Latin American popular music, and as an important player in the development of US popular music and jazz. However, the music produced on the island after the Revolution in 1959 has been largely overlooked and overshadowed by the Buena Vista Social Club phenomenon. The Revolution created the conditions for the birth of a type of highly sophisticated popular music, which has grown relatively free from market pressures. These conditions premised the new importance attained by Afro-Cuban dance music during the 1990s, when the island entered a period of deep economic and social crisis that has shaken Revolutionary institutions from their foundations.
The Cambridge companion to modern Spanish culture
Sensational knowledge : embodying culture through Japanese dance
The Garland encyclopedia of world music. Volume 9, Australia and the Pacific Islands
French moves : the cultural politics of le hip hop
Global movements : dance, place, and hybridity
Watching Weimar dance
Something in the way she moves : dancing women from Salome to Madonna
Critical gestures : writings on dance and culture
After subculture : critical studies in contemporary youth culture
Dance in its time
Yes? No! Maybe... : seductive ambiguity in dance
Choreographing difference : the body and identity in contemporary dance
Ring of liberation : deceptive discourse in Brazilian capoeira
Illicit worlds on Indian dance : cultures of exclusion
Framhouse fiddlers : music & dance traditions in the rural Midwest : by Philip Martin
Sounds of the metropolis : the nineteenth-century popular music revolution in London, New York, Paris, and Vienna
The mystery of samba : popular music & national identity in Brazil
Dance in the field : theory, methods and issues in dance ethnography
Timba : the sound of the Cuban crisis
"You better work!" : underground dance music in New York City
Conversations on art and performance
Moving ideas : multimodality and embodied learning in communities and schools
Dance in the city
Global nomads : techno and New Age as transnational countercultures in Ibiza and Goa
Making beats : the art of sample-based hip-hop
Time and the dancing image
African dance : an artistic, historical, and philosophical inquiry
Why we dance : a philosophy of bodily becoming
Music as social life : the politics of participation
Body matters : essays on the sociology of the body
Gesture, gender, nation : dance and social change in Uzbekistan
Anthropology and human movement : searching for origins
Alien bodies : representations of modernity, 'race' and nation in early modern dance
Dancing fear & desire : race, sexuality and imperial politics in Middle Eastern dance
Anthropology and human movement : the study of dances
The passion of music and dance : body, gender and sexuality
Dance, modernity, and culture : explorations in the sociology of dance
