http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27959 Templars
Templars
Rosslyn and the Grail
The templar magician
In search of the Knights Templar : a guide to the sites in Britain
Assassin's creed : rogue : PlayStation 3
Assassin's creed : rogue : Xbox 360
The templars : knights of God
The scorpion. Volume 5
The last templar. 1, The encoder
The fall of the Templars in the Crown of Aragon
The proceedings against the Templars in the British Isles
The last templar. 2, The knight in the crypt
This book presents a detailed description of the archaeological evidence for the five Military Orders active in the Latin East: the Hospitallers; Templars; Teutonic Knights; Leper Knights of St Lazarus; and Knights of St Thomas. During the 12th and 13th centuries these Military Orders played an active role in the defence of the Latin States in the East (modern Turkey, Syria, Lebanon, Israel and Cyprus) and administered various urban and rural properties. They were also significantly involved in activities relating to the welfare of the Frankish populace and of the pilgrims visiting the Holy Land. The book concentrates on the urban quarters of the Orders, their rural castles, their architecture, and the role they played in shaping military architecture in the Middle Ages.
Secrets of the Knights Templar : the hidden history of the world's most powerful order
The Templars : history & myth
Valley of the templars
The debate on the Trial of the Templars, 1307-1314
Perdition : the crusader's last stand
The seventh templar : an annotated translation of passages from a historical novel by Juha-Pekka Koskinen
The Templar meridians : the secret mapping of the New World
Requiem : the fall of the Templars
Lost city of the templars
The awful secret
Crusading at the fringe of the ocean : Denmark and Portugal in the twelfth century
Crusade and pilgrimage : different ways to the City of God
The Knights Templar in Britain
Solomon's thieves. Book one
In October 1307 all the brothers of the military religious Order of the Temple in France were arrested on the instructions of King Philip IV and charged with heresy. In November, Pope Clement V instructed King Edward II of England to do likewise. This title provides the surviving texts of the trial proceedings that followed in Britain and Ireland.
Templar
What secrets will the stolen encoder reveal? The investigation onto the museum raid continues, but it's a difficult one. One of the four 'knights' has already died in his - guarded - hospital room, and FBI Agent Reilly is unknowingly engaged in a race to find the other thieves before the mysterious assassins try to eliminate them. Meanwhile, young archaeologist Tess Chaykin is following up the Templar lead - one that the FBI considers too far-fetched to be worth looking into.
Pirates and the lost templar fleet : the secret naval war between the Knights Templar & the Vatican
Archaeology of the military orders : a survey of the urban centres, rural settlement and castles of the military orders in the Latin east (c. 1120-1291)
The scorpion. Volume 4
The Sword and the Grail : of the Grail and the Templars and a true discovery of America
Milites Pacis : military and peace services in the history of chivalric orders
Red templar
The Templar legacy
A new Norse knighthood? : the impact of the Templars in late twelfth-century Norway
Assassin's creed : rogue : PS3
Assassin's creed IV : black flag ; Assassin's creed : rogue : PlayStation 3
The Templar papers : ancient mysteries, secret societies, and the Holy Grail
The new knighthood : a history of the Order of the Temple
The Templars : selected sources
The templars : history & myth
