http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2791 unmarried status
unmarried status
Going solo : single mothers by choice
Sex, men, and babies : stories of awareness and responsibility
The holy woman
Single women : on the margins?
Single life and the city 1200-1900
Tragic story of Lily Bart, a beautiful young lady caught up in the glittering but shallow and corrupt world of New York society at the turn of the 20th century.
The surplus woman : unmarried in Imperial Germany, 1871-1918
Going solo : the extraordinary rise and surprising appeal of living alone
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
The art of being a single woman
Spinsters and lesbians : independent womanhood in the United States
Into the valley
Single blessedness : observations on the single status in married society
The best-selling author of The Thorn Birds presents a sequel to Pride and Prejudice that finds the willful third Bennet sister setting out in her late thirties in pursuit of adventure while her sisters worry about her at home.
The pastoral provisions - married Catholic priests
Scarlet letters : fictions of adultery from antiquity to the 1990s
Single in the city : a survey of China's single women
Single life : unmarried adults in social context
Single mothers by choice : a guidebook for single women who are considering or have chosen motherhood
Complete as one
Women without husbands : an exploration of the margins of marriage
Increasing numbers of women live outside marriage or in marriages in which partners live largely separate lives. This book looks at the lives of such women, their sources of social and economic support as well as how they manage and organize their household routines. It explores the implications of their of their marginality to marriage for their domestic power, their familial relationships and their independent identity.
Straight talking
Increasing excess mortality among non-married elderly people in development countries
Single women
Spinster : making a life of one's own
This collection of essays explores aspects of marriage and divorce in Southeast and East Asia, India and beyond. Factors such as the age of marriage, the proportion of the population that remains single, marriage stability, the number of cross-culture and inter-ethnic marriages and the decision on bearing children are all given attention
The good, the bad and the dumped
Those girls : single women in sixties and seventies popular culture
The socio-economic situation of solo women in Europe
Control games : avoiding intimacy on the singles scene
Nuclear family, extended family, step-family, single
Emily Goes to Exeter : Being the first volume of the travelling matchmaker
It's not you : 27 (wrong) reasons you're single
(Un)tying the knot : ideal and reality in Asian marriage
Before the war
Independent women : work and community for single women 1850-1920
Celibacy and religious traditions
During the first half of the twentieth century, out-of-wedlock pregnancy came to be seen as one of the most urgent and compelling problems of the day. The effort to define its meaning fueled a struggle among three groups of women: evangelical reformers who regarded unmarried mothers as fallen sisters to be saved, a new generation of social workers who viewed them as problem girls to be treated, and unmarried mothers themselves. Drawing on previously unexamined case records from maternity homes, Regina Kunzel explores how women negotiated the crisis of single pregnancy and analyzes the different ways they understood and represented unmarried motherhood. Fallen Women, Problem Girls is a social and cultural history of out-of-wedlock pregnancy in the United States from 1890 to 1945. Kunzel analyzes how evangelical women drew on a long tradition of female benevolence to create maternity homes that would redeem and reclaim unmarried mothers. She shows how, by the 1910s, social workers struggling to achieve professional legitimacy tried to dissociate their own work from that earlier tradition, replacing the reform rhetoric of sisterhood with the scientific language of professionalism. By investigating the important and unexplored transition from the conventions of nineteenth-century reform to the professional imperatives of twentieth-century social welfare, Kunzel offers a new interpretation of gender and professionalization. Kunzel places shifting constructions of out-of-wedlock pregnancy within a broad history of gender, sexuality, class, and race, and argues that the contests among evangelical women, social workers, and unmarried mothers distilled larger generational and cross-class conflicts among women in the first half of the twentieth century. -- Provided by publisher.
The house of mirth
Women who become men : Albanian sworn virgins
Celibacies : American modernism & sexual life
Women alone : spinsters in England 1660-1850
Excellent women in Barbara Pym's early novels
This feminist classic explores the many manifestations of friendship between women and examines the ways women have created their own communities and destinies through friendship.
"A single woman considers her life, the life of the bold single ladies who have gone before her, and the long arc of slowly changing attitudes towards women"--
Sexuality in Medieval Europe : doing unto others
Unmarried mothers
Cohabiting, married, or single : portraying, analyzing, and modeling new living arrangements in the changing societies of Europe
Contemporary families and relationships : reinventing responsibility
The case for marriage : why married people are happier, healthier, and better off financially
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
Fallen women, problem girls : unmarried mothers and the professionalization of social work, 1890-1945
Promises I can keep : why poor women put motherhood before marriage
Finnish summary.
The business of marriage : transformations in Oceanic matromony
Single women/family ties : life histories of older women
Women on their own : interdisciplinary perspectives on being single
Independent women : work and community for single women 1850-1920 ; Martha Vicinus
A passion for friends : toward a philosophy of female affection
Otherhood : modern women finding a new kind of happiness
Spinster tales and womanly possibilities
Water is thicker than blood : an Augustinian theology of marriage and singleness
Never married : singlewomen in early modern England
The third in a series of books featuring four young women whose lives will be forever changed by WWII. Rose Petrie is desperate to do something for the war effort. Despite the daily hardships and the nightly bombing raids, her sister, Daisy, and their friends all seem to be thriving in their war work. Rose is doing her best down at the munitions factory, but she is dealt a blow when her childhood sweetheart, Stan, tells her he doesn't feel the same way about her. Determined to get away and make a new start, Rosie decides to put her mechanical skills, learned from her father and brothers, to good use and signs up for the Women's Auxiliary Service, or ATS. But Rose discovers that delivering fruit and veg in her father's greengrocer's van is very different to driving trucks for the army in a country under seige.
Courtship, illegitimacy and the marriage in early modern England
The single woman and the fairytale prince
Marriages and families : making choices and facing the change
Family ties and aging
Singled out : how singles are stereotyped, stigmatized, and ignored, and still live happily ever after
Changing Britain : families and households in the 1900s
Family ties : a novel
Smart love : a field guide for single adults
The independence of Miss Mary Bennet
The experiental and social implications of being single in E. M. Forster's A room with a view
Despite growing awareness of feminist sensibilities, single women remain polarized in the popular imagination. Either old maids or power women, they remain defined in relation to men - women who can't get, or, unnaturally, women who don't want a man. Through extensive historical research as well as interviews with dozens of women from San Francisco, London, and Helsinki, Tuula Gordon here forcefully exposes the artificial nature of this perceived dichotomy. The single woman is mistakenly seen to be a product of the twentieth century. Drawing on figures as diverse as Joan of Arc, Elizabeth I, and the Amazons, Gordon brings to light a powerful tradition of single womanhood and calls the marginality of single women into question. Conceptions of woman are important in shaping the possibilities and limitations of single women. A heterogeneous group in terms of occupation, ethnic grouping and sexual orientation, the women portrayed in this book serve to emphasize the diversity of single women, while indicating that their societal and cultural integration is still not wholly free of problems. Tuula Gordon's incisive application of feminist theory further add to a fascinating and invaluable study of an increasingly significant segment of society.
Premarital intercourse and interpersonal relationships, : a research study of interpersonal relationships based on case histories of 668 premarital intercourse experiences reported by 200 college level males
Lolly Willowes : or, the loving huntsmen
The bachelor's ball
This important qualitative study illuminates lifelong single women's contributions to family development in relation to their widowed peers. Allen examines the social and historical contexts of the women's childhoods, their experiences as young adults and the processes leading to their being single or married. Midlife variations in family caregiving experiences and the meaning of being single in old age are also discussed.
On a wing and a prayer
Sinkkuelämän säännöt : Rules of single life
