http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27940 self-management (personal development)
self-management (personal development)
What is the quality of your management? : ISO 9004:2009 : self-assessment work book : what separetes successful from the average?
Leadership and the new science : learning about organization from an orderly universe
The rules of management : a definitive code for managerial success
Personality assessment and self-other rating agreement : moderators and implications of agreement
Motivation, ability and confidence building in people
The CAF model for educational institutions : the common assesment framework : self-assesment work book : what separates the successfull from the avarage?
Managing processes in your professional service enterprise - EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book
Anders Ericsson has spent thirty years studying The Special Ones, the geniuses, sports stars and musical prodigies. And his remarkable finding, revealed in Peak, is that their special abilities are acquired through training. The innate gift of talent is a myth. Exceptional individuals are born with just one unique ability, shared by us all the ability to develop our brains and bodies through our own efforts.
The passion test: the effortless path to discovering your life purpose
The life coach workbook
Six sigma excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Encouraging learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard, part 2 : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Crucibles of leadership : how to learn from experience to become a great leader
Process management : 32 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
Management self-assessment : summary
Getting things done : the art of stress-free productivity
Assessment of process safety performance in Seveso establishments
The chimp paradox : the mind management program to help you achieve success, confidence, and happiness
The leader, the teacher & you : leadership through the third generation
How to organize yourself
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
How to make strategy work for you : self-assessment work book for SME's : 36 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separetes the successful from the average
Distributed leadership and teacher’ self-efficacy : the case studies of three Chinese schools in Shanghai
A socially critical view of the self-managing school
The book of leadership : how to get yourself, your team and your organisation further than you ever thought possible
Towards the self-regulative university
Self-leadership in social work : reflections from practice
Self-leadership : how to become a more successful, efficient, and effective leader from the inside out
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Motivation structure of end-user application developers in organisational learning
100 great building success ideas
The soul of leadership : unlocking your potential for greatness
Simple rules : how to thrive in a complex world
Integrated management system : ISO 9000, 14001, OHSAS 18001 : project capability : self-assessment work book : 34 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Lead more, control less : 8 advanced leadership skills that overturn convention
Leadership - a lifetime quest for excellence
Success is a journey : 7 steps to achieving success in the business of life
Environmental management system ISO 14001:2004 & EMAS : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful  from the average?
The new psychology of achievement : breakthrough strategies for success and happiness in the 21st century
Leading learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard, part 3 : self-assessment work book : 40 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Co-active leadership : five ways to lead
Holacracy : the revolutionary management system that abolishes hierarchy
Leadership and self-deception : getting out of the box
The professional social worker : meeting the challenge
How to be an even better manager : a complete A-Z of proven techniques & essential skills /  Michael Armstrong
Personal leadership : making a world of difference : a methodology of two principles and six practices
The EFQM Excellence Model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
'Deep work' is the ability to focus without distraction on a cognitively demanding task. Deep work will make you better at what you do, achieve more in less time and provide the sense of true fulfilment that comes from mastery of a skill. And yet most people have lost the ability to go deep - spending their days instead in a frantic blur of e-mail and social media, not even realising there's a better way. A mix of cultural criticism and actionable advice, Deep Work takes the reader on a journey through memorable stories - from Carl Jung building a stone tower in the woods to focus his mind, to a social media pioneer buying a round-trip to Tokyo to write a book free from distraction in the air - and surprising suggestions, such as the claim that most professionals should quit social media and that everyone should practise being bored. Deep Work will point the way to anyone seeking focused success in a distracted world.
Peak : secrets from the new science of expertise
"This new edition offers a comprehensive and up-to-date introduction to developing people skills. Written in an accessible and engaging style by leading author Neil Thompson, it is an essential read for students and practitioners of social work and all other helping professions"--
Confidence : how winning streaks and losing streaks begin and end
The intelligent Organization : engaging the talent & initiative of everyone in the workplace
The passion test : the effortless path to discovering your destiny
The EFQM excellence model for business enterprises : self-assessment work book
Holacracy
HBR's 10 must reads on emotional intelligence
Choose yourself : be happy, make millions, live the dream
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
"Today's breakneck pace of change has an immense impact on leaders-and as a result, on the organizations they run. All too often, people remain stuck in outdated mindsets and modes of operating, even after others recognize the need for change. Leaders need to learn to pivot even when there are no obvious signals guiding their way. Leadership expert Herminia Ibarra (INSEAD) upends traditional, introspective advice and says act first-and then change your way of thinking. In this unconventional book, Ibarra, one of the world's foremost experts on leadership transitions, provides the first practical guide on how to change when you also need to lead. Defying standard leadership development guidance, which encourages deep self-reflection into strengths and weaknesses, this book shows that the most effective way to change is through action, not analysis, and by learning from experience, not introspection. In short, it will teach you to change from the outside in by first acting like a leader and then thinking like one. Based on Ibarra's flagship executive education program at INSEAD, this book is for new and seasoned leaders alike who need to understand the new rules for success in their own organization, and in the global business environment at large. It's the essential guidebook for anyone who wants to upgrade their role or be the leader their organization needs them to be"--
Encouraging learning and development : part 2 : how to apply the Investors in People standard : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Environmental management system ISO 14001 : 35 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book..
Mastering self-leadership : empowering yourself for personal excellence
Act like a leader, think like a leader
Total leadership : be a better leader, have a richer life
The power of empowerement : release the hidden talents of your employees
The mindful coach : seven roles for facilitating leader development
Leading learning and development : self-assessment work book : 40 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard
Can a simple test change a person's life? Through their New York Times bestseller The Passion Test, Janet Bray Attwood and Chris Attwood have inspired thousands to shape their lives by discovering their passions and living according to what matters most to them. Readers can identify their top five passions by taking the Test, and then learn exactly how to align their lives with their priorities by following the Attwoods' easy-to-follow step-by-step program of action. Combining powerful storytelling and profound wisdom from models of passionate living such as Jack Canfield, Richard Paul Evans, and Stephen M.R. Covey, as well as drawing on their own personal experiences, the Attwoods show how living a full and impassioned life is not only possible, it's inevitable— for anyone willing to take the Test.
Human relations for career and personal success
The EFQM excellence model for entrepreneurs : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
Leading consciously : a pilgrimage toward self-mastery
Leadership and Self-deception : getting out of the box
Whether we're 20, 40, 60 or older, many of us are still looking for an answer to that perennial question, 'What do you want to be when you grow up?' Using real-life stories and proven techniques like reframing, prototyping and mind-mapping, the authors use their expertise to help you work out what you want - and how to get it
The Baldrige Criteria for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 32 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
A process-based approach to effective management : ISO 9001 : self-assessment work book : 57 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
What is the quality of your management : ISO 9004:2000 : self-assessment work book : 28 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Synchronicity : the inner path of leadership
Designing your life : build a life that works for you
Human resource management excelence model : self-assessment work book : 16 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Mental models for managers : frameworks for practical thinking
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The Baldrige criteria for business enterprises : self-assessment work book : 37 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The CAF model for public organizations : the common assesment framework : self-assesment work book : what separates the successfull from the avarage?
The power of no : because one little word can bring health, abundance and happiness
Design your life
Encouraging learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples. Part 2
Environmental management ISO 14001 & EMAS: self-assessment work book : 44 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Coaching the owner managers and directors of small businesses
