http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2794 family (phenomena)
family (phenomena)
The gathering
Marriages and families : new problems, new opportunities
The girl with no name
Time of transition : the growth of families headed by women
Family business classification in the Czech Republic
Burden of difference? : school welfare personnel's and parents' views on wellbeing of migrant children in Finland
All fall down : a novel
A thousand pieces of you
For Cora Kensington, the Grand Tour was to be the trip of a lifetime.  She discovered the family she never knew she had and may have even found the love she longs for in Will.
Wick is used to relying on herselfand only herself. But shes going to have to learn to trust someone if shes going to finally escape her demons
The American family : a compendium of data and sources
The virgin suicides
Glittering promises : a novel
Where fatherlessness meets music therapy : "the importance of therapist & the uniqueness of music"
Marriage and family in the modern world : a book of readings
Missing pieces
We are not ourselves : a novel
Beyond the family : the social organization of human reproduction
My husband's wife
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
The deaf child in the family and at school : essays in honor of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans
The subversive family : an alternative history of love and marriage
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
This book presents chapters by many eminent researchers and interventionists, all of whom address the development of deaf and hard-of-hearing children in the context of family and school. A variety of disciplines and perspectives are provided in order to capture the complexity of factors affecting development of these children in their diverse environments. Consistent with current theory and educational practice, the book focuses most strongly on the interaction of family and child strengths and needs and the role of educational and other interventionists in supporting family and child growth. This work, and the authors represented in it, have been influenced by the seminal work of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans, whose work continues to apply a multidisciplinary, developmental approach to understanding the development of deaf children. The book differs from other collections in the degree to which the chapters share ecological and developmental theoretical bases. A synthesis of information is provided in section introductions and in an afterword provided by Dr. Meadow-Orlans. The book reflects emerging research practice in the field by representing both qualitative and quantitative approaches. e chapters in the book may surprise readers in that they present a more positive view of family and child functioning than has historically been the case in this field. This is consistent with emerging data from deaf and hard of hearing children who have benefitted from early identification and intervention. In addition, it represents an emerging recognition of strengths shown by the children and by their deaf and hearing parents. The book moves from consideration of child and family to a focus on the role and effects of school environments on development. Issues of culture and expectations pervade the chapters in this section of the book, which includes chapters addressing effects of school placement options, positive effects of learning about deaf culture and history, effects of changing educational practice in developing nations, and the need for increased knowledge about ways to meet individual needs of the diverse group of deaf and hard of hearing students. Thus, the book gives the reader a coherent view of current knowledge and issues in research and intervention for deaf and hard of hearing children and their families.
Determinants of institutional care at older ages in Finland
Smalĺs birthday treat
Urgum the Axeman
Study of non-family executives in Chinese family firms
Xiao pi hai ri ji. 9, lao ma bu zai jia = Diary of a wimpy kid. 9, the ugly truth
The one & only : a novel
Trouble with mom
Please don't tell my parents I blew up the Moon
Before we say goodbye
Judy Moody & Stink : The wishbone wish
Ceremony and symbolism in the Japanese home
Handbook of family religious education
The last original wife : a novel
The vanishing point
Please don't tell my parents I've got henchmen
Generational value shift in the Sinebrychoff family : A studyof late-empire Russian capitalists
Peppa loves Christmas
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Nothing can frighten a bear
Innocent, yet ambitious : childhood in 19th century America as depicted in Louisa May Alcott's Little Women series
All about the hype
Family analysis : readings and replication of selected studies
Effects of ICT connectedness, permeability, flexibility, and negative spillovers on burnout and job and family satisfaction
Mothering justice : working with mothers in criminal and social justice settings
Japan's new middle class : the salary man and his family in a Tokyo suburb
The Cleveland show. Kausi 1
Handbook of marriage and the family
Fool's assassin
Dark places : a novel
School engagement in three Senegalese secondary schools
Little Miss Sunshine
The dream of the red chamber
Vn : the first machine dynasty
Introduction to family processes
Okay for now
Salt and saffron
The politics and programs of family policy : United States and European perspectives : papers prep. for and discussions held during the Notre Dame International Seminar on Family Policy, March 1978
Family as a theme in Japanese film
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Kindred matters : rethinking the philosophy of the family
Wives and daughters
A lowcountry wedding
Another love
The child diary as a research tool
Children in families : research and policy
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Aspects of the analysis of family structure
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
Free four : Tobias tells the Divergent knife-throwing scene
The Lauras
Modern family. The complete second season
House of dreams
Solar bones
How to train your parents
Breaking the frames : snapshooting the genre of family photography and ways of using it
Heir to the duke
Family careers : developmental change in families
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
A spool of blue thread
"A monumental new novel from the bestselling author of Everything Is Illuminated and Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close    In the book of Genesis, when God calls out, "Abraham!" to order him to sacrifice his son Isaac, Abraham responds, "Here I am." Later, when Isaac calls out, "My father!" to ask him why there is no animal to slaughter, Abraham responds, "Here I am." How do we fulfill our conflicting duties as father, husband, and son; wife and mother; child and adult? Jew and American? How can we claim our own identities when our lives are linked so closely to others'? These are the questions at the heart of Jonathan Safran Foer's first novel in eleven years--a work of extraordinary scope and heartbreaking intimacy. Unfolding over four tumultuous weeks, in present-day Washington, D.C., Here I Am is the story of a fracturing family in a moment of crisis. As Jacob and Julia and their three sons are forced to confront the distances between the lives they think they want and the lives they are living, a catastrophic earthquake sets in motion a quickly escalating conflict in the Middle East. At stake is the very meaning of home--and the fundamental question of how much life one can bear. Showcasing the same high-energy inventiveness, hilarious irreverence, and emotional urgency that readers and critics loved in his earlier work, Here I Am is Foer's most searching, hard-hitting, and grandly entertaining novel yet. It not only confirms Foer's stature as a dazzling literary talent but reveals a mature novelist who has fully come into his own as one of the most important writers of his generation. "--
Catherine and Laurence Anholt's big book of families
The challenge faced by family businesses and their stakeholders, is to recognise the issues that they face, understand how to develop strategies to address them and more importantly, to create narratives, or family stories that explain the emotional dimension of the issues to the family. The most intractable family business issues are not the business problems the organisation faces, but the emotional issues that compound them. Applying psychodynamic concepts will help to explain behaviour and will enable the family to prepare for life cycle transitions and other issues that may arise. Here is a new understanding and a broader perspective on the human dynamics of family firms with two complementary frameworks, psychodynamic and family systematic, to help make sense of family run organisations. Although this book includes a conceptual section, it is first and foremost a practical book about the real world issues faced by business families. The book begins by demonstrating that many years of achievement through generations can be destroyed by the next, if the family fails to address the psychological issues they face. By exploring cases from famous and less well known family businesses across the world, the authors discuss entrepreneurs, the entrepreneurial family and the lifecycles of the individual and the organisation. They go on to show how companies going through change and transition can avoid the pitfalls that endanger both family and company. The authors then apply tools that will help family businesses in transition and offer their analyses and conclusions. Readers should draw their own conclusions from careful examination of the cases, identifying the problems or dilemmas faced and the options for improved business performance and family relationships. They should ask what they might have done in the given situation and what new insight into individual or family behaviour each case offers. The goal is to avoid a bitter ending.
Larger than life : a novella
Marriage and family relationships
The rights of family in islam
The Hindu family in its urban setting
The allocation of time and goods over the life cycle
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
The woman upstairs : a novel
Memory man
'I didn't realise my mother was a person until I was thirteen years old and she pulled me out of bed, put me in the back of her car, and we left home and my dad with no explanations. I thought that Ma was all that she was and all that she had ever wanted to be. I was wrong. As we made our way from Virginia to California, returning to the places where she'd lived as a child in foster care and as a teenager on the run, repaying debts and keeping promises, I learned who she was in her life-before-me - and the secrets she had kept, even from herself. But when life on the road began to feel normal I couldn't forget the home we'd left behind, couldn't deny that, just like my mother, I too had unfinished business.'
Seven rules on having a happy marriage along with work
As chimney sweepers come to dust : a Flavia de Luce novel
Xiao pi hai ri ji. 7, Cong tian er jiang de ju zhai = Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, the third wheel
Challenges for future family policies in the Nordic countries
To all the boys I've loved before
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
Enterprising women : ethnicity, economy, and gender relations
Families : celebration and hope in a world of change
La famiglia : the ideology of Sicilian family networks
The paradox of sustainable development : a conceptual framework for sustainability-driven family entrepreneurship from socio-emotional wealth perspective
Xiao pi hai ri ji. 10, Pi gu zhao pian feng bo = Diary of a wimpy kid. 10, Old school
Natchez burning
Living arrangements and their association to physical function at the ages of 90 and over
Journey of the phoenix : overseas study and women's changing position in China
Sibling identity and relationships : sisters and brothers
The family on trial : special relationships in modern political thought
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
Works of Louisa May Alcott
The stray dog
Split second
Saint anything
Between shades of gray
The family business on the couch : a psychodynamic-systems perspective
Clover Quinn was a surprise. She used to imagine she was the good kind, now she's not sure. She'd like to ask Dad about it, but growing up in the saddest chapter of someone else's story is difficult. She tries not to skate on the thin ice of his memories. Dad rarely mentions her mother, but the second bedroom is still full of her belongings. This summer, while Dad drives the number 300 bus back and forth to Liverpool, Clover will unpack her mother's things and curate an exhibition - it's her turn to surprise him.
Antoine meets Natalie, the woman of his dreams. They have two children and Antoine thrives in his work for an insurance company, investigating claims to reduce his firm's pay-outs. But soon Natalie drifts away from him, beginning an affair, and Antoine loses his job when he lets his heart overrule his head.
Secrecy
A modern introduction to the family
Whispers in the village
Family and kinship in modern Britain : an introduction
To the lighthouse
Somali parents' experiences of bringing up children in Finland : exploring social-cultural change within migrant households
Here I am : a novel
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
Changing family institution challenges family policy making in Estonia
Cuddle up now, little one, let's snuggle wing-to-wing. Are you feeling safe and warm? Ok then, let's begin. Join Little Owl and Big Owl as they cuddle up at bedtime, thinking of the special times they've had together and all the exciting adventures the future holds.
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Household and family in past time : comparative studies in the size and structure of the domestic group (over the last thre centuries in England, France, Serbia, Japan and colonial North America, with further materials from Western Europe)
The family in history : interdisciplinary essays
The darling buds of May
"The best of both worlds" : bilingual family life according to Finnish and English-speaking parents in Finland and the United Kingdom
More people to love me
Family support : direction from diversity
Governance in immigrant family businesses : enterprise, ethnicity and family dynamics
The family : a sociological interpretation
A year after arresting Jason Medina for the rape and murder of his step-daughter, Detective Inspector Amaia Salazar has one last duty to complete before starting her maternity leave attending Medina's trial. Then the trial is suddenly called off.
Once a year, on All Souls' Day, it is said in Ireland that the dead may return. 'Solar Bones' is the story of one such visit. Set in the west of Ireland as the recession is about to strike, this novel is a portrait of one man's experience when his world threatens to fall apart. Marcus Conway, a middle-aged engineer, turns up one afternoon at his kitchen table and considers the events that took him away and then brought him home again.
Readings on the family and society
"How you were left to your fate" : the responses of two sisters to the surrounding societies in Brick Lane (2003) by Monica Ali
Franny and Zooey
Love you hoo
Ready or not
The hurricane
iD : the second machine dynasty
The family in Soviet Russia
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Simpsons comics wingding
Family snaps : the meanings of domestic photography
Do not wash this bear
The Legacy of the Bones
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
Happy spouses, happy parents? : family relationships among Finnish and Dutch dual earners
The museum of you
Simpsons comics : Helsinki
The summer girls
The second silence
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
Building value-based family enterprise culture : a family perspective
Family variables : conceptualization, measurement, and use
The haunting
Travel with children : from short breaks to round-the-world adventures
The futures of the family
Sons and lovers
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
The concept of the good in the context of family entrepreneurship culture : entre-pology of Russian family-owned businesses
Father Bear comes home
Families in society : the journal of contemporary social services
Supervillains do not merely play hooky.  True, coming back to school after a month spent fighting - and defeating - adult superheroes is a bit of a comedown for the Inscrutable Machine. When offered the chance to skip school in the most dramatic way possible, Penelope Akk can't resist. With the help of a giant spider and mysterious red goo, she builds a spaceship and flies to Jupiter.  Mutant goats. Secret human colonies. A war between three alien races with humanity as the prize. Robot overlords and evil plots. Penny and her friends find all this and more on Jupiter's moons, but what they don't find are any heroes to save the day.  Fortunately, they have an angry eleven year old and a whole lot of mad science...
Branding a family business
Cross-national family research
For Cora Kensington, the journey of a lifetime has taken unexpected turns. And her future - her very life - depends on the decisions she'll make at each crossroad. As the Grand Tour with her newfound family winds through France, Austria, and Italy, an unseen enemy trails close behind. And a forbidden love continues to put everyone's plans at risk. Cora must escape the bonds of the past and discover the faith to make the right choices...because each one has grave consequences.
What would middle school be like if half your classmates had super powers? It's time for Penny Akk to find out. Her latest (failed) attempt to become a superhero has inspired the rest of the kids in her school to reveal their own powers.  Now, all of her relationships are changing. She has a not-at-all-secret admirer, who wants to be Penny's partner almost as much as she wants to be Penny's rival. The meanest girl in school has gained super powers and lost her mind. Can Penny help her find a better one? Can she help an aging supervillain connect with his daughter, and mend the broken hearts of two of the most powerful people in the world? And in all this, where will she find time for her own supervillainous fun, or even more dangerous, to start dating?  It's going to be a long, strange semester.
About Grace
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
The things you do for love
Relativity
Family life
August : Osage County
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
Halfway home : a novel
Family policy
Transnationalism, remittances and asymmetries : multi-local family ties of Senegambian migrants in Finland
Wives and daughters : an everyday story
Children of their fathers : growing up among the Ngoni of Nyasaland
Family
Marriage and family development
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
The sundial
Everything I never told you : a novel
Family interaction
Fates and furies
Leaving the sea : stories
Furiously happy : a funny book about horrible things
We only saw happiness
Modernization, emigration and the family : the Finnish case
Palvelumenojen muutokset lapsiperheissä 1990-luvulla = Changes in service consumption expenditures of families with children in the 1990s
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
Families residing in Kallio : a choice?
Changing identities : Finnish divorcees' perceptions of a new marriage
Becoming Nicole : the extraordinary transformation of an ordinary family
Exploring marriage and the family
Supporting Family Coping in Paediatric Intensive Care
North country
The invisible web : gender patterns in family relationships
Photography as family ritual : visual narratives in a Finnish family photo album
The world of the family : a comparative study of family organizations in their social and cultural settings
The family in history
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
Narural (-ly) housewives : an oral history of growing up in Norway in the 1950s and 1960s
Sunday dinners : food, family, and faith from our favorite pastors
Family : forms and functions
Work and family : an international research perspective
All-American girl
The undertaking
