http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27970 dancehall (dance)
dancehall (dance)
Caribbean fever
Caribbean popular music : an encyclopedia of reggae, mento, ska, rock steady, and dancehall
Revolution. Chapter 1
The mystic world of Augustus Pablo : the rockers story
Hi grade ganja anthems 4
Heads high
White Mice
Many moods of Moses
Science fiction dancehall classics
Dancehall fever
The doctor
Monsters of dancehall
Inna bashment style : the roots of an urban warrior
Free up
War in a Bybylon
Inna heights
The biggest ragga dancehall anthems 2011
Let the night roar
African children
King of the Dance Hall
Generally speaking
Stick to my roots
Ragga Twins step out
Heavyweight dancehall clash
Dance hall showcase. Vol. II
Black stars : Ghana's hiplife generation
How the west was won
Cocaine in my brain : the anthology
Dancehall massive
Suffering man
Whose world is this?
Clothes drop
Tomorrow
Step out
Three wise man. Volume II
Killing sound
Mr.Brooks...a better tomorrow
Unknown language
BLNRB:  welcome to the madhouse
The real authentic sound of Studio One
Ain't gonna see us fall
DJ clash : 3 the hard way
Wild wild
Hard for it
Winter symphony:  mix volume 8
The teacher’s back
Ragga jungle anthems. Volume 1
Voice of Jamaica. Vol. 1 : Sizzla
Rub-a-dub soldiers : Rare heavyweight rub-a-dub deejay tracks
Freedom cry
Stay focus
Save us oh Jah
Never played a 45
Jamrock classics. Vol. 1
Gal wine : dancehall gems from Jamaica's dynamic duo
Dread hot in Africa
Watch how the people dancing : Unity sounds from the London dancehall, 1986-1989
JUMPING NYAHBINGHI YOUTHS: LOCAL ARTICULATIONS OF ROOTS REGGAE MUSIC IN A RASTAFARIAN DANCEHALL IN CAPE TOWN
Dutty Rock ; The Trinity
Greensleeves 12" rulers : Thompson Sound 1981-'82
Music addict
100% Dynamite! : Dancehall style
Strictly the best. 43
Dancehall : the rise of Jamaican dancehall culture
Power 96 presents Dancehall nice again 2005
The Rastafarian movement has experienced fast growth during recent years in South Africa and especially in the province of Western Cape. This article examines this process through an ethnographic account of a weekly reggae dancehall event held by the Rastafarian Marcus Garvey community in the township of Philippi in Cape Town. During the course of three months of fieldwork the author investigated how recorded Jamaican dancehall music is used in the community and how it is articulated to different Rastafarian identifications within the dancehall space. Several scholars of Rastafari have suggested that contemporary Jamaican dancehall music has had theological impact on the Rastafarian movement, particularly outside of the Caribbean. The article provides an empirical contribution to these discussions by demonstrating that Rastafarians in the Marcus Garvey community have made significant innovations both theologically and musically in relation to their Jamaican counterparts, reorienting contemporary Jamaican popular music as a spiritual practice linked to religious purity norms informed by an international Rastafarian organization, the Nyabinghi Order. As a result Jamaican dancehall music is taking a central position in various moral negotiations within the Marcus Garvey community.
Strictly the best. 37
Kingstonlogic 2.0
Burning fire
I swear : juggling
Live on the battlefield
Hot it up
Gangsta for life : the symphony of David Brooks
Hey
Channel 1 story. Chapter two
King Yellowman
Natty dread a weh she want
The winner
Real authentic reggae. Volume 1
Pharfar presents a rubadub Sunday in Copenhagen : the Food Palace allstars
Halfway tree
Escape from Babylon
Intoxication
Undisputed
Joe Gibbs productions
Dance Hall Session
Watch me dance
Ragga jungle anthems. Volume 2
The People dem
Kingston story : deluxe edition
Gully sit'n
Rule dem : the roots of the reggae messiah
Turbo charged
Barrington Levy's D.J. counteraction
Piracy funds terrorism volume 1 : mixed by Diplo
Uproot
Dancehall 2 : the rise of Jamaican dancehall culture
Strictly the best. 35
Give me the reason
Diversity
Mind control
The biggest ragga dancehall anthems 2007
Dance on the corner
Reign of fire
Play Studio One vintage
Spar with me
Sound system champions
Top ranking Santogold : a Diplo dub
