http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27911 video blogs
video blogs
Lucy Locket - online disaster
The new rules of marketing & PR : how to use social media, online video, mobile applications, blogs, news releases, and viral marketing to reach buyers directly
e-parenting : Keeping up with your tech-savvy kids
Amazing Abby : drama queen
The vlogger diaries : confessions of an internet sensation
Linguistic repair in online discourse : the study of beauty video blogs
Videoblogging for dummies
Hands-on guide to video blogging and podcasting
Learning and instruction in the digital age
Multimodal (inter)action analysis of sixteen vlogs on YouTube : a study of contact negotiation, modes, and communicative functions in vlog openings
How to be a blogger and vlogger in 10 easy lessons
Kian & JC : don't try this at home
Abstract.
Success secrets of the online marketing superstars
Success secrets of social media marketing superstars
Blogs, wikis, podcasts, and other powerful Web tools for classrooms
Offers a step-by-step action plan for harnessing the power of modern marketing and PR to communicate with buyers directly, raise visibility, and increase sales, showing how large and small companies, nonprofits, and other organizations can leverage Web-based content to get the right information to the right people at the right time for a fraction of the cost of big-budget campaigns.
Yogscast : the diggy diggy book
The amazing book is not on fire : the world of Dan and Phil
Would you like to earn millions by talking about your favourite subject? A new generation of vloggers have become millionaires by sharing make-up tutorials, comedy sketches and gaming videos. These people didn't start off with fancy equipment, expert technical knowledge or huge audiences. They are self-made. This book examines how they achieved success and provides a step by step guide to the process of finding fame and fortune online. Featuring advice from vloggers including Jim Chapman, Fleur De Force and KSI alongside business tips from YouTube CBO Robert Kyncl and Gleam Futures founder Dominic Smales, this book contains insider information about the mechanics of making money by vlogging. Subjects covered include brand-building, filming and editing equipment techniques, social media, working with talent managers, dealing with digital marketing agencies, making merchandise and negotiating with brands.
We are Dan and Phil and we invite you on a journey inside our minds! From the stories of our actual births, to exploring Phil's teenage diary and all the reasons why Dan's a fail. Learn how to draw the perfect cat whiskers, get advice on what to do in an awkward situation and discover which of our dining chairs represents you emotionally.
Amazing Abby: Drama Queen
New documentary ecologies : emerging platforms, practices and discourses
The new rules of marketing and PR : how to use social media, blogs, news releases, online video, & viral marketing to reach buyers directly
Lilly Singh : the ultimate unofficial superwoman guide
Get rich vlogging : Zoella did it. Alfie did it. Now you can do it
Get seen : online video secrets to building your business
The cult of the amateur : how today's internet is killing our culture and assaulting our economy
PewDiePie : the ultimate unofficial fan guide to the world's biggest YouTuber
