http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27964 rock paintings
rock paintings
The art of Mogao Grottoes in Dunhuang : a journey into China's Buddhist shrine
The future of rock art : a world review
Deciphering ancient minds : the mystery of San Bushman rock art
Recent rock-painting finds in Finland
Arts of the Dreaming Australia's Living Heritage
Visualising the Neolithic : abstraction, figuration, performance, representation
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
Politics, ethnography and prehistory : in search of an "informed approach" to Finnish and Karelian Stone Age rock art
Reading Finnish rock art
Images of the ice age
Aboriginal paintings from Australia
Believing and seeing : symbolic meanings in southern San rock paintings
Mir naskal'nogo iskusstva : sbornik dokladov meždunarodnoj konferencii = World of rock art : papers presented at the international conference
Rock art and landscapes : studies of stone age rock art from Northern Fennoscandia
Horned anthropomorphic figures in Finnish rock-paintings : shamans or something else?
Rock art research in Northern Europe 1995-1999
Rock painting's ancient riddle : Finnish rock paintings are messages from people who lived in the Stone and Bronze Ages
Rock paintings in Finland
The social context of the rock art in middle Scandinavia during the Neolithic
Devils and labyrinths : [introduction]
Dawn of art: the Chauvet Cave : the oldest known paintings in the world
The cave of Lascaux : the final photographs
North Norwegian rock art
English summaries.
The Valcamonica symposiums 2001 and 2002
Myanndash : rock art in the ancient Arctic
The absence of Sámi history and cultural heritage in children's education in Finland
The rock carvings of Kanozero : [notes and news]
The art of the shaman : rock art of California
The cave of Lascaux : the final photographic record
Sacred earth, sacred stones
Perceiving rock art : social and political perspectives
Spiritual treasures of ancient Karelia
Art at the rockface : the fascination of stone
The splendour of Lascaux : rediscovering the greatest treasure of prehistoric art
The boat as a symbol in Finnish rock art
Cultural atlas of France
The nature of Paleolithic art
Working with rock art : recording, presenting and understanding rock art using indigenous knowledge
Between the worlds : rock art, landscape and shamanism in subneolithic Finland
Painters of the caves
Encountering imagery : materialities, perceptions, relations
Ancient depictions of reindeer enclosures and their environment
Strange swans and odd ducks : interpreting the ambiguous waterfowl imagery of Lake Onega
Stone Age rock art and Beluga landscapes at river Vyg, north-western Russia
Maalauksia elävästä elämästä : Reijo Raekallion taide : Reijo Raekallio and his art = Paintings of life
Australia : aboriginal paintings - Arnhem land
Ceylon : paintings from temple, shrine and rock
"On the back of a blue elk" : recent ethnohistorical sources and "ambiguous" stone age rock art at Pyhänpää, central Finland
Recent developments in Finnish rock art research
The cave artists
On the sound related to painted caves and rocks
Prehistoric sanctuary at Lake Onega
Underground worlds
Finnish essays on arctic issues
Reflections on Finnish rock art and ethnohistorical data
Four hundred centuries of cave art
Mify v kamne : mir naskal'nogo iskusstva Rossii = Myths in stone : world of rock art in Russia
Shoreline displacement dating of Finnish rock painting motifs : comparison between Lake Saimaa nad Lake Päijänne
Changing pictures : rock art traditions and visions in Northern Europe
Appreciation of Dunhuang Grottoes : a selection of 50 caves: from the Mogao grottoes, Yulin grottoes and Western-Thousand Buddha grottoes
Painted horses
Open-air rock-art conservation and management : state of the art and future perspectives
Shoreline displacement chronology of rock paintings at Lake Saimaa, eastern Finland
Chauvet Cave : The Discovery of the Worlds Oldest Paintings
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 1, History of art : Paleolithic art - Etruscan art
Goes to the heart of contemporary arguments about the "primitive" and the "modern" minds, and draws new social, anthropological, and ethnographic conclusions about the nature of ancient societies.
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
The Saami shaman drum
Ambiguous images : gender and rock art
Kalliomaalaukset : muinainen kuva-arkisto = Paintings on rock : an ancient picture archive
"A war is coming, a battle that will stretch from the prehistoric forests of the ancient past to the cutting-edge research labs of today. In the remote mountains of Croatia, an archaeologist makes a strange discovery: a subterranean Catholic chapel, hidden for centuries, holds the bones of a Neanderthal woman. In the same cavern system, elaborate primitive paintings tell the story of an immense battle between tribes of Neanderthals and monstrous shadowy figures. Who is this mysterious enemy depicted in these ancient drawings, and what do the paintings mean? Before any questions can be answered, the investigative team is attacked, while at the same time, a bloody assault is made upon a primate research center outside of Atlanta. How are these events connected? Who is behind these attacks? The search for the truth will take Commander Gray Pierce of Sigma Force 50,000 years into the past. As he and Sigma trace the evolution of human intelligence to its true source, they will be plunged into a cataclysmic battle for the future of humanity that stretches across the globe. and beyond. With the fate of our future at stake, Sigma embarks on its most harrowing odyssey ever--a breathtaking quest that will take them from ancient tunnels in Ecuador that span the breadth of South America to a millennia-old necropolis holding the bones of our ancestors. Along the way, revelations involving the lost continent of Atlantis will reveal true mysteries tied to mankind's first steps on the moon. Gray Pierce and his team will face their greatest threat: an ancient evil, resurrected by modern genetic science, strong enough to bring about the end of man's dominance on this planet. Only this time, Sigma will falter--and the world we know will change forever."
A radiocarbon-dated rock painting in Finland?
Pleistocene palaeoart of the world
African rock art : paintings and engravings on stone
A touch of red : archaeological and ethnographic approaches to interpreting Finnish rock paintings
Hearing and touching rock art : Finnish rock paintings and the non-visual
Reading Finnish Rock Art : [lektio]
New rock carvings from the Peri Nos VI Cape on Lake Onega : [notes and news]
Cave art
The bone labyrinth
Myths about rock art
Lost civilizations : rediscovering the great cultures of the past
The snake and zig-zag motifs in finnish rock-paintings and saami drums
