http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27993 landmarks
landmarks
Insignia of world war II
Stamps of the world. 2013, 2 : Countries Chile-Georgia
Conservation of historic graveyards seminar : abstracts
Stamps of the world. 2014, 4 : Countries Jersey-New Republic
The merry cemetery : a sentimental monograph
Sites of popular music heritage : memories, histories, places
"This volume examines the location of memories and histories of popular music and its multiple pasts, exploring the different 'places' in which popular music can be situated, including the local physical site, the museum storeroom and exhibition space, and the digitized archive and display space made possible by the internet. Contributors from a broad range of disciplines such as archive studies, popular music studies, media and cultural studies, leisure and tourism, sociology, museum studies, communication studies, cultural geography, and social anthropology visit the specialized locus of popular music histories and heritage, offering diverse set of approaches.^
Stamps of the world. 2013 [i.e 2014], 2 : Countries Chile-Georgia
Great natural wonders of the world : maailman luonnonihmeet
Facit 1970 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
Researching your graveyard
Stamps of the world. 2005, volume 3 : Countries K-R
China's splendors
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Stamps of the world. 2007, volume 2 : Countries D-H
Nordicana : 100 Icons of Scandi Culture & Nordic Cool
Stamps of the world. 2009, volume 4 : Countries N-R
summary.
Stamps of the world. 2013, 4 : Countries Jersey-New Republic
Dutch moderne : graphic design from De Stijl to deco
Creating passion brands : getting to the heart of branding
Stamps of the world. 2009, volume 2 : Countries D-H
Stamps of the world. 2014, 3 : Countries German Commands-Jasdan
Michel. 2006 : Gulf States Catalogue
The stamp atlas
Stamps of the world. 2009, volume 3 : Countries I-M
Stamps of the world. 2013, 6 : Countries Sirmoor-Zululand
Traction in action : Valtra's six decades
Fascinating footnotes from history
Cemeteries of Europe : a historical heritage to appreciate and restore
The natural navigator : the art of reading nature's own signposts
The world encyclopedia of tractors & farm machinery
1001 natural wonders you must see before you die
Stamps of the world. 2007, volume 3 : Countries I-M
Atlas of the European novel, 1800-1900
Death and mourning rituals in online environments : lectio praecursoria 8.8.2014
Orders and decorations of the Netherlands
Air force badges and insignia of world war 2
Facit 1972 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
Stamps of the world. 2009, volume 1 : Countries A-C
Brandjack : how your reputation is at risk from brand pirates and what to do about it
Saccular middle cerebral artery aneurysms : state-of-the-art classification and microsurgery
Sources of financial assistance for the conservation of Scotland's historic graveyards
Stamps of the world. 2013, 5 : Countries New South Wales-Singapore
Insignia, decorations and badges of the Third Reich and occupied countries
Stamps of the world. 2013, 1 : Countries Abu Dhabi-Charkhari
"Is Hitler bigger than Napoleon? Washington bigger than Lincoln? Picasso bigger than Einstein? Quantitative analysts are rapidly finding homes in social and cultural domains, from finance to politics. What about history? In this fascinating book, Steve Skiena and Charles Ward bring quantitative analysis to bear on ranking and comparing historical reputations. They evaluate each person by aggregating the traces of millions of opinions, just as Google ranks webpages. The book includes a technical discussion for readers interested in the details of the methods, but no mathematical or computational background is necessary to understand the rankings or conclusions. Did you know: - Got a spare billion dollars, and want to be remembered forever? Your best investment is to get a university named after you. - Women remain significantly underrepresented in the historical record compared to men and have long required substantially greater achievement levels to get equally noted for posterity. - The long-term prominence of Elvis Presley rivals that of the most famous classical composers. Roll over Beethoven, and tell Tchaikovsky the news! Along the way, the authors present the rankings of more than one thousand of history's most significant people in science, politics, entertainment, and all areas of human endeavor. Anyone interested in history or biography can see where their favorite figures place in the grand scheme of things. While revisiting old historical friends and making new ones, you will come to understand the forces that shape historical recognition in a whole new light"--
Stamps of the world. 2007, volume 1 : Countries A-C
Emergency measures for historic memorials : a short guide for cemetery managers
Stamps of the world. 2007, volume 5 : Countries S-Z
Stamps of the world. 2014, 5 : Countries New South Wales-Singapore
The world encyclopedia of tractors
Facit 1967 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialised catalogue of Scandinavian stamps
Stamps of the world. 2009, volume 5 : Countries S-Z
Army badges and insignia of World War 2 : Great Britain, Poland, Belgium, Italy, U.S.S.R., U.S.A., Germany
FACIT SPECIAL 1997-1998
Popular music studies has increasingly engaged with popular music histories, exploring memory processes and considering identity, collective and cultural memory, and notions of popular culture's heritage values, yet few accounts have spatially located such trends to focus on the spaces and places where we encounter and engender our relationship with popular music's history and legacies. This book offers a timely re-evaluation of such sites, reinserting them into the narratives of popular music and offering new perspectives on their function and significance within the production of popular music heritage.Bringing together recent research based on extensive fieldwork from scholars of popular music studies, cultural sociology, and museum studies, alongside the new insights of practice-based considerations of current practitioners within the field of popular music heritage, this is the first collection to address the interdisciplinary interest in situating popular music histories, heritages, and pasts. The book will therefore appeal to a wide and growing academic readership focused on issues of heritage, cultural memory, and popular music, and provide a timely intervention in a field of study that is engaging scholars from across a broad spectrum of disciplinary backgrounds and theoretical perspectives"--
Facit 1973 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
Scotland : a literary guide for travellers
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
Analysing landmarks in nature and elements of geospatial images to support wayfinding
Who's bigger? : where historical figures really rank
Export and import of sporting goods
Kõpu tuletorni lugu = A history of the Kõpu lighthouse
Facit 1971 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
Stamps of the world. 2014, 6 : Countries Sirmoor-Zululand
Stamps of the world. 2007, volume 4 : Countries N-R
Stamps of the world. 2013, 3 : Countries German Commands-Jasdan
Crown and realm : a review of the British Empire, its builders and rulers
Masterworks of man and nature : preserving our world heritage
Stamps of the world. 2014, 1 : Countries Abu Dhabi-Charkhari
