http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27978 glucocorticoids
glucocorticoids
Androgen receptor-mediated gene activation in prostate cancer cells
Glucocorticoid receptors in inflammatory skin diseases:the effect of systemic and topical glucocorticoid treatment on the expression of GRα and GRβ
Genome-wide analysis of androgen receptor function in prostate cancer
Bone health, body composition and adipokines in juvenile idiopathic arthritis
Glucocorticoids are the most important and widely used treatment modality in dermatology. A large variety of topical as well as systemic preparations is available. Most patients treated with glucocorticoids respond quickly to the treatment, but some are considered insensitive or even resistant to glucocorticoid therapy. Currently, there is no known measurable variable, through which the response can be predicted.Glucocorticoids mediate their actions through glucocorticoid receptors (GR). Several isoforms of GR exist, but the α (GRα) and β (GRβ) isoforms are clinically the most important. Based on previous studies, it has been proposed that the abundance of GR isoforms or the GRβ: GRα –ratio could affect individual responsiveness to corticosteroid treatment. In particular, up-regulation of GRβ expression has been shown to be linked to resistance to corticosteroid treatment.This thesis comprises three sub-studies. Firstly, we wanted to determine whether GRα and GRβ are expressed in inflammatory skin diseases. Secondly, we examined if the expression is altered by corticosteroid treatment in eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis. Finally, we measured the effects of a topical vitamin D3 analogue (calcipotriol) combined with betamethasone compared with betamethasone monotherapy on inflammatory biomarkers of psoriasis.Our studies provide detailed novel data about the expression of GRα and GRβ. GRα and GRβ were shown to be expressed in the blood lymphocytes and lesional skin of patients with eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis, as well as in the skin of patients with eczema nummulare, lichen simplex chronicus and lichen ruber planus. Systemic corticosteroid treatment was shown to affect the expression of GRα and GRβ in eczema atopicum and bullous pemphigoid, but the inconsistent variation in their expression between patients prevented us from drawing firm conclusions. Neither GRα nor GRβ as a single marker were found to be a suitable predictor of corticosteroid responsiveness. Clinical and laboratory analyses showed that topical treatment of psoriasis with calcipotriol/betamethasone combination ointment is more beneficial measured by both than betamethasone monotherapy.
Genome-wide regulation of glucocorticoid signaling by SUMO modifications
Abstract.
Aging and endocrinology
This timely volume provides a comprehensive overview of glucocorticoids and their role in regulating many aspects of physiology and their use in the treatment of disease. The book is broken into four sections that begin by giving a general introduction to glucocorticoids and a brief history of the field. The second section will discuss the effects of glucocorticoids on metabolism, while the third section will cover the effects of glucocorticoids on key tissues. The final section will discuss general topics, such as animal models in glucocorticoid research and clinical implications of glucocorticoid research. Featuring chapters from leaders in the field, this volume will be of interest to both researchers and clinicians.
Changes in bone mineral content in the lumbar spine and femoral neck in rheumatoid arthritis and juvenile idiopathic arthritis - focusing on long-term disease duration, premenopausal women, young adults, disease activity, and use of osteoporosis drugs
The initial treatment strategy and the long-term outcome of early rheumatoid arthritis with special interest in the FIN-RACo trial and the current Finnish practice
Cardiac sarcoidosis and giant cell myocarditis in Finland
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
Studies of experimental biomarkers during glucocorticoid and anti-tumor necrosis factor-alpha therapy in inflammatory bowel disease and juvenile idiopathic arthritis
Glucocorticoid Signaling : From Molecules to Mice to Man
Genetic background of spontaneous preterm birth and lung diseases in preterm infants : studies of potential susceptibility genes and polymorphisms
Interactions of inhaled glucocorticoids : CYP3A4 inhibitors increase the risk of systemic adverse effects
Glucocorticoid receptors in inflammatory skin diseases : the effect of systemic and topical glucocorticoid treatment on the expression of GRα and GRβ
Effect of perioperative dexamethasone on surgical site healing in patients with facial fractures
Epidemiology of comorbidities in early rheumatoid arthritis with emphasis on cardiovascular disease
Glucocorticoids and development of gastrointestinal function : a comparative evaluation in mammals, with particular emphasis on the pig
Juvenile idiopathic arthritis : studies on associated autoimmune diseases ad drug therapy
Basic and clinical aspects of neuroendocrine immunology in rheumatic diseases
Endocrine and Neuropsychiatric Disorders
