http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2797 couple relationship
couple relationship
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
The fate of the artist : an autobiographical novel, with typographical anomalies, in which the author does not appear as himself
Strangers in paradise. Pocket edition 3
Getting back out there : secrets to successful dating and finding true love after the big breakup
Autonomic nervous system responses during a relationship enrichment intervention
If it hurts, it isn't love : secrets of successful relationships
On a wing and a prayer
Since being widowed two years ago, Kitty Cateril has been trapped in her late husband's home, where she is expected to mourn forever. Desperate to escape, Kitty will consider any option even a hasty marriage to a stranger with no intention of abandoning his bachelor ways. London life suits Beau Braydon, especially his work keeping Britain safe. So when he inherits the title of Viscount Dauntry, he has no intention of resettling on a rural estate. He can't resist the opportunity to marry a sensible widow who can manage Beauchamp Abbey for him until he realizes Kitty is more than he bargained for...
Two for joy
Where
Men are from Mars, women are from Venus : the definitive guide to relationships
The secrets of enduring love
Discussions on intimate partner violence and electrodermal activity in couple therapy
Love : the psychology of attraction
This man confessed
The secret daughter of the head of an infamous Skilled crime family, Sera Brandt has hidden her past, her potential and especially her powers. But when a tragedy strikes her other family, Sera needs justice. And the only way to get it is to reveal her heritage and take the reins of the Tower Syndicate from her cunning and malicious aunt.
Uncoupling : how to survive and thrive after breakup & divorce
The alpha woman meets her match : how today's strong women can find love and happiness without settling
Mating in captivity : reconciling the erotic and the domestic
Honeymoon
Perspectives on marital interaction
Bridget Jones's diary
The self-perceived commitment and relationship maintenance behaviors among Finnish-Chinese couples in Finland : an application of the investment model in intercultural romantic relationship studies
No baggage : a tale of love & wandering
Wabi sabi love : the ancient art of finding perfect love in imperfect relationships
Equal partnering : a feminine perspective
Dirty Rowdy Thing
Together forever? : the gay guide to good relationships
Modern romance
The favorite
The collected Strangers in paradise. Volume 1
"A thousand-story tower stretching into the sky. A glittering vision of the future where anything is possible -- if you want it enough. Welcome to Manhattan, 2118. A hundred years in the future, New York is a city of innovation and dreams. Everyone there wants something ... and everyone has something to lose." -- From dustjacket.
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
Gay relationships
A book certain to appeal to many readers. Experts discuss the intricacies of maintaining a positive affirming relationship. Entire sections of this large and impressive 300-page anthology cover the gamut of gay relationships, including what can go right - or what can go wrong, where to look for lovers, what it takes to maintain a gay relationship, how to solve problems in a relationship, difficulties in role expectations, depression, excessive drinking, and much more.
The winter war
Sexual communication among intercultural couples with a Finnish partner
With a fresh, sympathetic and reassuring approach, Uncoupling provides tried-and-tested advice that will help anyone going through a break-up. It is the book that Sara looked for - and couldn't find - when going through the process herself, so she is only too well aware how few places people feel they can turn to for compassionate and practical advice. Uncoupling combines Sara's extensive training in life-coaching techniques, her cutting-edge work with those who are themselves 'uncoupling', and her own personal experience. Her advice will show you how to navigate the pitfalls and will make the process easier. It is all about being in emotional control and Uncoupling will help you build your personal strength so that you can deal with the rollercoaster of emotions more effectively, enabling you to move forwards. It is all about putting you back in control.
It'a about your husband
A married man
Practicing the power of now : essential teachings, meditations, and exercises from The power of now
Despite their rowdy hookups, Harlow and Finn don't even like each other...which would explain why their marriage lasted only twelve hours. He needs to be in charge and takes whatever he wants. She lives by the Want-something-done? Do-it-yourself mantra. Maybe she's too similar to the rugged fisherman-or just what he needs.
Springtime : a ghost story
Partnership in Europe : its variety, trends and dissolution : a section of a work in progress
Strangers in paradise. Pocket edition 2
Courtship
A matter of life and death, or, how to wean a man off football
The handmaid's tale
The power of now : a guide to spiritual enlightenment
The turning point
This should be written in the present tense
How can I ever trust you again? : infidelity : from discovery to recovery in seven steps
Textbook of family and couples therapy : clinical applications
The valuable textbooks : a study on relationship values and attitudes in an EFL-textbook series
WTF are men thinking? : 250,000 men tell the truth about what women really want to know
Love by numbers : the hidden facts behind everyone's relationships
Women after all : sex, evolution, and the end of male supremacy
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
Hot little hands
Oath bound
The boyfriend
When three college besties meet three hot guys in Vegas, anything could--and does--happen. Lola and Oliver like to congratulate themselves on having the good sense not to consummate their drunken Las Vegas marriage. In reality, Lola's wanted Oliver since day one-- falling hard for his sexy Aussie accent and easygoing ability to take her as she comes. And Oliver can't get his mind off what he didn't do with Lola when he had the chance. He knows what he wants with her now.... When Lola's graphic novel starts getting national acclaim Oliver discovers that sometimes a dark wild night in Vegas isn't just the end of a day, but the beginning of a bright new life....
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
The other half : wives of alcoholic and their socialpsychological situation
Not that kind of girl
Brush of wings
Black Rabbit Hall
Despite needing a heart transplant and against the advice of her doctor, Mary Catherine moves to Uganda to work at a new orphanage. Whatever time she has left, Mary Catherine wants to spend it helping children -- especially since there will be no children of her own. The only problem is Major League Baseball player Marcus Dillinger, the man she never meant to fall in love with. Neither Marcus nor Mary Catherine's other friends -- Tyler Ames and Sami Dawson -- know just how serious her heart condition is. Still, Marcus is sure in the depths of his soul that something isn't right. Ultimately his correspondence with Mary Catherine leads him on a desperate life-or-death mission to rescue her and get her to a United States hospital before time runs out. Meanwhile, Sami and Tyler struggle with issues of their own. In a season when Tyler plans to ask Sami to marry him, the very core of their relationship is in jeopardy
One wish
Identity
Annie Harlow seems to have it all, a handsome husband and their fabulous life in Manhattan. But all of that is snatched away when she is involved is a life-changing accident. Awakening from a coma a year later, Annie finds that the life she knew has crumbled away. In the throes of grief, Annie grasps her new reality - she has to start over from scratch, which means heading home to the family farm. Annie couldn't wait to escape the small town where she grew up, but now she finds herself warming to the close-knit community and its homespun values. There's also a face from the distant past - Donovan Lynch - and all the reasons she's never quite forgotten him come flooding back. Annie expects to pull herself together and return to the city, but fate has other plans and she's about to discover why there really is no place like home...
"With the geeky paradise of Amamizu-kan threatened by redevelopment plans, Tsukimi and Amars must spring into action. But the wily Inari-san and her hold on Shu forces Kuranosuke to pull out all the stops: money, blackmail, and ... fashion?! Though Amamizu-kan still struggles with Kuranosuke's stylish ways, the neighborhood fashionista has too much to lose, whether it's a hidden identity or priceless friendships. Tsukimi gets the chance to make her jellyfish dreams into a glamorous reality, but that means breaking out of her bubble! Can these misfit princesses save their castle?" -- Back cover.
The perfect couple?
The mystery of Mercy Close
The course of love : a novel
An intimate relationship in the shadow of narcissism : what is it like to live with a narcissistic spouse?
The art of seduction
Will you still love me tomorrow?
The thousandth floor
The hero
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
Other people's marriages
Family Violence is a comprehensive, multi-disiplinary work that brings together in one source many findings from years of scientific research. Dr. Pagelow introduces various theories of the cuases of family violence; in addition she explores child abuse and neglects, spouse abuse, adolescent abuse, abuse of elderly partents, and the various types of sexual abuse in the family. The work is a summary of research in sociology, psychology, law, women's studies, family studies, social work, medicine, and counseling. It is essential reading for social workers, counselors, and others who are concerned with the causes, identification, and prevention of the many types of family violence.
The passion paradox : what to do when one person loves more than the other
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Boundless
Strangers in paradise. Pocket edition 4
The truth : an uncomfortable book about relationships
Three things you need to know about rockets
Agentive responsibility and possibilities of conjoined therapy for intimate relationship violence
A Woman Needs a Man Like a Cat Needs a Bicycle
The twelve dates of Christmas
The marriage devotional : 365 simple ways to celebrate your love
From Invisibility to Twitter - Four Decades in the Lives of Japanese Lesbians
Everything we miss
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Couples and Family Relationships presents original articles from leading experts that link research, policy, and practice together to reflect the most current knowledge of contemporary relationships. Offers interesting new perspectives on a range of relationship issues facing twenty-first century Western society Helps those who work with couples and families facing with relationship issues Includes practical suggestions for dealing with relationship problems Explores diverse issues, including family structure versus functioning; attachment theory; divorce and family breakdown; communication and conflict; self regulation, partner regulation, and behavior change; care-giving and parenting; relationship education; and therapy and policy implications.
The Rosie project : a novel
I love you but I'm not in love with you : seven steps to saving your relationship
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
The viscount needs a wife
Too good to leave, too bad to stay : a step-by-step guide to help you decide whether to stay in or get out of your relationship
The Impact of Relationship Quality on Childbearing in Finland
Hero at large
The you I never knew
The ethical slut : a practical guide to polyamory, open relationships & other adventures
Predictors of perceived togetherness in very old men and women : a 5-year follow-up study
Creased
Crimes of the heart
August : Osage County
Relationship
Wicked sexy liar
Why does he do that? : inside the minds of angry and controlling men
Family tree
Strangers in paradise. Pocket edition 6
Making connections : readings in relational communication
The course of love
Brief encounters with couples : some analytic perspectives
The first bad man : a novel
This man
Why marriages succeed or fail : and how you can make yours last
Law of attraction
Trying to conceive  : true stories of how couples overcame infertility
Counselling couples
Into the darkest corner
Marital satisfaction as a predictor for mother's and father's prenatal attachment representations
Riding the dragon : the power of committed relationship
Annie Hall : a nervous romance
Get the guy : learn secrets of the male mind to find the man you want and the love you deserve
The art and practice of loving : 144 ways to enrich your experience of love
The big love : a novel
The 5 love languages : singles edition
Raging heat
The Finnish and Swedish partnership acts - similarities and divergencies
The science of happily ever after : what really matters in the quest for enduring love
Clumsy : a novel
Loving choices, growing experience : a relationship journey
Sex and violence : the meanings and gendering of sex acts in the treatment groups for intimately violent heterosexual men
Strangers in paradise. Pocket edition 1
The cradle snatcher
Beat the bitch : how to stop the other woman stealing your man
The wind-up bird chronicle
The 5 love languages : the secret to love that lasts
Welcome to the sensual world of This Man...Young interior designer Ava O'Shea has no idea what awaits her at the Manor. A run-of-the-mill consultation with a stodgy country gent seems likely, but what Ava finds instead is Jesse Ward - a devastatingly handsome, utterly confident, pleasure-seeking playboy who knows no boundaries. Ava doesn't want to be attracted to this man, and yet she can't control the overwhelming desire he stirs in her. She knows that her heart will never survive him and her instinct is telling her to run, but Jesse is not willing to let her go. He wants her and is determined to have her. Includes a brand-new bonus scene from Jesse's perspective.
40 days of dating
Ascension : a Tangled Axon novel
Afterburn. Aftershock
How to love : Graphic novels by Actus Comics
"When three college besties meet three hot guys in Vegas, anything can and does happen. Book Four in the New York Times Wild Seasons series that began with Sweet Filthy Boy (the Romantic Times book of the year that Sylvia Day called "a sexy, sweet treasure of a story"), Dirty Rowdy Thing, and Dark Wild Night"--
My life in black and white
"The best thing is laughing at our differences" : intercultural couples' views on their relationship and its effects on the construction of identities
The lovers : love and vengeance in Afganistan : a true story
The origin of the world
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
A good catch
Lesbian couples : a guide to creating healthy relationships
Hallowed
The bride stripped bare
Silence is not golden : review of studies of couple interaction
Princess jellyfish. 2
Premarital prediction of marital quality or breakup : research, theory and practice
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of couples and family relationships
The first wife
The perfect couple
Dialogical conversations on power abuse in couples treatment for intimate partner violence : a qualitative analysis of positions and dominance used in conversations
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
Seeing other people
The trouble with Alice
Love may fail
Family violence
All the days and nights
Strangers in paradise. Pocket edition 5
Coming home for Christmas
Using the data from the 2008 Finnish Well-Being and Social Relationship Survey I examine how relationship quality is associated with childbearing. The respondents are 25-44-year-old married and cohabiting Finns with no or one children in 2008 and who were followed up with register data in 2011. The combined data (N=1402) gives an opportunity to examine the effect of relationship quality to actual births during the period 2008-2011. Different perceptions of current relationship, relationship satisfaction and frequency and reasons of arguing are included to analysis. The independent variables controlling for structural factors include number of children, age and education, both partners childbearing intention and duration of current relationship. Results indicate that childless men in medium and high quality relationships are most likely to have children. Men (who have a child) in medium quality relationships are most likely to have more children. Relationship quality can shape childless womens childbearing in two ways. Higher relationship quality can strengthen womens intention to have a child and so impact positively on childbearing. Also high relationship quality can result less births among childless women. Women with an earlier child in medium or high quality relationships are most likely to have more children. .
Driving heat
Lovers in the age of indifference
The Manor, the very place where their passionate love affair began, fills with guests on what should be the happiest day of Ava and Jesse's lives. She has accepted that she'll never tame the fierceness in Jesse -- and she doesn't want to. Their love is profound, their connection powerful, but just when she thinks that she's finally gotten beneath his guarded exterior, more questions arise, leading Ava to believe that Jesse Ward may not be the man she thinks he is. He knows too well how to take her to a place beyond ecstasy. But will he also drive her to the brink of despair? It's time for this man to confess.
One with you
The third in a series of books featuring four young women whose lives will be forever changed by WWII. Rose Petrie is desperate to do something for the war effort. Despite the daily hardships and the nightly bombing raids, her sister, Daisy, and their friends all seem to be thriving in their war work. Rose is doing her best down at the munitions factory, but she is dealt a blow when her childhood sweetheart, Stan, tells her he doesn't feel the same way about her. Determined to get away and make a new start, Rosie decides to put her mechanical skills, learned from her father and brothers, to good use and signs up for the Women's Auxiliary Service, or ATS. But Rose discovers that delivering fruit and veg in her father's greengrocer's van is very different to driving trucks for the army in a country under seige.
The last bachelor
Happy are the happy
Unearthly
How to catch a prince
As traditional roles of men and women continue to change, equality in a relationship is a major trouble spot for many couples. Equal Partnering is designed to help couples, married or not, understand how to achieve a balanced, equal partnership. Editor Barbara Jo Brothers presents the advice of experienced counselors and therapists. Through their feminine perspective, these professionals provide several models for improving the equality between man and woman. Each model is distinctly different and focuses on a unique approach to promoting equality in the relationship. All the models emphasize the importance of mutual empowerment in the couples relationship. This practical book shows how empowerment between a man and woman is the way to equality--the key to a successful, long-lasting, and intimate relationship. Specifically, Equal Partnering enables family and couples therapists to show how cooperation is a more expedient attitude than competition; explains basic empowerment and gender issues; explores the concept of a relationship between couples with equal partnering as a goal; and helps them understand personal as well as economic empowerment issues such as mothers receiving funds from Aid to Families With Dependent Children. An added bonus is the inclusion of an in-depth interview with Virginia Satir, the mother of family therapy and proponent of empowerment for all people.
Summer at Tiffany's
Men are from Earth, women are from Earth : a guide to winning cooperation from your spouse
Intimacy and other stories
Boys and girls
