http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27930 universal grammar
universal grammar
Language universals and linguistic complexity : three case studies in core argument marking
The language myth : why language is not an instinct
Information structure and its interfaces
Language universals and linguistic complexity : Three case studies in core argument marking
Rethinking universals : how rarities affect linguistic theory
"Language is central to our lives, the cultural tool that arguably sets us apart from other species. Some scientists have argued that language is innate, a type of unique human 'instinct' pre-programmed in us from birth. In this book, Vyvyan Evans argues that this received wisdom is, in fact, a myth. Debunking the notion of a language 'instinct', Evans demonstrates that language is related to other animal forms of communication; that languages exhibit staggering diversity; that we learn our mother tongue drawing on general properties and abilities of the human mind, rather than an inborn 'universal' grammar; and that, ultimately, language and the mind reflect and draw upon the way we interact with others in the world. Compellingly written and drawing on cutting-edge research, The Language Myth sets out a forceful alternative to the received wisdom, showing how language and the mind really work"--
Bi-directionality in the cognitive science : avenues, challenges, and limitations
Psycholinguistic approaches to meaning and understanding across languages
Typology and universals
The origins of vowel systems
In linguistics, one of the main areas of modern research involves the capabilities and possibilities of there being a "lingua cosmica," a LINCOS, a universal language that could be used to communicate with non-human intelligences. This book, touches on the area of the development and use of a "lingua universalis" for interstellar communication, but it also presents concepts that cover a broad area of linguistics. Chomsky's paradigm on universal properties of natural languages, for a long time a leading general theory of natural languages, includes the strong assumption that humans are born with some kind of universals stored in their brains. Are there universals of this kind of language used by intelligent beings and societies elsewhere in the universe? We do not know whether such languages exist. It seems to be impossible to determine, simply because the universe is too large for an exhaustive search. Even verification will be hard to obtain, without quite a bit of luck. This book uses astrolinguistic principles in message construction and is helpful in clarifying and giving perspective to discussions on existential questions such as these.
Astrolinguistics : design of a linguistic system for interstellar communication based on logic
Sign-based construction grammar
Universal grammar and second language acquisition
Phonology and language use
Foundations of language : brain, meaning, grammar, evolution
Linguistic typology : morphology and syntax
Semantics : primes and universals
Sign language and linguistic universals
Introducing linguistic morphology
Language universals and linguistic typology : syntax and morphology
Metaphor in culture : universality and variation
Germanic languages and linguistic universals
Constructions at work : the nature of generalization in language
Second language acquisition and universal grammar
Universals of language today
