http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27936 speaking voice
speaking voice
Bushspeak : the curious wit & wisdom of George W. Bush
Communication acoustics : an introduction to speech, audio, and psychoacoustics
Signals and systems for speech and hearing
Assessment of communication disorders in adults
Neural basis of speech sound discrimination from infancy to adulthood
Normal aspects of speech, hearing, and language
Dumbstruck : a cultural history of ventriloquism
The phonetic description of voice quality
Clinical measurement of speech and voice
Recording voiceover : the spoken word in media
Abstract.
Never give in! : Winston Churchill's greatest speeches
"This book aims to convey to engineering students and researchers alike the relevant knowledge about the nature of acoustics, sound and hearing that will enable them to develop new technologies in this area through acquiring a thorough understanding of how sound and hearing works. There is currently no technical book available covering the communication path from sound sources through medium to the formation of auditory events in the brain - this book will fill this gap in the current book literature. It discusses the multidisciplinary area of acoustics, hearing, psychoacoustics, signal processing, speech and sound quality and is suitable for use as a main course textbook for senior undergraduate and graduate courses related to audio communication systems. It covers the basics of signal processing, traditional acoustics as well as the human hearing system and how to build audio techniques based on human hearing resolution. It discusses the technologies and applications for sound synthesis and reproduction, and for speech and audio quality evaluation"--
Management of the voice and its disorders
Papers in interdisciplinary speech research : proceedings of the Speech Symposium, Szeged, 1971
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 1, Foundations
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 2, Clinical evidence
Speech science primer : physiology, acoustics, and perception of speech
Differential scalp distribution of event-related potentials (ERPs) during recognition of speaker identity and vocal affect
Vox humana : juhlakirja Aatto Sonnisen 60-vuotispäiväksi 24.12.1982 = Studies presented to Aatto Sonninen on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday, December 24, 1982
Speech and sign perception in deaf children with cochlear implants
The voice : an occupational tool : a study of teacher's classroom speech and the effects of amplification
Voice problems of children
The voice book : caring for, protecting, and improving your voice
"Does speech and language therapy work?" : a review of the literature
Clinical voice disorders : an interdisciplinary approach
Voice - speech - language : clinical communicology: its physiology and pathology
Clinical voice pathology : theory and management
This is a voice : 99 exercises to train, project and harness the power of your voice
Elina, mistress of Laukko : a novel
Hearing gestures : vocalisations as embodied projections of intentionality in designing non-speech sounds for communicative functions
The voice sourcebook
Dramatic theories of voice in the twentieth century
Brain responses to speech sounds in infants and children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
Readings in clinical spectrography of speech
The gift of speech : papers in the analysis of speech and voice
Acoustic studies of voice variation
For more than one voice : towards a philosophy of vocal expression
Voice disorders and their management
The voice book : for everyone who wants to make the most of their voice
Your body, your voice : the key to natural singing and speaking
Semioccluded vocal tract exercises : a physiologic approach for voice training and therapy
Voice in test : studies on sound level measurement and on the effects of various combinations of environmental humidity, speaking output level and body posture on voice range profiles
Speech, voice, language and cognition in individuals with spinocerebellar ataxia (SCA)
Cortical dynamics of speech perception in adverse listening conditions
An investigation into the role of exposure to speech sounds during sleep in auditory perceptual learning
Prevalence of vocal symptoms and voice disorders among teacher students and teachers and a model of early intervention
Digital multirate filter for speech sampling on a microcontroller
Talking heads : Great speeches from the first century of recorded sound
The vocal vision : views on voice by 24 leading teachers, coaches & directors
The universal sense : how hearing shapes the mind
Voice in social interaction : an interdisciplinary approach
Vocalizing with ease : a self-improvement guide
An introduction to the psychology of hearing
A voice of your own
The voice and its disorders
The role of the external laryngeal muscles in length-adjustment of the vocal cords in singing : phoniatric, roentgenologic and experimental studies of the mechanism of pitch change in the voice with special reference to the function of sternothyroid
Human factors and voice interactive systems
Speech correction : principles and methods
The purpose of this thesis was to design and analyze of multirate anti-aliasing and reconstruction filters. The design was made for narrowband speech sampling on a low-power microcontroller. The goal was to achieve feasible construction with equal performance compared to an off-the-shelf voice codec solution. Human voice production and measurement were analyzed. The frequency content of human voice was studied for optimal design. Speech is frequency encoded signal and authentic capturing requires careful signal conditioning. For narrowband speech with optimal sampling, aliasing poses a threat to the signal quality and requires filters with high roll-off. Speech sampling theory was reviewed and common sampling techniques compared for analysis to aid the design. The design used an SAR ADC, a more common ADC for microcontrollers, which was compared to a delta-sigma ADC that is usually seen in audio applications. Oversampling was used for digital anti-aliasing filter design. Analog and digital design were combined to minimize analog filter stage requirements. FIR filters were designed and analyzed in Mathworks Matlab. The filter design used multirate construction to separate decimation and interpolation stages to more compact size, thus reducing the total filter coefficient amount and computational requirements significantly. The design was realized on ARM Cortex M3 microcontroller. FIR filter instances were constructed using ARM CMSIS DSP library. The code for the project was created on free to use web-based ARM mbed IDE. Simulation and measurements showed that aliasing requirements were achieved in the designed accuracy.
Sound
The actor speaks   : voice and the performer
Designing sound  for animation
The voice and voice therapy
Speech for the stage
Vocal rehabilitation : a manual prepared for the use of graduates in medicine
The speech sciences
Assessment of voice among emerging high-risk population groups : with special emphasis on kindergarten teachers, children with laryngeal reconstruction, and workers exposed to organic dust
Voice acting for dummies
The right to speak : working with the voice
Dynamics of the singing voice
The voice clinic handbook
Is your voice telling on you? : how to find and use your natural voice
Signals, sound, and sensation
Anatomy for speech and hearing
Visible speech
The acoustic analysis of speech
Proceedings of the third Congress of the International Clinical Phonetics and Linguistics Association, 9-11 August 1993, Helsinki
Cortical processing of speech and non-speech sounds in autism and Asperger syndrome
The dynamics of speech production
Mapping techniques for voice conversion
Puheentutkimuksen alalta = Papers in speech research. 6
