http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2790 marriage
marriage
Marriage and morals
Leaving the sea : stories
"Only two can keep a secret if one of them is dead. David and Adele seem like the ideal pair. He's a successful psychiatrist, she is his picture-perfect wife who adores him. But why is he so controlling? And why is she keeping things hidden? As Louise, David's new secretary, is drawn into their orbit, she uncovers more puzzling questions than answers. The only thing that is crystal clear is that something in this marriage is very, very wrong. But Louise can't guess how wrong - and how far a person might go to protect their marriage's secrets. "--
The death of Rex Nhongo
The beautiful and damned
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
Exploring marriage and the family
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2009 : Special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki
Morning glories. Volume 10, Expulsion
Young women in Japan : transitions to adulthood
The man who loved children
A mother's guide to cheating
The 5 love languages : the secret to love that lasts
The viscount and the vixen
Mrs Dalloway
The beginning of the rest of your life? : a portrait of newly-wed marriage
Conjugal union : what marriage is and why it matters
Missing pieces
What is the best way to avoid divorce : the story you have never heard before
Bright young things
The marriage market : how do you compare?
Remarriage in old age
Married with baggage
Catching fire
Since being widowed two years ago, Kitty Cateril has been trapped in her late husband's home, where she is expected to mourn forever. Desperate to escape, Kitty will consider any option even a hasty marriage to a stranger with no intention of abandoning his bachelor ways. London life suits Beau Braydon, especially his work keeping Britain safe. So when he inherits the title of Viscount Dauntry, he has no intention of resettling on a rural estate. He can't resist the opportunity to marry a sensible widow who can manage Beauchamp Abbey for him until he realizes Kitty is more than he bargained for...
The viscount needs a wife
Adultery : a novel
Marrying off sons and daughters: attitudes towards the consent of parents and guardians in early modern Sweden
A beautiful young wife
The vegetarian : a novel
What a gentleman wants
Japanese anime and women's gender-role changing
The marriage law of the People's Republic of China
The undertaking
Dealing with differences : a study of intercultural marriages between native Finns and Nepali immigrants
A marriage of lies : how many will you have to tell...?
Hers & his : a problem solving approach to marriage
This is the story of Ally and Charlotte, whose paths have intersected over the years though they've never really been close friends. Charlotte married Ally's ex and first true love, David. Fate is about to bring them together one last, dramatic time and change their lives forever. Full of Dani's signature warmth and emotion, this is a gripping and emotional family drama. With breath-taking plot twists, Dani explores themes of serendipity, friendship and love. She fully engages the reader in the dilemmas faced by her characters. What would you do if your husband was the love of somebody else's life? And when faced with an agonising decision, could you put the past behind you and do the right thing?
The future of marriage in Denmark
Marriage Act ; Marriage Degree
Asking for the hand of the girl : marriage arrangement discourse in Turkish culture
Lectio prae cursoria for a dissertation in Speech Communication Research publically defended at the University of Jyväskylä on December 19, 2011. The main purpose of this study is to describe and to understand the intercultural couples' relationships in Finland from the relational-dialectics perspective by Baxter and Montgomery (1996). Following the interpretive research tradition, in this qualitative study, data were collected from 18 heterosexual intercultural couples (36 persons), utilizing the multi-method approach. The multi-method approach in this study includes theme interviews (5 couples), concept map interviews (six couples) and e-mail interviews (seven couples). The data were analyzed following an inductive content analysis approach. The intercultural couples in this study experienced internal and external dialectics, related respectively to intercultural adaptation, e.g. need of support, uncertainty about the future, and identity confusion issues, and to challenges of inclusion and exclusion regarding, e.g. family support, and access to a social network. Intercultural relational dialectical forces present in the intercultural couples' relationships include continual re-negotiation, cultural identity and belonging, increased sensitivity to differences and similarities, social power, social support, and uncertainty..
"Trudy has betrayed her husband, John. She's still in the marital home - a dilapidated, priceless London townhouse - but John's not here. Instead, she's with his brother, the profoundly banal Claude, and the two of them have a plan. But there is a witness to their plot: the inquisitive, nine-month-old resident of Trudy's womb. Told from a perspective unlike any other, Nutshell is a classic tale of murder and deceit from one of the world's master storytellers"--
Behind closed doors
When the duke returns
This study analyzes how the socioeconomic positions of cohabiting partners affect the transition to marriage by using information on both partners characteristics. The study uses a register-based data set compiled at Statistics Finland. The study population consists of 3,648 women born in 1966-1971 who were in a cohabiting union in January 1996, and who continued to cohabit or married their cohabiting partner during the period 1996-2003. Transition to marriage was analyzed with Cox regression model. Several control variables were included. As in previous studies, a favourable socioeconomic position encouraged marriage, as marriage rate increased with higher levels of education and income. Partners relative positions also had importance, since marriage rate was low when the female partner had high and the male partner low income, and the male partners unemployment discouraged marriage especially when the female partner had no unemployment. Marriage rate was low when both partners were studying .
The exploits and adventures of miss Alethea Darcy
The marriage pact
A match for Marcus Cynster
Love begets madness.  Viscount Locksley watched it happen to his father after his cherished wife's death.  But when his sire arranges to marry flame-haired fortune hunter Portia Gadstone,  Locke is compelled to take drastic measures to stop the stunning beauty from taking advantage of the marquess.  A marriage of mutual pleasure could be convenient, indeed, as long as inconvenient feelings don't interfere.  Desperation forced Portia to agree to marry a madman.  The arrangement will offer the protection she needs.  Or so she believes until the marquess's distractingly handsome son peruses the fine print, and takes his father's place!  Now the sedate, and more importantly, secure union Portia planned has been tossed in favor of one simmering with wicked temptation and potential heartbreak.  Because as she begins to fall for her devilishly seductive husband, her dark secrets surface and threaten to ruin them both, unless Locke is willing to risk all and open his heart to love.
Nutshell : a novel
Morning glories. Volume 5, Tests
Dating mating and marriage today : a documentary-case approach
Rethinking marriage : public and private perspectives
The arrangement : a novel
The Picador book of wedding poems
In society circles she's known as the Watching Wallflower - shy, quiet, and certainly never scandalous. Yet beneath Lady Sarah Frampton's demure facade hides the mind of The Lady of Dubious Quality, author of the most titillating erotic fiction the ton has ever seen. Sarah knows discovery would lead to her ruin, but marriage - to a vicar, no less - could help protect her from slander. An especially tempting option when the clergyman in question is the handsome, intriguing Jeremy Cleland. Tasked with unmasking London's most scandalous author by his powerful family, Jeremy has no idea that his beautiful, innocent bride is the very woman he seeks to destroy.
The five love languages : how to express heartfelt commitment to your mate
Marriage analysis : foundations for successful family life
Finnish folklore atlas
The family and marriage in Britain : an analysis and moral assessment
The bargain
Before the war
Leaving before the rains come
A rogue of my own
George & Martha Washington : a revolutionary marriage
Tragic story of Lily Bart, a beautiful young lady caught up in the glittering but shallow and corrupt world of New York society at the turn of the 20th century.
Bride flight
This paper examines whether there has been a change in the effects of three divorce risk factors, female educational attainment, cohabitation, and parity. Several theoretical reasons suggest such a change, but the existing evidence gives mixed results. First marriages of Finnish women married between 1954 and 1989 are analysed using data from the Fertility and Family Surveys (FFS), collected in 1989 and 1990. The results from the discrete-time event history models show that the effect of having children on marital stability has changed: the impact of having two children has become less evident, while the effect of having three children or more has increased. These trends hold after controlling for young children and premarital children. Some explanations for this shift are discussed. .
Morning glories. Volume 9, Assembly
Love may fail
Fear of dying
Hebrew marriage : a sociological study
"How you were left to your fate" : the responses of two sisters to the surrounding societies in Brick Lane (2003) by Monica Ali
Marriage and family in the modern world : a book of readings
The medieval idea of marriage
"The best thing is laughing at our differences" : intercultural couples' views on their relationship and its effects on the construction of identities
Married love
The ugly duchess
Morning glories. Volume 8, Rivals
Why marriages succeed or fail : and how you can make yours last
The wedding wallah
Swimming lessons
Unintended pregnancy among currently pregnant maried women in Nepal
The weekend wives
American wife
This important new book creates new terms for thinking about gender and generational relationships. In so doing it recasts conventional understandings of the family as an institution for organizing labour and consumption. Delphy and Leonard present their wide-ranging theoretical discussion alongside a comparative study of the family in urban and rural areas. Theoretical innovation is consistently matched by empirical analysis of the family in diverse settings.
The kiss of deception
Fates and furies
Marriage
Temptations of a wallflower
Local homogamy in Finland
Morning glories. Volume 7, Honors
Friday's girl
We present an update of the main and parity-specific trends in vital family-demographic behavior in Sweden presented in Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2011. Based on Swedish register data, previous time series of relative risks of childbearing, marriage, and divorce by calendar year are updated with another five years of observation. We demonstrate that more than a decade of increasing fertility levels turned into moderate fertility declines in 2011. This trend reversal pertains to all main birth orders. Marriage propensities continued to increase for mothers but stagnated for the childless. Since the turn of the century, trends in divorce risks seem to have leveled off, altogether reflecting a more prevalent role of marriage in recent Swedish family dynamics.
A rogue by any other name
Seeking a way out of the cage : underprivileged women and domestic violence in Bangladesh
Keeping faith : Muslim-Christian couples and interreligious dialogue
Why men love bitches
The secrets of Sir Richard Kenworthy
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
Not like the Gentiles : marriage rules in the Letters of Paul
Gendered violence : patterns and causes of women-to-women violence in the Lake Zone regions of Tanzania, East Africa
Marriage and family development
Divorce Risk Factors Across Finnish Marriage cohorts, 1954-1989
Communication conflict and marriage : [explorations in the theory and study of intimate relationships]
The silent misery - why marriages fail
Marriage among the religions of the world
Rock my wedding : your day, your way
The week I ruined my life
Marriage laws in Africa
Trends in Childbearing, Marriage and Divorce in Sweden: An Update with Data up to 2012.
Only beloved
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
The miner's girl
Babylonian marriage agreements : 7th-3rd centuries B. C.
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
The house of mirth
My husband's wife
Memories of a pure spring
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
Planning for marriage
Seven rules on having a happy marriage along with work
Marriage : who?when?why?
Please release me
Do the right thing
This book defends the conjugal view of marriage. Patrick Lee and Robert P. George argue that marriage is a distinctive type of community: the union of a man and a woman who have committed to sharing their lives on every level of their beings (bodily, emotionally, and spiritually) in the kind of union that would be fulfilled by conceiving and rearing children together. The comprehensive nature of this union, and its intrinsic orientation to procreation as its natural fulfillment, distinguishes marriage from other types of community and provides the basis for the norms of marital exclusivity and permanence. Lee and George detail how the basic moral norms regarding sexual acts follow from the ethical requirement to respect the good of marriage and explain how the law should treat marriage, given its conjugal nature, examining both the same-sex-marriage issue and civil divorce.
Man and wife : a source book of family attitudes, sexual behavior and marriage counseling
The island escape
The yellow houses
First comes marriage
Perspectives on marital interaction
Familiar exploitation : a new analysis of marriage in contemporary western societies
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
A winter bride
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Class in Jane Austen's novels
The story of a new name
Brides for ruin, grooms for wealth? : marriage prestations in rural Bangladesh
Dowry : a study in attitudes and practices
The abolitionists : the family and marriage under attack
Before I go to sleep : a novel
Family and marriage
A year of being single
Observing the transformation of China's first marriage pattern through net nuptiality tables : 1982-2010
Paths to marriage
When love dies : the process of marital disaffection
Handbook of marriage and the family
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
Rich bride poor bride : : your ultimate wedding planning guide
A suitable boy : a novel
Desire me always
And what do you do?
The twenty-year itch
Healthy marriages : perceptions of ordained priests at various years of ordination and marriage counselors
The Rosie project : a novel
That perfect someone
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
Bridewealth : an ethnographic study on the narratives and descriptions of the practice of bridewealth establishing its purposes, effects and consequences among the Luo, Kikuyu, Kalenjin, Meru, Kamba, Maasai, Kisii and Luhya ethnic groups in Kenya
We are not ourselves : a novel
Ready or not
American family laws : a comparative study of the family law of the forty-eight American states, Alaska, the district of Columbia, and Hawaii (to Jan. 1931). Vol. 1, [Introductory survey and marriage]
The awakening
Break in case of emergency
Half life
"A monumental new novel from the bestselling author of Everything Is Illuminated and Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close    In the book of Genesis, when God calls out, "Abraham!" to order him to sacrifice his son Isaac, Abraham responds, "Here I am." Later, when Isaac calls out, "My father!" to ask him why there is no animal to slaughter, Abraham responds, "Here I am." How do we fulfill our conflicting duties as father, husband, and son; wife and mother; child and adult? Jew and American? How can we claim our own identities when our lives are linked so closely to others'? These are the questions at the heart of Jonathan Safran Foer's first novel in eleven years--a work of extraordinary scope and heartbreaking intimacy. Unfolding over four tumultuous weeks, in present-day Washington, D.C., Here I Am is the story of a fracturing family in a moment of crisis. As Jacob and Julia and their three sons are forced to confront the distances between the lives they think they want and the lives they are living, a catastrophic earthquake sets in motion a quickly escalating conflict in the Middle East. At stake is the very meaning of home--and the fundamental question of how much life one can bear. Showcasing the same high-energy inventiveness, hilarious irreverence, and emotional urgency that readers and critics loved in his earlier work, Here I Am is Foer's most searching, hard-hitting, and grandly entertaining novel yet. It not only confirms Foer's stature as a dazzling literary talent but reveals a mature novelist who has fully come into his own as one of the most important writers of his generation. "--
The impact of Christianity on the structure of Annang traditional marriage
The relationship between marital status and subjective well-being : consistency, variations, and causal explanations
The pleasure seekers
The island
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
Bound by marriage
The headmaster's wife
The heart of Betrayal
A thousand splendid suns
Heartless
Love does not retire : not even after a half century of marriage
"If my daughter runs away, I will drink poison" : (In)dividual honour and the gendered nature of child marriage in southern Rajasthan, India
Partnership in Europe : its variety, trends and dissolution : a section of a work in progress
Fear of flying
Then comes seduction
Longbourn : a novel
Growth counseling for marriage enrichment : pre-marriage and the early years
When the doves disappeared : a novel
The course of love : a novel
Demelza : a novel of Cornwall, 1788-1790
'Whom God hath joined together' : the work of marriage guidance
Here I am : a novel
Builders of a new Europe : women immigrants from the eastern trans-regions
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
Principles of family law
That loving feeling
Redefining the legal and canonical role of the old believers marriage in 19th century Russia : a history of one case
Cohabiting Partners’ Socioeconomic Characteristics and the Transition to Marriage in Finland
The playroom
Brides are not for burning : dowry victims in India
