http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p27938 netcrime
netcrime
Information technology law
Counterterrorism and cybersecurity : total information awareness
Industrial network security
The death of the Internet
Secrets and lies : digital security in a networked world
The death of the internet
Creating a safer information society : National Information Security Advisory Board report submitted to the Government on 14 December 2004.
Security warrior
Cybercrime : an introduction
Darkmarket : how hackers became the new mafia
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutions for the school, the classroom and the home
Dissecting the hack : the f0rb1dd3n network
Risky business : protect your business form being stalked, conned, or blackmailed on the Web
Stealing the network : how to own a shadow : the chase for Knuth
Internet site security
Cyber crime, security and digital intelligence
Cybersecurity and cybercrime in the 21st century
Electronic theft : unlawful acquisition in cyberspace
Criminal evidence in the network society: new problems, new solutions?
Identity theft handbook : detection, prevention, and security
Bit Bang IV : future of internet : societal, business, governance and technological aspects
Incident response & computer forensics
Malware : fighting malicious code
Computer security : protecting digital resources
Cyberattack cybercrime cyberwarfare - cybercomplacency : is Hollywood's blueprint for chaos coming true
Computer law
Cyber security for decision makers
Hacking exposed(TM) VoIP : Voice over IP security secrets & solutions
Information systems today
Computer crimes, cyber-terrorism, child pornography and financial crimes : reports presented to the Preparatory colloquy for the Round Table II of the 17th International Congress of Penal Law (Beijing, 2004), Athens, April 10/11, 2003
The definitive guide to incident response--updated for the first time in a decade! Thoroughly revised to cover the latest and most effective tools and techniques, Incident Response & Computer Forensics, Third Edition arms you with the information you need to get your organization out of trouble when data breaches occur. This practical resource covers the entire lifecycle of incident response, including preparation, data collection, data analysis, and remediation. Real-world case studies reveal the methods behind--and remediation strategies for--today's most insidious attacks. Architect an infrastructure that allows for methodical investigation and remediation Develop leads, identify indicators of compromise, and determine incident scope Collect and preserve live data Perform forensic duplication Analyze data from networks, enterprise services, and applications Investigate Windows and Mac OS X systems Perform malware triage Write detailed incident response reports Create and implement comprehensive remediation plans.
Defeating the hacker : a non-technical guide to computer security
High-tech crimes revealed : cyberwar stories from the digital front
Computer security literacy : staying safe in a digital world
Code hacking : a developer's guide to network security
DarkMarket : cyberthieves, cybercops, and you
Data and Goliath : the hidden battles to collect your data and control your world
Hack I.T. : security through penetration testing
Bullying beyond the schoolyard : preventing and responding to cyberbullying
It security : the need for international cooperation : proceedings of the IFIP TC11 Eighth International Conference on Information Security, IFIP/Sec '92, Singapore, 27-29 May 1992
Future crimes : inside the digital underground and the battle for our connected world
Ethical hacking and countermeasures : web applications and data servers, book 3 of 4
Cybersecurity : managing systems, conducting testing, and investigating intrusions
Hacking : the art of exploitation
From one of the world's leading experts in cyberpsychology--a discipline that combines psychology, forensics, and technology--comes a groundbreaking exploration of the impact of technology on human behavior. In the first book of its kind, Mary Aiken applies her expertise in cyber-behavioral analysis to a range of subjects, including criminal activity on the Deep Web and Darknet; deviant behavior; Internet addictions; the impact of technology on the developing child; teenagers and the Web; cyber-romance and cyber-friendships; cyberchondria; the future of artificial intelligence; and the positive effects on our digital selves, such as online altruism.
"Fraud poses a significant threat to the Internet. 1.5% of all online advertisements attempt to spread malware. This lowers the willingness to view or handle advertisements, which will severely affect the structure of the web and its viability. It may also destabilize online commerce. In addition, the Internet is increasingly becoming a weapon for political targets by malicious organizations and governments. This book will examine these and related topics, such as smart phone based web security. This book describes the basic threats to the Internet (loss of trust, loss of advertising revenue, loss of security) and how they are related. It also discusses the primary countermeasures and how to implement them".
The history of information security : a comprehensive handbook
Tangled Web : tales of digital crime from the shadows of cyberspace
Digital crime : policing the cybernation
Abstract (s. 358).
Novel problems relating to criminal evidence have emerged in connection with the recent developments of technology and society. In this paper, some of these legal and practical problems are identified and examined, with a distinction made between mostly cybercrime-specific problems and problems related to electronic evidence. This paper provides an overview of the topic and brings to light the need for continuing research in the field..
Future crimes : everything is connected : everyone is vulnerable : and what we can do about it
Explaining two forms of Internet crime from two perspectives : toward stage theories for phishing and Internet scamming
The Internet and crime
The cybersecurity dilemma : hacking, trust, and fear between nations
The cuckoo's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage
Stealing the network : how to own an identity
The passion of Bradley Manning
Practical UNIX and Internet security
The coming swarm : DDoS actions, hacktivism, and civil disobedience on the Internet
Abstract: Survey of hacking in Finland in 1990's - summary of the results.
Business & law on the internet
The basics of hacking and penetration testing : ethical hacking and penetration testing made easy
Techno security's guide to e-discovery and digital forensics
Cybercrime : key issues and debates
Cybercrime : the transformation of crime in the information age
Five issues in European criminal justice : corruption, women in the criminal justice system, criminal policy indicators, community crime prevention and computer crime : proceedings of the VI European Colloquium on Crime and Criminal Policy, Helsinki, 10-12 December 1998
The art of deception : controlling the human element of security
Practical VoIP security
Real digital forensics : computer security and incident response
Cybercrime and deterrence : networking legal systems in the networked information society
Future crimes : everything is connected, everyone is vulnerable and what we can do about it
Investigating computer-related crime
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
A holistic look at the vast landscape of Internetsecurity-past, present, and futureA major attack on the Internet could wreak havoc onsociety-bringing down telephony, banking, business,government, media, and the energy grid. This book addresses thegrowing threats to the Internet from different sources, offeringin-depth guidance on how to combat them on both desktop and mobileplatforms.Edited by a specialist in holistic security with contributionsfrom experts in industry and academia, The Death of theInternet presents a unique, cross-disciplinary approach toInternet security. It goes beyond computer science to explore itssocial and psychological components, discussing politicallymotivated attacks, human error, and criminal tendencies. Geared tonon-technical readers and experts alike, the book clearly explainsthe general concepts of Internet security for managers anddecision-makers and provides engineers and industry professionalswith detailed instructions on how to develop effective designs withsecurity in mind. The Death of the Internet:. Covers topics of Internet security, online fraud, phishing, andmalware. Explores the growing need for dedicated smartphone Internetsecurity. Describes how security threats can result in loss of trust andadvertising revenues. Outlines proven countermeasures and explains how to implementthem using real-world examples. Reviews state-of-the-art research and future trends in Internetsecurity.
Five issues in European criminal justice : corruption, women in the criminal justice system, criminal policy indicators, community crime prevention, and computer crime : proceedings of the VI European Colloquium on Crime and Criminal Policy : Helsinki 10-12 December 1998
Abstract (2 s.).
Malicious bots : an inside look into the cyber-criminal underground of the internet
Hands-on ethical hacking and network defense
e-policy : how to develop computer, e-mail and internet guidelines to protect your company and its assets
Spam nation : the inside story of organized cybercrime--from global epidemic to your front door
International guide to cyber security
Ethereal : packet sniffing
Cyber-physical attacks : a growing invisible threat
Cybercrime : criminal threats from cyberspace
Extreme mean : trolls, bullies and predators online
Handbook of computer crime investigation : forensic tools and technology
Cyberphobia : identity, trust, security and the Internet
Social engineering in IT security : tools, tactics, and techniques
Netlaw : your rights in the online world
Cybercrime : law enforcement, security and surveillance in the information age
Deterrence of computer network crime : the international coordinating level approach towards legislation
Firewalls and Internet security : repelling the wily hacker
Hacking exposedTM : computer forensics
The use of usable security and security education to fight phishing attacks
Introduction to e-commerce
Absolute beginner's guide to security, spam, spyware & viruses
Hacker, hoaxer, whistleblower, spy : the many faces of Anonymous
