http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2799 weddings
weddings
A wedding at Christmas
Don't tell the groom
Always the bridesmaid
Scottish brides
Brides. 2015 : April/May
New inspirations in wedding florals
Planning a wedding : a step-by-step guide to your special day
Flowers for weddings
Wedding speeches & toasts
How to wear white : a pocket book for the bride-to-be
Seating arrangements
Weddings by Tara Guérard
The artful bride : simple, handmade wedding projects
Wedding Speeches and Toasts
Bride by mistake
The wedding pocket bible
The name I call myself
Real weddings : a celebration of personal style
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Wedding flowers & accessories
A merry mistletoe wedding
The little wedding shop by the sea. Cupcakes and Confetti
Fine art wedding photography : how to capture images with style for the modern bride
Wedding style : hundreds of tips and secrets from the professionals for styling your own big day
Kate the royal wedding fairy
Fancy Nancy and the wedding of the century
Wedding photography
Bridal guide. 2015 : May/June
Married by Christmas
DIY wedding manual : the step-by-step guide to creating your perfect wedding day on a budget
How to style your perfect wedding
The unknown bridesmaid
Your London wedding. 2012 : Issue 26 November/December
Lucy in the sky
Two weddings and a baby
The selection series collection : The Selection / The Elite / The One / The Guard / The Prince
To bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug, organizing a Christmas wedding sounds like a joy - until she finds out she'll be working closely with the gorgeous brother of the bride, movie star Jonny Blaze. How will a small-town girl like her keep from falling for the world's sexiest guy? Especially with mistletoe lurking around every corner! Jonny came to Fool's Gold looking for normal, not for love. Happily-ever-after only happens in the movies. Still, nothing about this quirky town is quite what he expected, and "ordinary" Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met.
The kingdom of little wounds
The Picador book of wedding poems
The wedding planner
Your Perfect Wedding
Wedding speeches and toasts
The Royal wedding for dummies
The bridal bouquet book
Vintage wedding style : more than 25 simple projects and endless inspiration for designing your big day
Lulu and the chocolate wedding
Finnish folklore atlas
A winter's wedding
Agatha Raisin : there goes the bride
The wedding party
The wedding diaries
The complete wedding planner : within these pages you will find everything you need to plan your wedding
The accidental wedding
Wonderful wedding destinations
The Contemporary Wedding Crafts : Over 40 Stylish Projects for the Modern Bride
The bride's book : a celebration of weddings
A practical wedding planner : a step-by-step guide to creating the wedding you want with the budget you've got (without losing your mind in the process)
To catch a bride
Wedding etiquette for dummies
For the bride : summer 1997
How to be a beautiful bride
The wedding dress
Wedding cakes : exciting designs with full step-by-step instructions
The birds and the bees
Wedding flowers. 2012 : November/December
Pro techniques of wedding photography
Love and marriage
An enormously English monsoon wedding
Violet Mackerel's personal space
Wedding etiquette properly explained : marriage under all denominations
Modern brides & modern grooms : a guide to planning straight, gay, and other nontraditional twenty-first-century weddings
The crown
A lowcountry wedding
The truth will out
Brides. 2015 : July/August
In love in New York : a guide to the most romantic destinations in the greatest city in the world
Alastair Sawday's the natural wedding book
Wedding speeches : perfect words for a perfect day
Wedding Inspirations : stylish ways to create a perfect day
The best of wedding photography
Fairies in my fireplace
Nathalia Buttface and the totally embarrassing bridesmaid disaster
Marge and the pirate baby
Love and harmony : traditional Chinese matrimonial customs
Rock my wedding : your day, your way
Luckiest girl alive
Marry me at Christmas
Wedding photography from the heart  : creative techniques to capture the moments that matter
The everything bridesmaid book : from bachelorette party planning to wedding ceremony etiquette - all you need for an unforgettable wedding
A gentleman walks down the aisle : a complete guide to the perfect wedding day
Handmade weddings : more than 50 crafts to style and personlize your big day
Wedding by the sea
Beaded weddings : 75+ fabulous ideas for jewerly, invitations, reception décor, gifts and more
Your pocket wedding planner : how to prepare for a wedding that's economical and fun
Modern bride : february/march 1994 : 100 wedding fashions for all seasons
The best man
Please release me
Weddings in the Wonderworld of Ice : Designing a wedding package for ICIUM Ice Park
The reluctant bride : one woman's journey (kicking and screaming) down the aisle
Brides.  : winter 2013
Music and emotions
Wedding planner : how to plan the wedding you want
Monster in my closet
The snow is falling around Brides by the Sea, Cornwall's cutest little wedding shop, and wedding dress designer Seraphina East is in her cosy studio designing exquisite dresses to make even the most demanding bride's dreams come true. Unless the bride is her big sister Alice of course. Saying that the two sisters don't always see eye to eye is an understatement. Alice hasn't even asked Sera to design her wedding dress. But when an absent groom and ill-fitting dress threaten to ruin Alice's happiness let alone her big day, Sera's determined to give her sister the winter wedding of her dreams - even if that means keeping not one but two irresistibly gorgeous best men under control...Is Sera going to end up being the maid of dishonour...Or will repairing her frozen relationship with Alice be the icing on the wedding cake?
The scarecrows' wedding
Once upon a prince
From yes to I do : the wedding guide for a modern bride
Wedding bouquets
Modern bride february/march 1995.
Wedding photography for today
Summer at Tiffany's
From Notting Hill with four weddings... actually
Style me pretty weddings : inspiration & ideas for an unforgettable celebration
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
Creative Wedding keepsakes you can make
Rich bride poor bride : : your ultimate wedding planning guide
Wedding cake murder
The Knot complete guide to weddings in the real world : the ultimate source of ideas, advice and relief for the bride and groom and those who love them
The Alternative guide to weddings : the complete handbook to planning your own special wedding
Create your dream wedding : beautiful paper crafts for your special day
Glamour in glass
Rules of the game : a Stardust, Texas novel
Luckiest girl alive : a novel
1st to die
Modern Bride : April/May 1996
My big fat supernatural wedding
The bride's book
Food, health and identity
Celebrate : the art of the special occasion
Beautiful wedding crafts : gifts, decorations & keepsakes to make & cherish
The one
Summer story
Ready or not
Marketing mix across cultures : A case study: Binh Quoi Tourist Village's wedding services to France and Japan
The complete wedding speech guide
The wedding of the century & other stories
Timeless traditions : a couple's guide to wedding customs around the world
Making a wedding speech : how to face the big occasion with confidence and style
Christmas at the little wedding shop. Sequins & snowflakes
Confetti the Magic Wedding Pony
Wedding realities = Les noces en vrai
Martha Stewart Weddings : e-lehti
Say yes to the marquess
Wedding flowers & accessories. 2015 : May/June
Anti-bride guide : tying the knot outside of the box
Wedding favours
Wedding flowers : more than sixty beautiful arrangements for a very special day
Betty O'Barley and Harry O'Hay invite you to... the best wedding ever, the best wedding yet, the wedding that no one will ever forget!
Wedding speeches and etiquette
Boutique wedding cakes : bake and decorate beautiful cakes at home
Twenty to Make Wedding Favours : 20 to make wedding favours
Princess ever after
Wedding words : toasts
Dream wedding photography
Weddings : the essential guide to organising your perfect day
Congratulations miss Malarkey!
No one wants to be Miss Havisham
Snapshots from the wedding
Lesbian couples guide to planning a wedding : everything you need to know about planning your dream wedding
Brides. 2013 : January/February
Brides and setting up home
