http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28094 common bean
common bean Phaseolus vulgaris
Content of zinc, iron and their absorption inhibitors in Nicaraguan common beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Genetic improvement of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) using local germplasm assisted by molecular markers
Establishment of fuelwood plantations in Ethiopia
Common beans : research for crop improvement
Growth and productivity of haricot bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) under different moisture and light regimes = Vekst og produktivitet hos hagebønne (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) ved ulik tilgang på vatn og lys
International Symposium on Greenhouse Management for Better Yield and Quality in Mild Winter Climates : Antalya, Turkey 3-5 November, 1997
Intercropped red beet and radish with green bean affected microbial communities and nodulation by indigenous rhizobia
Genetic purity of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L. cv. ʻINTA ROJOʼ) during seed production in Nicaragua
Enhancement of biological nitrogen fixation of common bean in Latin America : results from an FAO/IAEA co-ordinated research programme, 1986-1991
The impact of intercropping green bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) with red beet (Beta vulgaris L. var. rubra) and radish (Raphanus sativus L.), two non-legume plants, on the plants' yields, as well as the effect on occurrence and enumeration of microorganisms in the rhizosphere was studied. The intercrop efficacy evaluation, using Land equivalent ratio, revealed values above 1.0 for all intercropped treatments. Diversity of rhizobia from green bean nodules under different intercropping and fertilizing conditions was observed. On the basis of morphological and biochemical characteristics, 67 out of 158 isolates from green bean roots were selected as rhizobia (42.4%), confirmed by detection of 780 bp nifH gene fragments in nifH-PCR, and then clustered in 27 phenotype patterns. Production of exopolysaccharide succinoglycan was observed in 23 rhizobial isolates, while 6 were detected to solubilize tricalcium phosphate. Screening of genetic diversity using (GTG)5-PCR fingerprinting showed presence of six different patterns on the 92% similarity level.
Characterization of low-molecular weight acidic peptides in the leaves of Trifolium repens and Phaseolus vulgaris
The physiology of vegetable crops
From Muyuw to the Trobriands : transformations along the northern side of the Kula ring
