http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2800 registered partnership
registered partnership civil union
Registered partnerships in private international law : the Scandinavian approach
The Finnish and Swedish partnership acts - similarities and divergencies
Marriage and same-sex unions : a debate
Child, family and state
What is marriage for?
Non-marital cohabitation and union dissolution
Private international law aspects of homosexual couples
Recognizing ourselves : ceremonies of lesbian and gay commitment
The same sex unions revolution in western democracies : international norms and domestic policy change
For lesbian parents : Your guide to helping your family grow up happy, healthy, and proud
Reconstructing marriage : the legal status of relationships in a changing society
Gender and parenthood : biological and social scientific perspectives
From civil partnerships to same-sex marriage : interdisciplinary reflections
The essays in this collection deploy biological and social scientific perspectives to evaluate the transformative experience of parenthood for today's women and men. They map the similar and distinct roles mothers and fathers play in their children's lives and measure the effect of gendered parenting on child well-being, work and family arrangements, and the quality of couples' relationships. Contributors describe what happens to brains and bodies when women become mothers and men become fathers; whether the stakes are the same or different for each sex; why, across history and cultures, women are typically more involved in childcare than men; why some fathers are strongly present in their children's lives while others are not; and how the various commitments men and women make to parenting shape their approaches to paid work and romantic relationships. Considering recent changes in men's and women's familial duties, the growing number of single-parent families, and the impassioned tenor of same-sex marriage debates, this book adds sound scientific and theoretical insight to these issues, constituting a standout resource for those interested in the causes and consequences of contemporary gendered parenthood.
"The UK's Civil Partnership Act 2004 and the Marriage (Same-Sex) Act 2014 are important legal, social and historical landmarks. For, beyond their practical implications, same-sex relationship recognition throughout the western world has become a key site of political contestation rich in symbolic, material and cultural meanings. While fiercely opposed by many, within mainstream narratives they are often represented as a victory in a legal reform process that commenced with the decriminalisation of homosexuality. For others, however, they represent a problematic and ambivalent political engagement with the institution of marriage. These reforms, then, provide an invaluable opportunity to engage with issues that arguably affect everyone, regardless of sexual orientation or relationship status. This collection brings together leading scholars and commentators from a wide range of professions and disciplinary backgrounds to critically reflect on the first ten years of the Civil Partnership Act and the introduction of same-sex marriage: some providing a close reading of their judicial interpretation, and their media representation; some locating them within the context of British political history and the history of sexuality; and some exploring their wider implications for struggles around homosexuality within the Commonwealth. Marking the 10th anniversary of the first civil partnership ceremonies, and coinciding with the first same-sex marriages, this critical reflection on the first decade of same-sex relationship recognition provides a much needed foundation for encouraging and suggesting new ways of engaging with this reality"--
Children in homosexual families : report from the Commission on the situation of children in homosexual families = Barn i homosexuella familjer : Summary
Why marriage : the history shaping today's debate over gay equality
Justifying same-sex marriage : a philosophical investigation
Polls and election results show Americans sharply divided on same-sex marriage, and the controversy is unlikely to subside anytime soon. This work provides a roadmap to the ongoing debate. Taking a "point/counterpoint" approach, the authors, one a philosopher and prominent gay advocate, and the other a nationally syndicated columnist and co-founder of the National Organization for Marriage, explore fundamental questions: What is marriage for? Is sexual difference essential to it? Why does the government sanction it? What are the implications of same-sex marriage for children's welfare, for religious freedom, and for our understanding of marriage itself? While the authors disagree on many points, they share the following conviction: Because marriage is a vital public institution, this issue deserves a comprehensive, rigorous, thoughtful debate.
Finnish legal system and recent development : XVIIth International Congress of Comparative Law organised by the International Academy of Comparative Law, 16-22 July 2006, Utrecht, Netherlands
Scandinavian Homosexualities offers non-Scandinavian readers a rare opportunity to explore the history, sociology, notions, experiences, and cultural politics of homosexuality in Scandinavian societies in English. This unique insight into some of the most advanced countries in regard to institutionalized civil rights for lesbians and gays will help you direct change and progress in your own country. Chapters in Scandinavian Homosexualities draw from a range of theoretical and methodological strands to give you an overall picture of homosexuality in Scandinavian society.
What's the harm? : does legalizing same-sex marriage really harm individuals, families, or society?
Marriage rites and rights
Changing contours of domestic life, family and law : caring and sharing
The concept of marriage as a union of a man and a woman was fundamentally challenged by the introduction of registered partnership in Denmark in 1989. Odd Couples is the first comprehensive history of registered partnership and gay marriage in Scandinavia. It traces the origins of laws which initially were extremely controversial - inside and outside the gay community - but have now gained broad popular and political support, as well as the positive effects and risks involved in state recognition of lesbian and gay couples. Through a comparison of how these laws have been received and practiced in all of the Scandinavian countries, including Greenland and the Faroe Islands, the author presents a nuanced study of a fascinating political process that began in the 1960s and continues to change the way we understand family, sexuality and nation.
Conjugal rites : marriage and marriage-like relationships before the law
Constitutional rights, moral controversy, and the Supreme Court
Scandinavian homosexualities : essays on gay and lesbian studies
Family ties and aging
On heaven and Earth : Pope Francis on faith, family, and the church in the twenty-first century
Legal recognition of same-sex relationships in Europe : national, cross-border and European perspectives
Same-sex weddings as rites of passage
Equality for same-sex couples : the legal recognition of gay partnerships in Europe and the United States
Not the marrying kind : a feminist critique of same-sex marriage
Same sex marriages : new generations, new relationships
Equality, dignity, and same-sex marriage : a rights disagreement in democratic societies
Odd couples : a history of gay marriage in Scandinavia
Family law, sex and society : a comparative study of family law
Legal recognition of same-sex couples in Europe
Toward a theory of human rights : religion, law, courts
Mapping intimacies : relations, exchanges, affects
