http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28015 forum theatre
forum theatre
Applied theatre : facilitation
This fully illustrated book by the Bengali company's founder and artistic director Sanjoy Ganguly, edited by Ralph Yarrow, collects and explains their programme of workshop exercises, placing them in the context of their social and activist work. A set of interviews with Ganguly complements these practical sequences, drawing in topics such as the role of the joker, the nature of development, participation and agency, aesthetics as transformation, and Theatre of the Oppressed in the context of a market economy.
Forum theatre for children : enhancing social, emotional and creative development
Forum Theatre can help primary as well as secondary school students to explore personal and collective challenges in their lives. Its secure scaffolding enables them to share their views and fears and develop their social, emotional and creative skills. In Forum Theatre for Children educational psychologist Nick Hammond describes each step of the process of FT – the activities, workshops and performances – so that adults who work with children can develop their own FT projects to explore issues children are concerned about. He takes readers through real-life FT models that have helped children to cope in conditions of austerity and family instability, and to explore difficult issues such as transition – be it to secondary school, a new home or even a new country. The book shows how FT can develop children's sense of solidarity, belonging, problem-solving, constructive protest and community membership, and give them a way to experiment with roles and find sustainable real-life solutions to personal and shared challenges. This book is an invaluable resource for primary and secondary school teachers, drama teachers and trainee teachers, and for psychologists, youth workers, social workers, drama students, theatre practitioners, art therapists and others interested in working with children and young people in educational and community settings.
From Boal to Jana Sanskriti : practice and principles
Applied Theatre: Facilitation is the first publication that directly explores the facilitator's role within a range of socially engaged theatre and community theatre settings. The book offers a new theoretical framework for understanding critical facilitation in contemporary dilemmatic spaces and features a range of writings and provocations by international practitioners and experienced facilitators working in the field. Part One offers an introduction to the concept, role and practice of facilitation and its applications in different contexts and cultural locations. It offers a conceptual framework through which to understand the idea of critical facilitation: a political practice that that involves a critical (and self-critical) approach to pedagogies, practices (doing and performing), and resilience in dilemmatic spaces. Part Two illuminates the diversity in the field of facilitation in applied theatre through offering multiple voices, case studies, theoretical positions and contexts. These are drawn from Australia, Serbia, Kyrgyzstan, India, Israel/Palestine, Rwanda, the United Kingdom and North America, and they apply a range of aesthetic forms: performance, process drama, forum, clowning and playmaking. Each chapter presents the challenge of facilitation in a range of cultural contexts with communities whose complex histories and experiences have led them to be disenfranchised socially, culturally and/or economically.
This handbook not only provides a very wide-ranging introduction and orientation to the world of the Theatre of the Oppressed, but Birgit Fritz also presents concrete and practical assistance for structuring basic workshops in process-oriented theatre work and in developing Forum Theatre plays. Birgit Fritz explores the working principles of emancipatory theatre work and somatic learning in depth. She gives numerous examples of the work and life of theatre groups and reveals fascinating possibilities of how theatre for social change can be successfully linked with social and political commitment, so that artistic process can bring about cross-generational collaboration, develop social democracy, and operate as an active force for peace.
Outside the box : the relation between art and the public : project documentation 2013-2015 = eine frage nach dem verhältnis von kuns und öffentlichkeit : projekt dokumentation
InExActArt : the autopoietic theatre of Augusto Boal : a handbook of Theatre of the Oppressed practice
