http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28004 media environment
media environment
Perceptions, realities and forest communication
The Nordic media market 2015 : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
Maapallopeli = Klotspelet = The world game
McLuhan's children : the Greenpeace message and the media
Engaging with media in the fragmented media environment : using multiple methods to discover elements of media engagement
Sustainability in tourism : a multidisciplinary approach
Stories, whether they are fact or fiction, popular or not, are a proven method of pedagogy. In the age of media convergence and with the advancement of technology, stories have morphed into new forms; however, their core purpose remains the same, which is to pass on knowledge and information.
The informal media economy
The city as interface : how new media are changing the city
The daily globe : environmental change, the public and the media
The Carpenter's garden : a design-palette for construction
Geomedia : networked cities and the politics of urban space
"How are "grey market" imports changing media industries? What is the role of piracy in developing new markets for movies and TV shows? How do jailbroken iPhones drive innovation? The Informal Media Economy provides a vivid, original, and genuinely transnational account of contemporary media, by showing how the interactions between formal and informal media systems are a feature of all nations - rich and poor, large and small. Shifting the focus away from the formal businesses and public enterprises that have long occupied media researchers, this book charts a parallel world of cultural intermediaries driving global media production and circulation. It shows how unlicensed, untaxed, or unregulated networks, which operate across the boundaries of established media markets, have been a driving force of media industry transformation. The book opens up new insights on a range of topical issues in media studies, from the creative disruptions of digitisation to amateur production, piracy and cybercrime"--
Media education : an introduction
Impact of status and meme content on the spread of memes in virtual communities
Environmental risks and the media
Hypermedia learning environments : instructional design and integration
Environmental conflict and the media
Social interaction in the context of new literacies : pedagogical potentials of publishing-oriented learner-generated video production
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
Greening the media
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
Citizen voices : performing public participation in science and environment communication
This report outlines how online-based journalistic startups have created their economical locker in the evolving media ecology. The research introduces the ways that startups have found sustainability in the markets of nine countries. The work is based on 69 case studies from Europe, USA and Japan. The case analysis shows that business models can be divided into two groups. The storytelling-oriented business models are still prevalent in our findings. These are the online journalistic outlets that produce original content – news and stories for audiences. But the other group, service-oriented business models, seems to be growing. This group consists of sites that don’t try to monetize the journalistic content as such but rather focus on carving out new functionality. The project was able to identify several revenue sources: advertising, paying for content affiliate marketing, donations, selling data or services, organizing events, freelancing and training or selling merchandise. Where it was hard to evidence entirely new revenue sources, it was however possible to find new ways in which revenue sources have been combined or reconfigured. The report also offers practical advice for those who are planning to start their own journalistic site.
Social media tools and platforms in learning environments
Maapallopeli [Elektroninen aineisto] = Klotspelet = The world game
Changing the news : the forces shaping journalism in uncertain times
Art+Com : media spaces and installations
Developing multichannel marketing strategy in the pharmaceutical industry : case: Company X Finland
Young people, media and health : risks and rights
Multimedia environmental models : the fugacity approach
Mediatecture : the design of medially augmented spaces
Media meets climate : the global challenge for journalism
Digital media as a learning environment
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Baltic Sea in Estonian and Finnish media : discussed topics and stakeholders
E-habits : what you must do to optimize your professional digital presence
Exploring online self-presentation in computer-mediated environments : motives and reasons for photo-tagging and untagging
Social media and networks as communicative acts : vulnerabilities and possibilities for the pedagogies of the future : an empirical hermeneutical study of Finnish and Greek teachers' and students' experiences
"Geomedia offers critical analysis of the new possibilities and power relations emerging in the public space of contemporary cities. As ubiquitous digital networks enable embedded and mobile devices to integrate place-specific data with real-time feedback circuits, everyday experience of public space has become subject to new demands. Looking beyond debates framed by the dominance of surveillance and spectacle, McQuire asks: how might the kind of collaborative practices that have flourished in art and online cultures be translated into urban space? In the urban crisis of the 1960s, Henri Lefebvre argued that the capacity for a city&rsquo;s inhabitants to actively appropriate the time and space of their surroundings was a critical dimension of modern democracy. What does it mean to speak of &lsquo;the right to the city&rsquo; in the context of the networked city? Addressing this question through a series of case studies, this cutting-edge text highlights the tensions between citizen and consumer, communication and surveillance, participation and control, which define contemporary struggles over public space"--
Climate change and the media
If design award 2001 : ecology, interaction volume 1.
Media environment and marketing services in St Petersburg
Maapallopeli : Klotspelet = The world game
Image politics : the new rhetoric of environmental activism
This study is made to provide the company, Design Agency Tuuletin Oy, with information that is needed to better understand customers' needs. The company's business idea is to be an innovative developer and  producer of creative concepts and technical solutions in the field of digital  communications. The future plan in the company is to start marketing their products and services on the Internet. That is why the company gave  an assignment to interview prospective customers about their habits and  interests in buying digital media products and services. In the future the company also wants to grow internationally by finding more customers abroad.  One objective of this study is to describe digital media, e-business and the  possibilities of Internet marketing. A second objective is to get information  about prospective customers and their preferences, and the third objective is to study the habits and interests in buying digital media products and  services. The purpose in the theoretical part is to give a description of e-business and  the facts concerning Internet marketing and also to give an overview of  digital media. In the empirical part data was collected from prospective customers of Tuuletin Oy. Different customer groups were approached to  gather information about their habits and interests. The Internet is a very useful network for marketers nowadays. They can develop new strategies, and by creating databases of product information  their customers can selectively obtain information. This minimizes the traditional barriers of time and distance between the marketers and the  customers. Due to the fact that e-business based marketing is growing and becoming  more common, the components of the traditional marketing system are facing a number of changes. Managers are required to reorganize and  develop new strategies as to how to market in an e-business environment. The very low rate of response had an effect on the reliability of the study; as a result it is impossible to generalize the results. The respondents' answers show that digital media nowadays has an important role in a  company's activities. Companies are going to buy more digital media  products and services in the future. The responses received also show that  there is a need for the digital products that Tuuletin designs and creates.
Media literacy : new agendas in communication
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
Installation art
Environmental communication and the public sphere
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Online Marketing Handbook for Emerging Jewelry Importer: Case Divina Katalina
Environment and economy
Media art and the urban environment : engendering public engagement with urban ecology
Transmedia storytelling and the new era of media convergence in higher education
Environment, media and communication
Environmental politics : stakeholders, interests, and policymaking
Study of internet material use in education in Finland
Genius at crossroads : the new role of the 21st century artist
Greening media education : bridging media literacy with green cultural citizenship
Media management : leveraging content for profitable growth
How fantasy becomes reality : information and entertainment media in everyday life
Enterprise portals in e-learning : [welcome to e-learning]
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Development of pedagogical design in technology-rich environments for language teaching and learning
Young people and new media : childhood and the changing media environment
Innovative methods in media and communication research
Young men in digital culture : a new form of informal learning?
Handbook of digital politics
User characteristics and habits in buying digital media products and services
How to see the world : a Pelican introduction
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
In this new edition of How Fantasy Becomes Reality, Karen E. Dill-Shackleford offers readers a greater understanding of what the current science of psychology tells us about life in our digital culture.
Children, media and culture
Europe in the media : a comparison of reporting, representation, and rhetoric in national media systems in Europe
The integrated media machine. 2, Aspects of internet culture, hypertechnologies and informal learning
Chasing sustainability on the Net : international research on 69 journalistic pure players and their business models
The environment in the headlines : newspaper coverage of climate change and eutrophication in Finland
Digital and mobile media play an increasingly important role in everyday urban life. They are changing the way urban life takes shape and how we experience our built environment. This seems a mainly practical matter: thanks to these technologies we can organize our lives more conveniently. But the rise of these 'urban media' also presents us with an important philosophical issue: What do they mean for how the city functions as a community? Employing detailed examples of new media uses as well as historical case studies, Martijn de Waal shows how new technologies, on one level, contribute to the further individualization and liberalization of urban society. There is an alternative future scenario, however, in which digital media construct a new definition of the urban public sphere. In the process they also breathe new life into the classical republican ideal of the city as an open, democratic 'community of strangers'.
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic Sea area
Journalism re-examined: digital challenges and professional orientations : lessons from northern Europe
Media facades : history, technology, content
Social media and new educational models in teacher education
ASP.NET 3.5 social networking  : an expert guide to building enterprise-ready social networking and community applications with ASP.NET 3.5
We examined the influence of meme consistency (vs. inconsistency) and intragroup status on the spread of memes in virtual communities. Prior research suggests that information consistent with the theme of the group is remembered better and that ideas threatening to the group identity are rejected. In addition, previous research shows that low-status group members mimic high-status members and communicate with them to seek information and approval. We analyzed social interactions among members of four online forums from January 1, 2010, to February 21, 2014. Contrary to our prediction, our results show that memes initiated by low-status members spread faster than memes started by high- or moderate-status members. In line with prior research, memes that were consistent with a forum theme were spread more frequently than inconsistent memes..
The use of e-mail and Web by people working for Finnish environmental organizations
Formal modelling for digital media distribution
Teaching-you Feng Shui skills
Political communication in the online world : theoretical approaches and research designs
Body image : understanding body dissatisfaction in men, women, and children
Supporting whose interest? : discussions on corporate social responsibility in business media texts - the case of Romania
Toxic childhood : how the modern world is damaging our children and what we can do about it
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
