http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28030 theories of play
theories of play
Creative pedagogy for piano teachers : using musical games and aural pedagogy techniques as a dynamic supplement for teaching piano
Learning activity and development
This book explores how the work of key child development theorists informs music therapy practice with children and families.
On the origin of stories : evolution, cognition, and fiction
Early childhood education
Play matters
The Blackwell guide to literary theory
Childhood : critical concepts in sociology. Volume 2
Growth and development trough the lifespan
Foundations of playwork
Playwork : theory and practice
The performance studies reader / edited by Henry Bial
Towards modelling of human relationships : nonlinear dynamical systems in relationships
Curriculum in early childhood education : re-examined, rediscovered, renewed
The handbook of the study of play
Becoming human : from pointing gestures to syntax
Curriculum in Early Childhood Education: Reexamined, Rediscovered, Renewed provides a critical examination of the sources, aims, and features of early childhood curricula. Providing a theoretical and philosophical foundation for examining teaching and learning, this book will provoke discussion and analysis among all readers. How has theory been used to understand, develop, and critique curriculum? Whose perspectives are dominant and whose are ignored? How is diversity addressed? What values are explicit and implicit? The book first contextualizes the historical and research base of early childhood curriculum, and then turns to discussions of various schools of theory and philosophy that have served to support curriculum development in early childhood education. An examination of current curriculum frameworks is offered, both from the US and abroad, including discussion of the Project Approach, Creative Curriculum, Te Whariki, and Reggio Emilia. Finally, the book closes with chapters that enlarge the topic to curriculum-being-enacted through play and that summarize key issues while pointing out future directions for the field. Offering a broad foundation for examining curriculum in early childhood, readers will emerge with a stronger understanding of how theories and philosophies intersect with curriculum development.
Lionhearts of the playworld : an ethnographic case study of the development of agency in play pedagogy
Play, development, and early education
Play & culture studies. Vol. 1, Diversions and divergences in fields of play
Perspectives on activity theory
Seriously playful : genre, performance, and text
Advances in early education and day care. Vol. 10, Foundations, adult dynamics, teacher education and play
Taking play seriously : children and play in early childhood education-- an exciting challenge
Soittopeli : PlaySingMusic
The zones of proximal development in children's play
Theorizing childhood
Play and educational theory and practice
Scaffolding children's learning : Vygotsky and early childhood education
Patterns of primary education
Occupational science : the evolving discipline
Playing to learn : the role of play in the early years
Early learning and development : cultural-historical concepts in play
The music of being : music therapy, Winnicott and the school of object relations
Play & culture studies. Vol. 2, Play contexts revisited
Children and play
Lapsuuden puutarhassa = I barndomens lustgård = In the garden of childhood
Early attachment, mental well-being and development of Finnish children at preschool age : twinship - risk or opportunity?
Playing and reality
A child's work : freedom and play in Froebel's educational theory and practice
This study focuses on early attachment and its effects on later cognitive development and mental well-being in Finnish twins and singletons. Altogether 84 infants, including both singletons (N = 27) and twins (N = 57), were assessed at 18 months of age to determine their infant-mother and infant-father attachment using the Preschool Assessment of Attachment (PAA), a modification of the Ainsworth infant classification system. In the whole sample, approximately one third (37%) of the children were assessed as using avoidant/defended insecure (Type A), one third (35%) secure/balanced (Type B), one fifth (20%) resistant/coercive insecure (Type C) and the rest insecure other (IO, 8%) attachment strategy with their mothers, while the corresponding percentages of attachment strategies with fathers were 36%, 33%, 28% and 3%, respectively. The results yielded a difference in the maternal attachment between twins and singletons; the twins were more often Type B attached than the singletons.At 36 months the children were tested with the Stanford-Binet test for measuring their intelligence level. Children with Type A or Type B attachment pattern attained the highest IQ. High socio-economic status of the family and mature pregnancy (≥ 37 weeks) were also significantly linked with higher intelligence levels.At the age of 48 months, the children’s mental well-being was assessed by using CBCL (Child Behavior Checklist, Achenbach) questionnaires completed by the mothers of 22 singletons and 51 twins and the fathers of 20 singletons and 60 twins. Type A attachment strategy with the mother among singleton toddlers was significantly associated with higher CBCL scores reported by mothers, concerning withdrawal, somatic problems and total internalizing symptoms, whereas among twins there were no such correlations. In addition, on the basis of the parental reports singletons had significantly more behavioural and emotional symptoms than the twins.
Child development 0-8 : a journey through the early years
The Handbook of the Study of Play brings together in two volumes thinkers whose diverse interests at the leading edge of scholarship and practice define the current field. Because play is an activity that humans have shared across time, place, and culture and in their personal developmental timelines-and because this behavior stretches deep into the evolutionary past-no single discipline can lay claim to exclusive rights to study the subject. Thus this handbook features the thinking of evolutionary psychologists; ethologists and biologists; neuroscientists; developmental psychologists; psychotherapists and play therapists; historians; sociologists and anthropologists; cultural psychologists; philosophers; theorists of music, performance, and dance; specialists in learning and language acquisition; and playground designers. Together, but out of their varied understandings, the incisive contributions to The Handbook take on vital questions of educational policy, of literacy, of fitness, of the role of play in brain development, of spontaneity and pleasure, of well-being and happiness, of fairness, and of the fuller realization of the self. These volumes also comprise an intellectual history, retrospective looks at the great thinkers who have made possible the modern study of play.
Sensory integration : theory and practice
The Oxford handbook of the development of play
Forms of play of native North Americans
