http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28045 postwar period
postwar period
German cinema - terror and trauma : cultural memory since 1945
Post-catastrophic cities
From postwar to postmodern : art in Japan 1945-1989 : primary documents
The wonderful world of Sazae-san. Vol. 3 = Sazae-san. 3 / [translation by Jules Young]
A god in ruins : a novel
Leaving Berlin : a novel
A slant of light : a novel
Realism of postwar Finland : a Japanese view
Women's fiction : from 1945 to today
The piano teacher
The misunderstanding
The assassination option : a clandestine operations novel
Life in 1940s London
A pale view of hills
Growing up in London in the aftermath of the Second World War, Ruth is an observant and thoughtful child who finds herself in a confusing and mysterious adult world. She seeks refuge in her memories of her idyllic stays with her grandparents in the picturesque East Anglian countryside - which provide comforting visions of a simpler life. As she comes to terms with her surroundings and her own adolescence, Ruth finds the motivation to pursue her dream of becoming an accomplished pianist, and discovers some family secrets along the way.
Soldier, spy : a survivor's tale
London : a travel guide through time
Radio Congo : signals of hope from Africa's deadliest war
Explores what daily life was like in post-war Germany, with insights about the larger shifts in German culture, art, and society
The longest fight
A toy city
The copper beech
The ends of the Earth
Loveless. 3 : Blackwater falls
Little red lies
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
Brides of war
The little stranger
Loveless. 1 : A kin of homecoming
After the war is over
Sunlight on the Mersey
Germany 1945 : from war to peace
The hateful eight
The good German : a novel
The Neapolitan novels. Book 1, My brilliant friend
Trees on the cliff : a novel of Korea and two stories
The soldier's woman
The wonderful world of Sazae-san. Vol. 1 = Sazae-san. 1 / [translation: Jules Young, Dominic Young]
A time to remember
Three days in that autumn
Miss Carter's war
All that is
Christmas wishes
All that is : a novel
An incomplete revenge : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Now the war is over
Starlight and dreams
Tokyo seven roses. Volume II
The novel and Europe : imagining the continent in post-1945 fiction
Alone on a wide wide sea
Top secret : a clandestine operations novel
The crying game
English life and leisure; a social study
Perspectives on Cote d'Ivoire : between political breakdown and post-conflict peace
The wonderful world of Sazae-san. Vol. 6 = Sazae-san. 6 / [translation: Jules Young, Dominic Young]
After war is over
Germany in our time : a political history of the postwar years
My brilliant friend
Fever at dawn
After the war: a tour of the Southern States, 1865-1866
The wonderful world of Sazae-san. Vol. 2 = Sazae-san. 2 / [translation: Jules Young]
Loveless. 2 : Thicker than Blackwater
Baltimore. Volume one : The plague ships
The invisible mile
The bitter taste of victory : in the ruins of the Reich
A medal for Leroy
Baltimore. Volume three : A passing stranger and other stories
Once a land girl
The trader of Saigon
Multi-award winning author Aliette de Bodard brings her story of the War in Heaven to Paris, igniting the City of Light in a fantasy of divine power and deep conspiracy... In the late Twentieth Century, the streets of Paris are lined with haunted ruins. The Great Magicians' War left a trail of devastation in its wake. The Grand Magasins have been reduced to piles of debris, Notre-Dame is a burnt-out shell, and the Seine has turned black with ashes and rubble and the remnants of the spells that tore the city apart. But those that survived still retain their irrepressible appetite for novelty and distraction, and The Great Houses still vie for dominion over France's once grand capital. Once the most powerful and formidable, House Silverspires now lies in disarray. Its magic is ailing; its founder, Morningstar, has been missing for decades; and now something from the shadows stalks its people inside their very own walls. Within the House, three very different people must come together: a naive but powerful Fallen angel; an alchemist with a self-destructive addiction; and a resentful young man wielding spells of unknown origin. They may be Silverspires' salvation--or the architects of its last, irreversible fall. And if Silverspires falls, so may the city itself.
What was promised
Beyond a Misty Shore
Flora and Grace
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
The seeing
Crossing the lines
Soumchi
The house of shattered wings
Tuppence to Tooley Street
The summer isles
