http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28091 theatre anthropology
theatre anthropology
From ritual to theatre : the human seriousness of play
Negotiating cultures : Eugenio Barba and the intercultural debate
Performance studies : an introduction
Theatre, intimacy & engagement : the last human venue
Performance : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies
Performance theory / Richard Schechner
Archaeology of performance : theaters of power, community, and politics
The anthropology of performance : a reader
Performance studies
Takarazuka : sexual politics and popular culture in modern Japan
The imagination of reality : essays in Southeast Asian coherence systems
Performance theory
Summary.
A collection of texts by Eugenio Barba reconstructing the history of his relationships with the Asian classical theatres. Interweaving stories of journeys, meetings, anecdotes, reflections and technical descriptions, the author exposes the phases and changes in a passion that covers the fifty years of his professional trajectory. Little known or unpublished texts are included together with widely diffused articles which have become classics. The result is a book which examines in detail an important chapter of the dialogue between East and West in the theatre culture of the twentieth century.
By means of performance : intercultural studies of theatre and ritual
Performing objects and theatrical things
The Yoruba artist : new theoretical perspectives on African arts
The performance studies reader
Shakespeare and cultural traditions : the selected proceedings of the International Shakespeare Association World Congress, Tokyo, 1991
Performance studies : an introduction / Richard Schechner
The performance of tradition : an ethnography of Hira Gasy popular theatre in Madagascar
The performance studies reader / edited by Henry Bial
Beyond the floating islands
Theatre, ritual and transformation : the Senoi Temiars
Javanese shadow plays, Javanese selves
Aboriginal voices : Amerindian, Inuit, and Sami theater
On the origins of theater
Masks : faces of culture
Since its first publication in 2002, The Performance Studies Reader has become the leading anthology of key writings on performance studies. Now in its third edition, itcontinues to offer an unparalleled selection of work by the foremost in this continually evolving field. These critical and theoretical contributions are joined in this edition by 16 new chapters, bringing the collection up to date with current discourse and ideas, and cross referencing exactly with Richard Schechner's Performance Studies: An Introduction. The two volumes combine perfectly to offer a unique and complete teaching resource. The Reader is also widely used by students and scholars around the world as a stand-alone text, offering a stimulating introduction to the crucial debates of Performance Studies. Each essay now includes new contextual headnotes from the editors, to introduce students to the writer and their impact on the field. Newly added to this edition are contributions from: Augusto Boal, Jill Dolan, Faye C. Fei and William H. Sun, Erika Fischer Lichte, E. Patrick Johnson, Petra Kuppers, Hans-Thies Lehmann, Bruce McConachie, Jacques Ranciere, Joseph Roach, Rebecca Schneider, Ngugi wa Thiongo. The Reader provides an overview of the full range of performance theory for undergraduates at all levels, and beginning graduate students in performance studies, theatre, performing arts and cultural studies.
Towards a third theatre : Eugenio Barba and the Odin Teatret
The paper canoe : a guide to theatre anthropology
The Nyau masquerade : an examination of HIV/AIDS, power and influence in Malawi
This book presents an interdisciplinary investigation into the emergence of the actor and theater. Scholarship helps us to realize how we have evolved to who we are today and to understand the transformative power of performance. The author proposes to boost and advance theater studies by reviewing new research in anthropology, archaeology, paleoanthropology, classics, ethnography, physics, cognitive science, neuroscience, theater anthropology and performance studies. Referring to his fieldwork in Bali and Tibet, and to his professional experience in theater, the author explains the role of bipedality, toolmaking and trance in the evolution of the performer, examines the performativity of space and writing, and argues that ancient culture emerged from dance.
The ends of performance
Action : anthropology in the company of Shakespeare
Pacific performances : theatricality and cross-cultural encounter in the South Seas
The moon rises from the Ganges : my journey through Asian acting techniques
Gender reversals and gender cultures : anthropological and historical perspectives
The dramatic touch of difference : theatre, own and foreign
Rites of modernization : symbolic and social aspects of Indonesian proletarian drama
Longser Antar Pulau : Indonesian cultural politics and the revitalisation of traditional theatre
Managing modernity : gender, state, and nation in the popular drama of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania
Acoustic interculturalism : listening to performance
"Performing Objects and Theatrical Things rethinks historical and contemporary theatre, performance, and cultural events from the perspective of the objects and things that activate stages, venues, environments, and archives. Embracing methodologies from across the humanities and social sciences, we understand physical materials as actants, with particular frequencies, energies, and potentials to affect human and nonhuman worlds. The texts, stage properties, instruments, costumes, photographs, and detritus that animate this collection emerge from the thirteenth- to the twenty-first century, traversing sites across Europe and North America. Challenging anthropocentric narratives that foreground humans as sole agents, our authors present object and 'thingcentric' methodologies that range from deeply personal autoethnographic reflections and close textual readings to carefully researched archival studies and rhizomatic explorations of an object's journey from one place and time to another"--
A dictionary of theatre anthropology : the secret art of the performer
