http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2809 ethnolinguistics
ethnolinguistics
Oirat people : cultural uniformity and diversification
Young bilingual children in nursery school
Severovedenie v Gercenskom universitete : institut narodov Severa = Studying the north at the Herzen university : institute of nations of the North
Issues in Tibeto-Burman historical linguistics
Aspects of cognitive ethnolinguistics
Language and colonial power : the appropriation of Swahili in the former Belgian Congo 1880-1938
What, where, and y qué? A microsurvey of some syntactic features, lexical items, and attitudes towards codeswitching among U.S. latinos
Language legislation and ethnolinguistic situation in present-day Estonia
Bilingual women : anthropological approaches to second-language use
Sociolinguistics and mobile communication
Always Coming Home
Coral gardens and their magic : a study of the methods of tilling the soil and of agricultural rites in the Trobriand Islands
Anthropology in North America
The ins and outs of business and professional discourse research : reflections on interacting with the workplace
Language and emotion
Language, thought, and reality : selected writings of Benjamin Lee Whorf
Being black : aboriginal cultures in 'settled' Australia
Central Eurasia as a territorial and ethnolinguistic concept : an enumerative approach
Translating native Latin American verbal art : ethnopoetics and ethnography of speaking
Researching language and literacy in social context : a reader
Theorizing the Americanist tradition
The voice of prophecy and other essays
Language, culture, and communication : the meaning of messages
Knowledge of Panoan languages and linguistics has increased significantly over the last several decades. The present paper draws upon this new information to produce a current internal classification of all the extant and extinct languages in the Panoan family based on lexical, phonological, and grammatical comparisons. This classification pays special attention to distinguishing dialects from independent languages and to mismatches that exist between linguistically defined languages and socially defined ethnic groups. An evaluation of previously proposed genetic relations to other language families is followed by a discussion of lexical borrowing and possible areal diffusion of grammatical features from and into neighboring non-Panoan languages and Kechua. The history of Panoan linguistics is chronicled from the first Jesuit and Franciscan vocabularies to the most recent contributions, and priorities for future research are suggested. A typological overview of Panoan phonology, morphology, and syntax is provided along with descriptions of some of the extraordinary linguistic features found in the family. Name taboos, postmortem word taboos, in-law avoidance languages, trade languages, ceremonial languages, and other ethnolinguistic phenomena found in the Panoan family are also discussed.
Anthropological linguistics : an introduction
Language, culture, and history : essays
Gossip and the everyday production of politics
A natural history of associations : a study in the meaning of community. Vol. 2
Learning second national languages : a research report
Language, culture and communication in contemporary Europe
"The study of language, culture, and cognition has become increasingly fragmented into separate disciplines and paradigms. This volume aims to re-establish dialogue between cognitive linguists and linguistic anthropologists with 11 original papers on language, culture and cognition, and an editorial introduction. It demonstrates that cognitively-informed perspectives can contribute to a better understanding of social, cultural, and historical phenomena, and argues that cognitive theories are relevant to linguistic anthropology.
Imagining globalization : language, identities, and boundaries
Intertexts : writings on language, utterance, and context
Linguistic anthropology
Bourdieu, language and linguistics
Ethnosyntax : explorations in grammar and culture
Frontiers of anthropology : an introduction to anthropological thinking
Responsibility and evidence in oral discourse
"You're so fat!" : exploring Ojibwe discourse
A natural history of associations : a study in the meaning of community. Vol. 1
"The field of linguistic anthropology looks at human uniqueness and diversity through the lens of language, our species' special combination of art and instinct. Human language both shapes, and is shaped by, our minds, societies, and cultural worlds"--
Methods for the ethnography of communication : language in use in schools and communities
Gunantuna : aspects of the person, the self and the individual among the Tolai
Havasupai songs : a linguistic perspective
Yuruparí : studies of an Amazonian foundation myth
Social psychology and contact linguistics
He-said-she-said : talk as social organization among black children
Eurasian identity discussion : Identity problems of the smaller Uralic people's in the Russian Federation
How proverbs mean : semantic studies in English proverbs
The jury summation as speech genre : an ethnographic study of what it means to those who use it
The unfolding of language : the evolution of mankind's greatest invention
Anthropology in China : defining the discipline
Afro-American anthropology : contemporary perspectives
Panoan languages and linguistics
On linguistic anthropology essays in honor of Harry Hoijer 1979
A grammar of the Thangmi language : with an ethnolinguistic introduction to the speakers and their culture
From the enemy's point of view : humanity and divinity in an Amazonian society
Living language : an introduction to linguistic anthropology
"Evolutionary linguistics - an approach to language study that takes into account our origins and development as a species - has rapidly developed in recent years. Informed by the latest findings in evolutionary theory, this book sets language within the context of human biology and development, taking ideas from fields such as psychology, neurology, biology, anthropology, genetics and cognitive science. By factoring an evolutionary and developmental perspective into the theoretical framework, the author replaces old questions - such as 'what is language?' - with new questions, such as 'how do living beings become 'languaging' living beings?' Linguistics and Evolution offers readers the first rethinking of an introductory approach to linguistics since Leonard Bloomfield's 1933 Language. It will be of significant interest to advanced students and researchers in all subfields of linguistics, and the related fields of biology, anthropology, cognitive science and psychology"--
The Yimas language of New Guinea
The collected works of Edward Sapir. 5, American Indian languages, 1
Contacts between Finno-Ugric and Indo-Iranian speakers in the light of archaelogical, linguistic and mythological data
The invention of basic colour terms = De uitvinding van basiskleutermen
Assessing ethnolinguistic vitality : theory and practice : selected papers from the Third International Language Assessment Conference
Foundations in sociolinguistics : an ethnographic approach
Aspects of language and culture
Meaning in anthropology
Linguistic anthropology : a reader
This book studies women's language use in bilingual or multi-lingual cultural situations. The authors - social anthropologists, language teachers, and interpreters cover a wide variety of geographical and linguistic situations, from the death of Gaelic in the Outer Hebrides, to the use of Spanish by Quechua and Aymara women in the Andes. Certain common themes emerge: dominant and sub-dominant languages, women's use of them; ambivalent attitudes towards women as translators, interpreters and writers in English as a second language; and the critical role of women in the survival (or death) of minority languages such as Gaelic and Breton.
Ethnophilosophical and ethnolinguistic perspectives on the Huron Indian soul
The linguistic worldview : ethnolinguistics, cognition, and culture
The languages of the 'first nations' : comparison of native American languages from ethnolinguistic perspective
The beloved mothertongue : ethnolinguistic nationalism in small nations : inventories and reflections
Ideologies in action : language politics on Corsica
The sociolinguistics reader. Vol. 1, Multilingualism and variation
Language and ethnic identity
Methods for the Ethnography of Communication is a guide to conducting ethnographic research in classroom and community settings that introduces students to the field of ethnography of communication, and takes them through the recursive and nonlinear cycle of ethnographic research. Drawing on the mnemonic that Hymes used to develop the Ethnography of SPEAKING, the authors introduce the innovative CULTURES framework to provide a helpful structure for moving through the complex process of collecting and analyzing ethnographic data and addresses the larger "how-to" questions that students struggle with when undertaking ethnographic research. Exercises and activities help students make the connection between communicative events, acts, and situations and ways of studying them ethnographically. Integrating a primary focus on language in use within an ethnographic framework makes this book an invaluable core text for courses on ethnography of communication and related areas in a variety of disciplines.
Verbal art in San Blas : Kuna culture through its discourse
Research report : the mental concept of "worm / bug" in Japanese and English idioms
Folk linguistics
"In vain I tried to tell you" : essays in native American ethnopoetics
Language : a doorway between human cultures : tributes to Otto Chr. Dahl on his ninetieth birthday
Linguistics and evolution : a developmental approach
Russian prikazny language in ethnolinguistic perspective (on the manuscripts of the monasteries of the Russian north in the XVIIIth century) : specialization 10.02.01 - the Russian language
The voice of prophecy : and other essays
Postcolonial linguistic voices : identity choices and representations
The domestication of language : cultural evolution and the uniqueness of the human animal
Approaches to language, culture, and cognition : the intersection of cognitive linguistics and linguistic anthropology
Ethnolinguistic identity and vitality of Acadians in New Brunswick
Language without rights
Coral gardens and their magic. Vol. 2, The language of magic and gardening
Language and ethnicity in minority sociolinguistic perspective
Serial verbs in Oceanic : a descriptive typology
New evidence on the concept "Swahili" in Eastern Afica
The ethnography of communication : an introduction
Some thoughts on Tungusic ethnolinguistics
Status and identity in West Africa : Nyamakalaw of Mande
New Guinea : the central highlands
The collected works of Edward Sapir. 7, Wishra texts and ethnography
"Living Language: An Introduction to Linguistic Anthropology is a clear and accessible exploration of the prominent theoretical issues in linguistic anthropology and a student-friendly introduction to the study of language in real-life social contexts around the world. Combining classic studies on language in social contexts and cutting-edge, contemporary scholarship, Ahearn provides a unifying synthesis of research in linguistic anthropology and looks towards future research in the field. Treating language as inextricably intertwined with culture and social relations Living Language combines theory with examples of contemporary language use to explore the way in which language creates, maintains, challenges, and reconfigures social hierarchies. Chapter topics include gender, race, and ethnicity, language acquisition and socialization, performance, literacy practices, multilingualism, and globalization. Laura Ahearn introduces the fascinating field of linguistic anthropology as well as underlining the value of an ethnographically grounded approach to the study of language"--
Ethnolinguistics and cultural concepts : truth, love, hate and war
Ethnolinguistic Chicago : language and literacy in the city's neighborhoods
Ethnologue : language family index : to the thirteenth edition of the Ethnologue, [languages of the world]
Folklore of Bangladesh. Vol. 1
A dictionary of non-scientific names of freshwater crayfishes (Astacoidea and Parastacoidea), including other words and phrases incorporating crayfish names
"'Ethnolinguistics' is the study of how language relates to culture and ethnicity. This book offers an original approach to ethnolinguistics, discussing how abstract concepts such as truth, love, hate and war are expressed across cultures and ethnicities. James W. Underhill seeks to situate these key cultural concepts within four languages (English, French, Czech and German). Not only do these concepts differ from language to language, but they go on changing over time. The book explores issues such as how far meaning is politically and culturally influenced, how far language shapes the thought of ethnic groups and how far their thought shapes language, and the role of individuals in the consolidation of cultural concepts. It offers a clear and thought-provoking account of how concepts are understood and will be welcomed by those working in the fields of sociolinguistics, linguistic anthropology, discourse analysis, semantics and pragmatics"--
Multiactivity in social interaction : beyond multitasking
Ethno-logic : the anthropology of human reasoning
ALWAYS COMING HOME is not the story of the Kesh. Rather it is the stories of the Kesh - stories, poems, songs, recipes - ALWAYS COMING HOME is no less than an anthropological account of a community that does not yet exist, a tour de force of imaginative fiction by one of modern literature's great voices. First published 1985.
Language, ethnicity and education : case studies on immigrant minority groups and immigrant minority languages
The Cambridge Handbook of Linguistic Anthropology
Directions in sociolinguistics : the ethnography of communication
Contact languages : a comprehensive guide
Grammars of colonialism : representing languages in colonial South Africa
Bedouin, village and urban Arabic : an ecolinguistic study
Kuna ways of speaking : an ethnographic perspective
Codeswitching : anthropological and sociolinguistic perspectives
Metaphor and the historical : evolution of conceptual mapping
Referential practice : language and lived space among the Maya
Raising important questions about the nature of language and the creativity of speakers, Ana Deumert examines the role of multimodality and intertextuality in creating meaning, as well as the realities and consequences of digital linguistic inequality. Taking a global perspective and drawing on original multilingual data and analyses from South Africa, this book presents a nuanced, ethnographically-informed understanding of mobile communication and sociolinguistics, exploring a wide range of digital applications. Key features: 1. explains and illustrates core concepts in sociolinguistics and linguistic anthropology; 2. applies sociolinguistic theories of language (from Humboldt and Sapir to post-structuralism) to new media; 3. focus on linguistic creativity and poetic language; 4. offers a global and multilingual perspective on digital communication practices; 5. includes original case studies of African data; and 6. explores digital inequality and its consequences for sociolinguistic research. -- Back cover.
Language maintenance and language death : the decline of Texas Alsatian
The ancient picture of the world in Indo-Iranian and Finno-Ugic languages
The neolithic period of north-western Siberia : The question of southern connections
Yupik Eskimo prosodic systems : descriptive and comparative studies
"Accessible and clearly written, Living Language: An Introduction to Linguistic Anthropology introduces readers to the study of language in real-life social contexts around the world through the contemporary theory and practice of linguistic anthropology. A highly accessible introduction to the study of language in real-life social contexts around the world Combines classic studies on language and cutting-edge contemporary scholarship and assumes no prior knowledge in linguistics or anthropology Provides a unifying synthesis of current research and considers future directions for the field Covers key topics such as: language and gender, race, and ethnicity; language acquisition and socialization in children and adults; language death and revitalization; performance; language and thought; literacy practices; and multilingualism and globalization"--
Language and ethnic relations
Ethnologue : languages of the world
The Russian Imperial Acedemy of Sciences and Western Transcaucasia 1780s-1850s
Can fish-and-chip shop become nakkikioski? : a study of the difficulties in translating culture-specific terms in David Lodge's novel Small world
The collected works of Edward Sapir. 8, Takelma texts and grammar
Semiotics, self, and society
Explorations in the ethnography of speaking
Language ideologies : practice and theory
The ethnic process : an evolutionary concept of languages and peoples
Northern European prehistory, from above
Translating worlds : the epistemological space of translation
Methods in language and social interaction
Culture and language development : language acquisition and language socialization in a Samoan village
Metaphor networks : the comparative evolution of figurative language
An essay on Saami ethnolinguistic prehistory
Time, language and cognition
Cultures, languages, understanding
The Routledge handbook of language and culture
Language, culture, and society : key topics in linguistic anthropology
The pear stories : cognitive, cultural, and linguistic aspects of narrative production
Disorderly discourse : narrative, conflict, & inequality
