http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28018 medical substance dependence
medical substance dependence
More, now, again : a memoir of addiction
Gendered moods : psychotropics and society
Elizabeth Ettorre offers a clear account of women and substance use in a field which has been resistant to a woman-oriented perspective. The authors of most "addiction studies" view women as stigmatized and marginalized. Ettorre strongly counters this perspective. She focuses specifically on women's use of alcohol, prescribed drugs (specifically minor tranquilizers), heroin, tobacco, and food. Using the term "substance use" rather than "abuse" throughout the text, she directly challenges ideas regarding women in the field of addiction. More significantly. Ettorre deliberately puts forward a feminist perspective rooted in the identity and consciousness of women substance users. In order to expose the major misconception held by both clinicians and researchers in the field - that women substance abusers are a homogeneous group - Ettorre provides separate analyses of the different substances used and abused by women. She emphasizes the types of feminist strategies to use which will mobilize women in the substance abuse field. These strategies, she argues, must become increasingly visible if changes are to occur. Women need to build an alternative creative response which challenges the pervasive dogmatism in the substance abuse field. Ettorre's book will generate interest in an avowedly collective, feminist approach.
Own observation of an adverse reaction : disulfiram and liver effects
The alcoholism & addiction cure
" 'The medical establishment has become a major threat to health'. So begins Ivan Illich's spirited and reasoned attack upon the mythic prestige of contemporary medicines, examining the customs and rituals conducted by the medical profession. Relentlessly and with full documentation taken from recognized medical sources Illich proves the impotence of medical services to change life expectancy, the insignificant of most contemporary clinical care in curing disease, the magnitude of medically inflicted damage to health, and the futility of medical and political counter-measures. Illich's deeply shocking analysis into the clinical and social reality of doctor-made illness examines the culture of health, sickness and suffering and includes an historical examination of the concept and image of death. Only by recognizing and insisting upon the essential ingredients personal health, Illich argues, can individuals recover the integrity of their bodies and lives. 'People need no bureaucratic interference to mate, give birth, share the human condition, and die. Man's consciously lived fragility; individuality and relatedness make the experience of pain, of sickness and of death an integral part of his life. The ability to cope with this trio autonomously is fundamental to his health'." -- (Back Cover)
How to quit without feeling s**t
Prescriptions in telepsychiatry
Use your brain to beat addiction : the complete guide to understanding and tackling addiction
Already dead
Abstract: Power and production of meanings in substitution treatment of opioid users.
Drug treatment of alcohol dependence : an evidence based review
Compulsive gambling due to antiparkinsonian agent?
Population, professional and client views on  the dangerousness of addictions : testing the  familiarity hypothesis
The astonishing account of the decades-long cocaine use of Sigmund Freud and William Halsted. The author discusses the physical and emotional damage caused by the constant use of the then-heralded wonder drug, and of how each man ultimately changed the world in spite of it - or because of it.
Dopamine transporter in alcoholism : a SPET Study
Sweetheart
Tobacco and health:a study of young adults in Northern Finland
"Tobacco, alcohol and gambling corporations have been highly effective in stalling, diverting and blocking public health measures. This book provides an original and engaging expose; of the ethical issues faced by people and organizations when they accept industry money in ways that facilitate corporate influence with the public and with policy makers. It starts with a detailed examination of the risks of accepting such profits and what might be done to reduce them, then moves on to introduce the concept of a continuum of 'moral jeopardy' which shifts the emphasis from accept/not accept binaries to a focus on the extent to which people are willing to accept funding. This shift encourages people to think and speak more about the risks and to develop clearer positions for themselves. The content will be helpful to those working in government agencies, addiction services, community organizations or anyone interested in reducing the harms of addictive consumption"--Provided by publisher.
Prozac nation : young & depressed in America
Sleep bruxism : genetic factors and psychoactive substances studies in finnish twins
Tonic GABAergic inhibition as a new way to regulate mesolimbic dopamine system
Common sense comes up trumps in the withdrawal of benzodiazepines
Addiction trajectories
Drugs and addictive behaviour : a guide to treatment
The Social psychology of drug abuse
The pharmacy technician series. Vol. 4, Pharmacology
Consequences and behaviour problematised : the establishment of alcohol misuse as an object of empirical inquiry in late 18th- and early 19th-century European medicine
Clinical manual of addiction psychopharmacology
Shifting focus in substitution treatment in the Nordic countries
Healing the addicted brain : the revolutionary, science-based alcoholism and addiction recovery program
Pathophysiology for the health professions
Limits to medicine : medical Nemesis : the expropriation of health
Power and dependence : social audit on the safety of medicines
The biology of desire : why addiction is not a disease
WHO Expert Committee on Drug Dependence : thirty-third report
Nicotine dependence and smoking behaviour : a genetic and epidemiological study
Forces of habit : drugs and the making of the modern world
Highlights of modern psychiatry
Drug-induced synaptic plasticity in addiction : the mesolimbic dopamine pathway and benzodiazepines
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Substance use disorders in adolescence : comorbidity, temporality of onset and socio-demographic background : a study of adolescent psychiatric inpatients in Northern Finland
Role of cerebral dopamine and noradrenaline in locomotor sensitization to morphine in mice
Auditory information processing in methadone maintenance patients revealed by simultaneous EEG and MEG
Genetic aspects of alcoholism : proceedings of the Satellite Symposium "Alcohol and Genetics" held in Sapporo, Japan, June 23-24, 1988 : 4th Congress of the International Society for Biomedical Research on Alcoholism
Cognitive function in opioid substitution treated patients : associations with drug treatment variables
Understanding addiction behaviours : theoretical and clinical practice in health and social care
Treating alcohol and drug abuse : an evidence based review
Understanding addiction has never been more important, as many professionals, from counsellors and nurses, to social workers and health psychologists, encounter addictive behaviour on a daily basis. Looking at addiction in all of its forms, this multi-disciplinary book provides a comprehensive introduction to the substances and the activities which can lead to excessive and addictive behaviour. It discusses pharmacological addictions, including both legal and illegal substances. It also covers nonpharmacological dependencies (such as internet addiction, eating disorders, gambling and sexual addiction) which, despite their prevalence, are often absent from the literature on addiction. Drawing on the field's broad evidence base, the book features: a- coverage of eleven types of addictive substances and activities, outlining signs, symptoms, adverse consequences and assessment and intervention strategies for each; a- a range of engaging reflective activities and case studies to link theoretical discussion directly to practice; a- analysis of the broader context of addiction, including dual diagnosis and harm reduction, and issues relating to diversity and service provision. Offering a rigorous introduction to the full spectrum of addictive behaviour, this book is essential reading for anyone seeking to understand the nature of addiction for contemporary practice.
Women and substance use
Psychology of addictive behaviour
Your drugs may be your problem : how and why to stop taking psychiatric medications
Sleep bruxism - genetic factors and psychoactive substances studies in finnish twins
Modulation of brain dopaminergic neurotransmission in alcohol-preferring rats by alcohol and opioids
A primer of drug action : a concise, nontechnical guide to the actions, uses, and side effects of psychoactive drugs
Psychopharmacology : drugs, the brain, and behavior
WHO Expert Committee on Drug Dependence : thirty-fourth report
Inter-twin and parent-twin relationships and mental health : a study of twins from adolescence to young adulthood
The Oxford handbook of neuroethics
Drug-induced synaptic plasticity in addiction : The mesolimbic dopamine pathway and benzodiazepines
Formulation studies for eliminating saliva carcinogenic acetaldehyde with L-cysteine containing chewing gum
Season of the witch
Tranquillisers are prescribed to almost twice as many women as men, yet very little gender-based research has been carried out on the social context of their use. Gendered Moods offers the first feminist analysis of the gendered character of psychotropic drug use, based on studies of long-term psychotropic drug users and the content of drug advertising. The authors argue that gender differences in psychotropic drug use are manifestations of the gendered construction of society as a whole, and that, as a result, women are particularly susceptible to being channelled into a state of dependency on prescribed drugs. Exploring current social scientific debates relating to drug users and providers, Gendered Moods also provides a critical review of previous research. It is a much needed introduction to a neglected area of study.
Benzodiazepine discontinuation treatment in outpatients with complicated dependence
Rewarding properties of psychomotor stimulants and morphine : pharmacological modulation of their conditioning or sensitization in rats
Substance use disorders in psychiatric consultations : service provision in general hospitals
Drugs 2.0 : the web revolution that's changing how the world gets high
The use of nervous system drugs and the risk of fractures in old adults
Buprenorphine : features of abuse and methods for improving unobserved dosing in opioid substitution treatment
Moral jeopardy : risks of accepting money from the alcohol, tobacco and gambling industries
An anatomy of addiction : Sigmund Freud, William Halsted and the miracle drug cocaine
All fall down : a novel
Addiction reviews 2008
Role of brain dopamine in psychomotor stimulation induced by morphine and cocaine in alcohol-preferring and alcohol-avoiding rats
Improving maintenance treatment of opiate addiction : clinical aspects
Sedative or hypnotic drug dependence : personality and neuropsychological characteristics
Painkiller addict : from wreckage to redemption : my true story
Implications of co-twin dependence for twins' social interactions, mental health and alcohol use : a follow-up study of Finnish twins from adolescence to early adulthood
Dopamine transporter in alcoholism : a SPET study
Implementation of substitution treatment in Finland : beyond rationalisation and medicalisation
Psychiatric drug withdrawal : a guide for prescribers, therapists, patients, and their families
Reconsidering medication-assisted drug  treatment
