http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28075 war series
war series
The mammoth book of best war comics
The lost hero
DMZ. Book four
Heroes fly high! : Six of the best Commando RAF comic books ever!
Tank attack : Three of the best armoured warfare Commando comic book adventures
Dr. Seuss & Co. go to war : the World War II editorial cartoons of America's leading comic artists
Charley's war : The great mutiny
DMZ. [12] : The five nations of New York
Light brigade
The oath of the five lords
Pride of Baghdad
Dive! Dive! Dive! : three of the best submarine commando comic book adventures
Deogratias : a tale if Rwanda
Above the dreamless dead : World War I in poetry and comics
Bomb run and other stories
Unknown soldier. Vol. 2 : Easy kill
Red Baron 2. Rain of blood
Marching to glory : Six of the best Commando army comic books ever!
Hit the dirt! : Six of the best comic-book adventures from Battle picture library
The incal : classic collection
The war to end all wars : World War One 1914-1918
Classics G.I. Joe. Volume 1
Star Wars art : comics
The ice queen : a novel
The secret of the swordfish. Part 3 : SX1 strikes back
World war 1 in cartoons
Goddamn This War!
Red Baron 3. Dungeons and dragons
It was the war of the trenches
Sven Hassel : Wheels of terror
The Pacific : Tyynenmeren taistelutoverit
Big Bad Ironclad! covers the history of the amazing ironclad steam warships used in the Civil War. From the ship's inventor, who had a history of blowing things up and only 100 days to complete his project, to the mischievous William Cushing, who pranked his way through the whole war, this book is filled with surprisingly true facts and funny, brave characters that modern readers will easily relate to / Library of Congress.
Charley's war [Vol X]: The end
Charley's war [Vol V]: Return to the front
"The startlingly original look at life on the streets of Baghdad during the Iraq War inspired by true events arrives in a stunning new softcover edition. In this provocative graphic novel, superstar comics writer Brian K. Vaughan examines life on the streets of war-torn Iraq. In the spring of 2003, a pride of lions escaped from the Baghdad Zoo during an American bombing raid. Lost and confused, hungry but finally free, the four lions roamed the decimated streets of Baghdad in a desperate struggle for their lives. In documenting the plight of the lions, PRIDE OF BAGHDAD raises questions about the true meaning of liberation: Can it be given, or is it earned only through self-determination and sacrifice? And in the end, is it truly better to die free than to live life in captivity? This moving graphic novel is inspired by true events. This new Deluxe Edition hardcover presents the original graphic novel, plus developmental art and more". / Provided by publisher.
Barefoot Gen. Volume three : life after the bomb / translated by Project Gen
Up and at 'em : 11 of the most battle scarred war picture library comic books ever!
Line of fire : diary of an unknown soldier (August, September 1914)
No surrender! : Six of the best comic-book adventures from War ace picture library
Charley's war [Vol VIII]: Hitler's youth
In the near future, America's worst nightmare has come true. With military adventurism overseas bogging down the Army and National Guard, the U.S. government mistakenly neglects the very real threat of anti-establishment militias scattered across the 50 states. Like a sleeping giant, Middle America rises up and violently pushes its way to the shining seas, coming to a standstill at the line in the sand--Manhattan or, as the world now knows it, the DMZ. In this new DMZ hardcover, a new leader rises in the DMZ - but what will that mean for Matty Roth, a journalist who calls the zone home? After a near-tragic misadventure in Staten Island, Matty returns to find Parco Delgado in office as provisional governor of New York. Matty's first task under the Delgado regime? Tracking down the source of one of the DMZ's greatest urban legends. Collects DMZ #29-44." / WorldCat.
Unknown soldier. Vol. 1 : Haunted house
Johnny Red [Volume 3] : Angels over Stalingrad
Star Wars : Splinter of the Minds Eye
Commando: Battle of Britain scramble! : The 10 best Commando Battle of Britain comic books ever!
Monsters : history's most evil men and women
The Pacific- Tyynenmeren taistelutoverit (BD)
The rise of Cobra
Burrows : a Red River mystery
The Rocketeer at war
The Great War : July 1, 1916 : the first day of the Battle of the Somme : an illustrated panorama
Nanjing : the burning city
Unknown soldier. [Vol. 4] : Beautiful world
Charley's war [Vol II]: 1 august 1916 - 17 october 1916
War of kings
Let em have it : 12 of the best battle picture library comic books ever!
Star wars art : comics
War-fix
Nathan Hale, the author's historical namesake, was America's first spy, a Revolutionary War hero who famously said "I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country" before being hanged by the British. In the Nathan Hale's Hazardous Tales series, author Nathan Hale channels his namesake to present history's roughest, toughest, and craziest stories in the graphic novel format / Library of Congress.
Against all odds : 12 of the best war picture library comic books ever!
Saga. Volume two
Trenches
Between hell and a hard place
The amazing adventures of Kavalier & Clay : a novel
Fax from sarajevo / A story of survival
Pride of Baghdad : inspired by a true story
Barefoot Gen. [Volume 2] : The day after / translated by Dadakai and Project Gen ; [with an introduction by Art Spiegelman]: a cartoon story of Hiroshima
Unknown soldier. Vol. 3 : Dry season
Airborne assault : Three of the best airborne forces Commando comic book adventures
Rampaging raiders! : Six of the best Commando mission comic books ever!
Barefoot gen : A cartoon story of hiroshima
Big bad ironclad! : a civil war steamship showdown
Aces high : 10 of the best air ace library comic books ever!
Barefoot gen : The day after : a cartoon story of hiroshima
Sure and certain death
We stand on guard
Star Wars: Chewbacca
The Harlem hellfighters
A family secret: a graphic novel of courage and resistance brought to you by the Anne Frank House
Birdsong. Series 1
G.I. Joe : Snake Eyes : Cobra civil war. volume 1
Charley's war [Vol IV]: Blue's story
Charley's war [Vol VII]: The great mutiny
Strike back. Season four
Strike back. Season three
Red Baron 1. The machine gunners' ball
The mark of Athena
War brothers : the graphic novel
Wings of death! : Six of the best comic-book adventures from Air ace picture library
Over the top! : the 10 most daring First World War Commando stories ever!
The war
The Fixer / a story from Sarajevo
G.I. Joe : best of Storm Shadow
Charley's war [Vol VI]: Underground and over the top
The deadly seas : Six of the best Commando royal navy comic books ever!
World War II in cartoons
The secret of the swordfish. Part 1 : The incredible chase
G.I. Joe : Snake Eyes : Cobra civil war. volume 2
The best of G.I.Joe
Weapons of vengeance : Three of the best secret weapons Commando comic book adventures
The complete battlefields. Volume 1
The blues in the mud
The other side
The sinking of Laconia
Northlanders. Book three : Blood in the snow
One dead spy : the life, times and last words of Nathan Hale, America's most famous spy
Northlanders. Book two : The cross + the hammer
DMZ. Book five
"In the near future, America's worst nightmare has come true. With military adventurism overseas bogging down the Army and National Guard, the U.S. government mistakenly neglects the very real threat of anti-establishment militias scattered across the 50 states. Like a sleeping giant, Middle America rises up and violently pushes its way to the shining seas, coming to a standstill at the line in the sand--Manhattan or, as the world now knows it, the DMZ. Matty Roth, a naïve young man and aspiring photojournalist, lands a dream gig following a veteran war journalist into the heart of the DMZ. Things soon go terribly wrong, and Matty finds himself lost and alone in a world he's only seen on television. There, he is faced with a choice: try to find a way off the island, or make his career with an assignment most journalists would kill for. But can he survive in a war zone long enough to report the truth?" / WorldCat.
Enemy ace : war in heaven
Safe area Goražde : [the war in Eastern Bosnia 1992-95]
Children of wartime
Good-bye [1971-1972]
Sukellusvene U-96 = Das Boot : the original uncut version
DMZ. Book three
Age of bronze : the story of the Troja war. Vol. 3A, part 1, Betrayal
Tally ho!: three of the best air-war commando comic books adventures
Gears of war. [1]
Desert rats : three of the best North African desert war commando comic book adventures
The secret of the swordfish. Part 2 : Mortimer's escape
Who dares wins : three of the best special operations commando comic book adventures
White death
