http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2808 linguistic anthropology
linguistic anthropology
Transcendence and the anthropology of Christianity : language, change, and individualism
Perennial Malay : vehicle of global influences
The disarticulate : language, disability, and the narratives of modernity
Anthropology : the exploration of human diversity
Sociolinguistics and mobile communication
Explorations in language and meaning : towards a semantic anthropology
"There are more than six thousand human languages, each one unique. For the last five hundred years, people have argued about how important language differences are. This book traces that history and shows how language differences have generally been treated either as of no importance or as all-important, depending on broader approaches taken to human life and knowledge. It was only in the twentieth century, in the work of Franz Boas and his students, that an attempt was made to engage seriously with the reality of language specificities. Since the 1950s, this work has been largely presented as yet another claim that language differences are all-important by cognitive scientists and philosophers who believe that such differences are of no importance. This book seeks to correct this misrepresentation and point to the new directions taken by the Boasians, directions now being recovered in the most recent work in psychology and linguistics"--
Do you see what I mean? : Plains Indian sign talk and the embodiment of action
Culture, language and personality : selected essays
Double talk : bilingualism and the politics of ethnicity in Catalonia
Language, culture, and mind : natural constructions and social kinds
Speaking for the chief : Ȯkyeame and the politics of Akan royal oratory
Language, thought, and reality : selected writings of Benjamin Lee Whorf
The logic of culture : advances in structural theory and methods
Theorizing the Americanist tradition
Speech play and verbal art
Anthropological linguistics : an introduction
Language, culture, and history : essays
Verbal art across cultures : the aesthetics and proto-aesthetics of communication
Social anthropology and language
"The study of language, culture, and cognition has become increasingly fragmented into separate disciplines and paradigms. This volume aims to re-establish dialogue between cognitive linguists and linguistic anthropologists with 11 original papers on language, culture and cognition, and an editorial introduction. It demonstrates that cognitively-informed perspectives can contribute to a better understanding of social, cultural, and historical phenomena, and argues that cognitive theories are relevant to linguistic anthropology.
Transgressing boundaries : worldly conversation, politeness and sociability in Ancien Régime France, 1660-1789
Linguistic anthropology
Himalayan space : cultural horizons and practices
Explorations in Navajo poetry and poetics
A companion to linguistic anthropology
"You're so fat!" : exploring Ojibwe discourse
"The field of linguistic anthropology looks at human uniqueness and diversity through the lens of language, our species' special combination of art and instinct. Human language both shapes, and is shaped by, our minds, societies, and cultural worlds"--
Sounds like life : sound-symbolic grammar, performance, and cognition in Pastaza Quechua
Stories at trial
Linguistic diversity
Where is language? : an anthropologist's questions on language, literature and performance
Economical writing
Rethinking linguistic relativity
Based on fieldwork carried out in a Mayan village in Guatemala, this book examines local understandings of mind through the lens of language and culture. It focuses on a variety of grammatical structures and discursive practices through which mental states are encoded and social relations are expressed: inalienable possessions, such as body parts and kinship terms; interjections, such as 'ouch' and 'yuck'; complement-taking predicates, such as 'believe' and 'desire'; and grammatical categories such as mood, status and evidentiality. And, more generally, it develops a theoretical framework through which both community-specific and human-general features of mind may be contrasted and compared. It will be of interest to researchers and students working within the disciplines of anthropology, linguistics, psychology, and philosophy.
Migrant communication enterprises : regimentation and resistance
Speak into the mirror : a story of linguistic anthropology
Corpus perspectives on patterns of lexis
Language is integral to our social being. But what is the status of those who stand outside of language The mentally disabled, wild children, people with autism and other neurological disorders, as well as animals, infants, angels, and artificial intelligences, have all engaged with language from a position at its borders. In the intricate verbal constructions of modern literature, the "disarticulate", those at the edges of language, have, paradoxically, played essential, defining roles. Drawing on the disarticulate figures in modern fictional works such as Billy Budd, The Sound and the Fury, Nightwood, White Noise, and The Echo Maker, among others, the author shows in this study how these characters mark sites at which aesthetic, philosophical, ethical, political, medical, and scientific discourses converge. It is also the place of the greatest ethical tension, as society confronts the needs and desires of the least of its brothers. Here the author argues that the disarticulate is that which is unaccountable in the discourses of modernity and thus stands as an alternative to the prevailing social order. Using literary history and theory, as well as disability and trauma theory, he examines how these disarticulate figures reveal modernity's anxieties in terms of how it constructs its others.
The evolutionary emergence of language : social function and the origins of linguistic form
Living language : an introduction to linguistic anthropology
"Evolutionary linguistics - an approach to language study that takes into account our origins and development as a species - has rapidly developed in recent years. Informed by the latest findings in evolutionary theory, this book sets language within the context of human biology and development, taking ideas from fields such as psychology, neurology, biology, anthropology, genetics and cognitive science. By factoring an evolutionary and developmental perspective into the theoretical framework, the author replaces old questions - such as 'what is language?' - with new questions, such as 'how do living beings become 'languaging' living beings?' Linguistics and Evolution offers readers the first rethinking of an introductory approach to linguistics since Leonard Bloomfield's 1933 Language. It will be of significant interest to advanced students and researchers in all subfields of linguistics, and the related fields of biology, anthropology, cognitive science and psychology"--
Anthropology : race, language, culture, psychology, prehistory
Stranger sociality in the home : Israeli Hebrew as register in Latino domestic interaction
Assessing ethnolinguistic vitality : theory and practice : selected papers from the Third International Language Assessment Conference
Linguistic anthropology : a reader
Cultural models in language and thought
Linguistic form and social action
This unique critical sociolinguistic ethnography explores alternative migrant-regulated institutions of resistance and subversive communication technology: the "locutorios" or ethnic call shops. These migrant-owned businesses act as a window into their multimodal and hybrid linguistic and communicative practices, and into their own linguistic hierarchies and non-mainstream sociolinguistic orders. Here, socially displaced but technologically empowered transnational migrant populations actively find subversive ways to access information and communication technologies. As such they mobilise their own resources to successfully inhabit Catalonia, at the margins of powerful institutions The book also focuses on the (internal) social organisation dynamics, as well as on the simultaneous fight against, and re-production of, practices and processes of social difference and social inequality.
"This volume presents a new approach to "ritual communication" by an international group of scholars from a multidisciplinary and cross-cultural perspective, rich with empirical data and path breaking for future theorizing on the topic. The chapters show how ritual communication involves witnessing a future through the making of cultural knowledge. They show ritual communication to be a highly "self-oriented" multimodal process in which the human body, temporalization, and spatialized settings play crucial roles. Ritual communication encompasses both verbal and sensory attributes. It is in part dependent upon prior formulaic and repeated action, and is thus anticipated within particular contexts of social interaction. It is performed and therefore subject to evaluation by its participants according to standards defined by language ideologies, local aesthetics, contexts of use, and interpersonal relations. The authors here emphasize the variety of participatory and experiential aspects of ritual communication in contemporary African, Native American, Asian, and Pacific cultures. Among the forms covered are ritual constraints on everyday interaction, gossip, private and public encounters, political meetings and public demonstrations, rites of passage, theatrical performances, magical formulae, shamanic chants, affinal civilities, and leaders' ceremonial discourse. The book is ideal for students and scholars in anthropology and linguistic anthropology in particular"--Provided by publisher.
Siraya : retrieving the phonology, grammar and lexicon of a dormant Formosan language
Journal of linguistic anthropology
Mother wit from the laughing barrel : readings in the interpretation of afro-american folklore
Folk linguistics
Cultural anthropology
White talk black talk : inter-racial friendship and communication amongst adolescents
The social origins of language
Linguistics and evolution : a developmental approach
Telling our selves : ethnicity and discourse in southwestern Alaska
The voice of prophecy : and other essays
Approaches to language, culture, and cognition : the intersection of cognitive linguistics and linguistic anthropology
Don't sleep, there are snakes : life and language in the Amazonian jungle
The legacy of Dell Hymes : ethnopoetics, narrative inequality, and voice
The problem of context
Discourse and inference in cognitive anthropology : an approach to psychic unity and enculturation
Language of the Sierra Miwok
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
The cradle of language
"Living Language: An Introduction to Linguistic Anthropology is a clear and accessible exploration of the prominent theoretical issues in linguistic anthropology and a student-friendly introduction to the study of language in real-life social contexts around the world. Combining classic studies on language in social contexts and cutting-edge, contemporary scholarship, Ahearn provides a unifying synthesis of research in linguistic anthropology and looks towards future research in the field. Treating language as inextricably intertwined with culture and social relations Living Language combines theory with examples of contemporary language use to explore the way in which language creates, maintains, challenges, and reconfigures social hierarchies. Chapter topics include gender, race, and ethnicity, language acquisition and socialization, performance, literacy practices, multilingualism, and globalization. Laura Ahearn introduces the fascinating field of linguistic anthropology as well as underlining the value of an ethnographically grounded approach to the study of language"--
Ethnolinguistics and cultural concepts : truth, love, hate and war
Everyday life : a poetics of vernacular practices
Story, performance, and event : contextual studies of oral narrative
Unity in diversity : Indonesia as a field of anthropological study
"'Ethnolinguistics' is the study of how language relates to culture and ethnicity. This book offers an original approach to ethnolinguistics, discussing how abstract concepts such as truth, love, hate and war are expressed across cultures and ethnicities. James W. Underhill seeks to situate these key cultural concepts within four languages (English, French, Czech and German). Not only do these concepts differ from language to language, but they go on changing over time. The book explores issues such as how far meaning is politically and culturally influenced, how far language shapes the thought of ethnic groups and how far their thought shapes language, and the role of individuals in the consolidation of cultural concepts. It offers a clear and thought-provoking account of how concepts are understood and will be welcomed by those working in the fields of sociolinguistics, linguistic anthropology, discourse analysis, semantics and pragmatics"--
Unwrapping the sacred bundle : reflections on the disciplining of anthropology
American anthropology and company : historical explorations
The Cambridge Handbook of Linguistic Anthropology
Ethnography and language policy
Oxford handbook of language evolution
The human use of signs, or: Elements of anthroposemiosis
Coast Salish essays
The anthropology of intentions : language in a world of others
Becoming eloquent : advances in the emergence of language, human cognition, and modern cultures
Referential practice : language and lived space among the Maya
Linguistic evolution through language acquisition
Language ecology and linguistic boundaries in Sekadau, Indonesian Borneo
Language and the politics of emotion
Raising important questions about the nature of language and the creativity of speakers, Ana Deumert examines the role of multimodality and intertextuality in creating meaning, as well as the realities and consequences of digital linguistic inequality. Taking a global perspective and drawing on original multilingual data and analyses from South Africa, this book presents a nuanced, ethnographically-informed understanding of mobile communication and sociolinguistics, exploring a wide range of digital applications. Key features: 1. explains and illustrates core concepts in sociolinguistics and linguistic anthropology; 2. applies sociolinguistic theories of language (from Humboldt and Sapir to post-structuralism) to new media; 3. focus on linguistic creativity and poetic language; 4. offers a global and multilingual perspective on digital communication practices; 5. includes original case studies of African data; and 6. explores digital inequality and its consequences for sociolinguistic research. -- Back cover.
Key terms in language and culture
Toward a theory of cultural linguistics
Native South American discourse
"Accessible and clearly written, Living Language: An Introduction to Linguistic Anthropology introduces readers to the study of language in real-life social contexts around the world through the contemporary theory and practice of linguistic anthropology. A highly accessible introduction to the study of language in real-life social contexts around the world Combines classic studies on language and cutting-edge contemporary scholarship and assumes no prior knowledge in linguistics or anthropology Provides a unifying synthesis of current research and considers future directions for the field Covers key topics such as: language and gender, race, and ethnicity; language acquisition and socialization in children and adults; language death and revitalization; performance; language and thought; literacy practices; and multilingualism and globalization"--
Explorations in the ethnography of speaking
Language ideologies : practice and theory
Linguistic relativities : language diversity and modern thought
The prehistory of language
Translating worlds : the epistemological space of translation
Communication and social order
"That's a great culture. I've got to learn that culture" : a conversation with John B. Haviland
Register : intersections of language, context and communication : pre-print materials of the international colloquium 23rd-25th May 2012, Helsinki, Finland
Being and becoming Hausa : interdisciplinary perspectives
