http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28008 musical scales
musical scales
Advanced scale concepts and licks for guitar
The jazz chord/scale handbook : a comprehensive organisational guide to scales and chords found in jazz and contemporary music
Modal & Contemporary Patterns
The guitarist fake book : chord / melody style
Scale syllabus : as played by David Liebman & Jamey Aebersold : for all instrumentalists
Soloing strategies for guitar
Modes for guitar
Guitar soloing : the contemporary guide to improvisation
Scales in context : a pain-free way to learn your scales!
Pares scales : for individual study and like-instrument class instruction : french horn, Eb alto or mellophone
Thesaurus of scales and melodic patterns
The guitar player's songwriting bible
Do-it-yourself musical ear training
Hands on guitar!
Complete guitar scale dictionary
Mathematical models of musical scales : a new approach
Jazz guitar soloing : the cellular approach
Fretboard freedom
Pares scales for saxophone : for individual study and like-instrument class instruction
Jazz guitar study series : book two: daily excercises in the melodic and harmonic minor modes
Jazz blues soloing for guitar : the comprehensive study guide
The guitar grimoire : a compendium of formulas for guitar scales and modes
The complete book of scales, chords, arpeggios & cadences : includes all the major, minor (natural, harmonic, melodic) & chromatic scales - plus additional instructions on music fundamentals
Scales : for the guitar in 3D
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 3, Capturing the basic chord qualities
Advanced guitar soloing : the professional guide to improvisation
Ear training. Volume 2 : Twelve basic interval sounds to master : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music
Guitarist's guide to scales over chords : the foundation of melodic soloing
Instant scale and chord guide for keyboards
Bass guitar : scales and melodic patterns
A creative approach to practicing jazz : new and exciting strategies for unlocking your creative potential
Around the horn : 21 modal scales and arpeggios every jazz musician should know
Jazz chord progressions
Mel Bay's rock guitar improvising
Scale shapes for piano. Grade 5
Pentatonic scales for jazz improvisation. The Ramon Ricker improvisation series
Line games : an in-depth study of single-note lines for guitar
Scale-chord connection
Hanon for students. Book 3, 7 varied exercises from The virtuoso pianist for intermediate pianists
Intergalactic bass : scales, arpeggios, fingerings, theory & much more!
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 2, Twelve basic interval sounds to master
The path to fretboard mastery
Jazz scales for bass
Harmonic colours for bass : [a musical approach to chord and scale relationships]
Chromatism/Non-diatonic scales : how to play outside the stated tonality
Chords & scales for dobro and lap steel guitar
Scales & arpeggios for the trumpet
The complete guide to playing blues guitar compilation : books one, two and three
Jazz improvisation : principles and practices relating to harmonic and scalic resources
The blues scales : Eb version : essential tools for jazz improvisation : for all instruments
Viola : scales, arpeggios & studies : for Trinity Guildhall examinations from 2007 : initial-grade 8.
Minor is major
Viuluasteikkoja lapsille : Violin scales for children = Tonleiter für Kinder. 2.
Contemporary violin technique. Volume two, Double and multiple stops in scale and arpeggio exercises
Discusses the physical properties of musical instruments, analyzes the mathematical origins of scales in Western culture and in music from around the world, and investigates myriad tunings that surpass the standard twelve-tone scale routinely built into factory-produced instruments.
The advanced guitar case scale book : over 100 essential scales for the contemporary guitarist. Fully fingered in standard notation and tablature
Ukulele scale finder : Easy-to-use guide to over 1300 ukulele scales
Jazz piano method : the player's guide to authentic styling
The melodic minor handbook : A jazz player's perspective
Hanon for students. Book 2, 7 varied exercises from The virtuoso pianist for early intermediate pianists
Inside improvisation series. Vol. 5 : Thesaurus of intervallic melodies
Master scale & chord guide for keyboard
Altered states : applying diminished and whole-tone concepts to rock guitar
You can teach yourself electric bass
David Barrett's harmonica masterclass : scales, patterns & bending exercices : level 2
Vibraphone technique : for Mallet chord voicing
Musical mathematics : on the art and science of acoustic instruments
The guitar grimoire : a workbook of chord voicings. Volume II
Know your scales! : Piano. Grade 3
The "real easy" ear training book : a beginning/intermediate guide to hearing the chord changes
Encyclopedia of scales : for teachers, students, composers, arrangers, all instrumentalists : vol. 1-3
Guitar patterns for improvisation
Mel Bay's complete book of guitar technique
The practical guide to modern music theory for guitarists
Beyond the horn : Challenging excercices & etudes for modern improvisation : expanding your improvisational comfort zone
Jazz piano technique: exercises, etudes & ideas for building chops
Piano essentials : scales, chords, arpeggios, and cadences for the contemporary pianist
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 1, Scale forms through six basic tetrachords
Sight reading mastery for guitar : learn to read music the right way
Keyboard technique
Sight singing : pitch, interval, rhythm
Incredible Scale Finder : easy-to-use guide to over 1300 guitar scales
Mel Bay's modern guitar method. Grade 6
The gig bag book of bass scales : 180 essential scales for all bassists presented in standard notation and tablature
Essential advanced scales for electric bass : modes of the melodic minor, harmonic minor, diminished, whole-tone, and blues scales
A system of tonal convergence for improvisors, composers and arrangers
Jazz guitar soloing : a how-to-guide to the scales, arpeggios and licks needed in improvising jazz on the guitar in an easy to follow format
Improvisation for saxophone : the scale/mode approach
Play keyboard scales. Step one
Mel Bay's fiddling chord book
Complete violin scale dictionary
Pentatonic scales for the jazz-rock keyboardist
Patterns for jazz : for treble clef instruments
New concepts in linear improvisation : a practice method for all instruments. Textbook
Bass scale finder : easy-to-use guide to over 1300 scales
Scales : scales and scale studies for the violin
Hot club session : basic acoustic swing jazz guitar : swing-jazz
The Diminished scales for guitar : tonal & modal usage
Progressive scale studies for cello : elementary to advanced scales including double stops and harmonics
In search of new scales : Prince Edmond de Polignac, octatonic explorer
Chord-melody guitar : a guide to combining chords and melody to create solo arrangements in jazz and pop styles
The "scale syllabus" : two CDs & booklet for all musicians! : instrumentalists & vocalist
Scales and arpeggios for saxophone : grades 1-8
Miles of modes : 30 exciting tracks for all musicians
The Guitar scales. Vol. 1 : Guitar tab / by Philippe Ganter
The guitar modes casebook
Pitch and interval structures in George Perle's theory of twelve-tone tonality
Killer pentatonics : innovative and diverse ways of playing pentatonic scales in blues, rock and heavy metal
Qwiklicks. Blues guitar soloing basics
Jazz guitar soloing concepts : a pentatonic modal approach to improvisation
The blues scales : essential tools for jazz improvisation : Bb version
Diatonic major and minor scales
Chords & scales in the beginning : created especially for bassists
Elementary music theory : for beginners and advanced
Easy scales: guitar : scale patterns
Berklee music theory. Book 1 : Basic principles of rhythm, scales and intervals
Brecker and Patterns : an analysis of Michael Brecker's melodic and instrumental devices
The guitar grimoire : a compendioum of formulas for guitar scales and chords. Volume I.
Pedal steel chords & scales : easy-to-use guide to more than 1,100 chords and 430 scale forms
An introduction to South Indian music
The virtuoso guitarist : method for guitar. Volume 1, A new approach to fast scales
Chromaticism / Non-diatonic scales : How to play outside the stated tonality
Playing with scales : a fresh way to practise scales!. Piano, level one
Mel Bay's complete guitar scale dictionary
Jazz and the classical guitar : theory and application
Progressive scale studies for violin
Encyclopedia of jazz improvisations : ... for all bass clef instruments
Exploring jazz scales for keyboard
Guitar scales in context : the practical reference guide
Tonal chord scales
Qwiklicks : Blues guitar soloing basics
How to read music
100 riffs and fills for rock guitar
Scales and modes around the world
Kontrabassoasteikot : Scales for double bass. 3, Ympyräasteikot
Mel Bay's master accordion scale book : with jazz scale studies
Exploring 1st Position. Level 3
Beginning theory for adults : the grown-up approach to music theory
Cathal McConnell teaches Irish pennywhistle : a hands-on course in traditional Irish repertoire and technique : for "D" pennywhistle
30 esercizi per flauto : op. 100 : in tutti i toni maggiori e minori preceduti dalle rispettive scale = 30 exercises for flute = in all the major and minor keys, preceded by the respective scales
Harmonic minor, melodic minor, and diminished scales for guitar : for all styles, with theory, modal applications and typical chord progressions
Scales, patterns & bending exercices #1. Level 2
The Gig bag book of bass scales : 180 essential scales for all bassists
