http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28056 method acting
method acting
Acting : the first six lessons : documents from the American Laboratory Theatre
Bakhtin and theatre : dialogues with Stanislavsky, Meyerhold and Grotowski
The Method Acting Exercises Handbook is a concise and practical guide to the acting exercises originally devised by Lee Strasberg, one of the Method's foremost practitioners. The Method trains the imagination, concentration, senses and emotions to "re-create" - not "imitate" - logical, believable and truthful behavior on stage and in film.
Stanislavski : an introduction
Method Acting and Its Discontents: On American Psycho-Drama provides a new understanding of a crucial chapter in American theater history. Enelow's consideration of the broader cultural climate of the late 1950s and early 1960s, specifically the debates within psychology and psychoanalysis, the period's racial and sexual politics, and the rise of mass media, gives us a nuanced, complex picture of Lee Strasberg and the Actors Studio and contemporaneous works of drama. Combining cultural analysis, dramaturgical criticism, and performance theory, Enelow shows how Method acting's contradictions reveal powerful tensions inside mid-century notions of individual and collective identity.
Stanislavsky in focus : an acting master for the twenty-first century
The Stanislavsky system of acting : legacy and influence in modern performance
Master classes in the Michael Chekhov Technique
Stella! : mother of modern acting
A dream of passion : the development of the method
Acting: The First Six Lessons was first published in 1933 and remains a key text for anyone studying acting today. These dramatic dialogues between teacher and idealistic student explore the field of acting according to one of the original teachers of Stanislavsky's System in America. This new edition of an essential text is edited by Rhonda Blair and supplemented for the very first time with documents from the American Laboratory Theatre. These collect together a broad range of exciting unpublished material, drawn from Boleslavsky's pivotal and unprecedented teachings on acting at the American Laboratory Theatre.
Twentieth century actor training
On the technique of acting
Stanislavski in practice : exercises for students
Movement for actors
Performing emotions : gender, bodies, spaces, in Chekhov's drama and Stanislavski's theatre
Stanislavski in practice : the film. Part One, Work on the actor
How to use the Stanislavski system
A moving presence : Ruth Zaporah and Action theater
For the very first time on video, A moving presence offers a glimpse into the entertaining and challenging improvisational world of Action theater and the spirit and wisdom of its founder, Ruth Zaporah. Find out why Zaporah is internationally recognized as a master teacher and performer as the film follows sixteen people through a two-week workshop in New Mexico. Watch how Action theater pushes improvisers to the edge of their creativity. Actors have to move. Dancers have to talk. Complete worlds appear and disappear in the blink of an eye, and yet are somehow linked together in a narrative of vulnerability and dedication that never fails to foreground the people over the process
Method acting and its discontents : on American psycho-drama
What did Bakhtin think about the theatre? That it was outdated? That is 'stopped being a serious genre' after Shakespeare? Could a thinker to whose work ideas of theatricality, visuality, and embodied activity were so central really have nothing to say about theatrical practice? Bakhtin and Theatre is the first book to explore the relation between Bakhtin's ideas and the theatre practice of his time. In that time, Stanislavsky co-founded the Moscow Art Theatre in 1898 and continued to develop his ideas about theatre until his death in 1938. Stanislavsky's pupil Meyerhold embraced the Russian Revolution and created some stunningly revolutionary productions in the 1920s, breaking with the realism of his former teacher. Less than twenty years after Stanislavsky's death and Meyerhold's assassination, a young student called Grotowski was studying in Moscow, soon to break the mould with his Poor Theatre. All three directors challenged the prevailing notion of theatre, drawing on, disagreeing with and challenging each other's ideas. Bakhtin's early writings about action, character and authorship provide a revealing framework for understanding this dialogue between these three masters of Twentieth Century theatre.
The method acting excercises handbook
