http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2805 Turkic languages
Turkic languages
The structure of the titles of Türk and Uigur rulers in the Old Turkic inscriptions
A dictionary of the Turkic languages : English, Azerbaijani, Kazakh, Kyrgyz, Tatar, Turkish, Turkmen, Uighur, Uzbek
The affixes of the loanverbs and onomatopoetic verbs in the Vogul
The Szeged conference : proceedings of the 15th international conference on Turkish Linguistics held on August 20-22, 2010 Szeged
Material on Shor folklore
The Turkic influence on Hungarian state of arts
Passive and reflexive categories in languages of the Volga Region : an areal typological study
Remarks on the usefulness of different types of transcription, with a particular regard to Turkic comparative studies
Armeno-Turcica : selected studies
The dative and related phenomena
The beginning of Runic studies in Turkey
Turcica et orientalia : studies in honour of Gunnar Jarring on his eightieth birthday 12 October 1987.
Tatar and Chuvash code-copies in Mari
Turcology in Turkey : selected papers
Issues in Turkic languages : description and language contact
Signs of the time : selected papers from TISLR 8 [2004]
Interrogative and negative constructions in sign languages
As the reader will notice immediately after a quick look at the table of contents, the range of topics addressed in the individual contributions is very broad and the number of sign languages studied too - the crosslinguistic slant is recurrent in many of the chapters, a valuable feature in itself. Nevertheless, an attempt has been made to group the 17 chapters by thematic affinity into recognizable sections. Still, it should be made clear that these divisions are one of many possible ones and thus artificial: in most of the cases there are aspects of the paper that have a clear link to another thematic section. This is a natural outcome of the fact that linguistic research does not remain limited to isolated compartments, but usually looks into different subdomains in order to reach substantial results.
Turkic studies : in the world and Turkey
This volume features over fifty of the world's languages and language families. The featured languages have been chosen based on the number of speakers, their role as official languages and their cultural and historical importance. Each language is looked at in depth, and the chapters provide information on both grammatical features and on salient features of the language's history and cultural role. This second edition has been updated and revised. Two new languages, Amharic and Javanese, have been included. This accessible volume will appeal to anyone with an interest in linguistics. Attention is paid to both grammatical and sociolinguistic features. Attention is concentrated on the world's major languages designed to be accessible to all readers with an interest in language.
A grammar of Turkic place-names in the mountain Altai
The Oxford Handbook of Ancient Anatolia is a unique blend of comprehensive overviews on archaeological, philological, linguistic, and historical issues at the forefront of Anatolian scholarship in the 21st century. Anatolia is home to early complex societies and great empires, and was the destination of many migrants, visitors, and invaders. The offerings in this volume bring this reality to life as the chapters unfold nearly ten thousand years (ca. 10,000-323 BCE) of peoples, languages, and diverse cultures who lived in or traversed Anatolia over these millennia. The contributors combine descriptions of current scholarship on important discussion and debates in Anatolian studies with new and cutting edge research for future directions of study. The fifty-four chapters are presented in five separate sections that range in topic from chronological and geographical overviews to anthropologically based issues of culture contact and imperial structures, and from historical settings of entire millennia to crucial data from key sites across the region. The contributers to the volume represent the best scholars in the field from North America, Europe, Turkey, and Asia. The appearance of this volume offers the very latest collection of studies on the fascinating peninsula known as Anatolia.
Studies of Turkic loan words in Russian
The Lopnor dialect of Uyghur : descriptive analysis
The Oxford handbook of ancient Anatolia, 10,000-323 B.C.E
Out of the tower : essays on culture and everyday life
Ankara papers in Turkish and Turkic linguistics
Evidentials : Turkic, Iranian and neighbouring languages
Comparative-historical linguistics : Indo-European and Finno-Ugric : papers in honor of Oswald Szemerényi III
Salar : a study in inner Asian language contact processes. Part 1, Phonology
The Turkic languages and peoples : an introduction to Turkic studies
Middle Mongolian loan words in Volga Kipchak languages
A new atlas on the origins and early history of the Europeans
Turkic words for 'steel' and 'cast iron'
Turkish in a week
Current directions in turkish sign language research
Edige : a Karakalpak heroic epic
The Lopnor dialect of Uyghur : a descriptive analysis
Chuvash syntactic nominalizers : on *-ki and its counterparts in Ural-Altaic languages
The role of the Turkic languages in the Amdo Sprachbund
Tuncer Gülensoy armaǧanı : (Tuncer Gülensoy Festschrift) = Essays presented to Tuncer Gülensoy on his fiftyfifth birthday by his students
Word-formation : an international handbook of the languages of Europe. Volume 5
A matter of complexity : subordination in sign languages
The major languages of Eastern Europe
Törkilärnyng telläre, ruxi mädänijatläre һäm tarixlary: tradicijalär һäm zaman : xalykara konferencijanyng xezmätläre 3-tomda = Âzyki, duhovnaâ kul'tura i istoriâ tûrkov: tradicii i sovremennost' : trudy meždunarodnoj konferencii v 3-h tomah = Diller, ruhi kültür ve türk tarihi: gelenekler ve moderlik : enternasyonal toplantı çalişmarı, 3 bölümlü = Languages, spiritual culture and history of Türks: tradition and contemporaneity : international conference proceedings, vol. [1-3] of 3
Minor languages : approaches, definitions, controversies : papers from the conference on 'Minor Languages : Coming to grips with a suitable definition', Bremen, June 2001
The personal names and titles of the "Forest-folk"
Language contact in South Central Siberia
An introduction to turkology
Indigenous minority languages of Russia : a bibliographical guide
The volume ends with a chapter devoted to a topic in applied linguistics: lexicography. For several articles video-examples are provided on the accompanying CD-ROM. This is just a relatively small portion of all the papers presented at TISLR 8, but it gives a representative sample of the research carried out in the field of sign linguistics. A field with an open horizon ahead! It was the second time that TISLR was organized outside North America and it attracted a very significant number of participants from all over the globe (almost 380). The book offers a representative sample of all those selected papers and it includes two of the invited lectures. All the articles submitted for this volume went through a specific anonymous peer reviewing procedure and the result of that is the collection presented here. The whole allows us to get a fair impression of a field that keeps expanding and becoming more and more prominent within linguistic research in general.
The Times guide to the peoples of Europe
The world's major languages
Etymological dictionary of the Altaic languages
West Old Turkic - Turkic Loanwords in Hungarian
The acceptance of the Latin alphabet in the Turkish world
The Turkic languages and literatures of Central Asia : a bibliography
Indigenous minority languages of Russia : a bibliographical guide = Roshia no shōsū gengo : bunken gaido
An eastern Turki-English dialect dictionary
This book examines spatial language in sign languages (Turkish Sign Language, Croatian Sign Language, American Sign Language, and Austrian Sign Language) and spoken languages (Turkish, English, and Croatian). The book presents a novel model, the Crossmodal Spatial Language, to account for similarities and differences in these languages. The model, which consists of Spatial Representations, Reference Frames, Temporal Representations, Conceptual Structure, and Linguistic Representations, shows that the features from spatial input are not necessarily mapped on the spatial descriptions regardless of modality and language. The book reports several studies to examine the descriptions of static and dynamic spatial scenes which involve, among others, spatial relationals such as left-right, front-back, besides, in, on, to, toward, pass by, away, and cause to move. The findings suggest that language users construct a spatial relation between the objects in a given time, employ a reference frame, which may not be encoded in the message, and use the same conceptual structure consisted of BE-AT for static spatial situations and GO-BE-AT for static dynamic situations.
Liber semisaecularis Societatis fenno-ugricae
Remarks on double causatives in Tuvan and other Turkic languages
Studies in Altaic and comparative philology : a collection of Professor Pentti Aalto's essays inhonour of his 70th birthday
World's major languages
Civil enculturation : nation-state, schools and ethnic difference in four European countries
Language atlas of China. Pt. 1
Structural factors in Turkic language contacts
Turkic languages in contact
This collection of articles is a selection of some of the papers that were presented at the conference Theoretical Issues in Sign Language Research 8 (TISLR 8), which took place at the University of Barcelona between September 30th and October 2nd, 2004. TISLR is the most important international conference on sign language research and it constitutes a good overview of the current state of the field. First, because of the high standards held for the selection of papers, and second, because despite the linguistic focus, it incorporates work on sign in related fields such as neurolinguistics or psycholinguistics. The thematic blocks of the book deal with phonetics and phonology of sign, topics related to intonation, different aspects of morphology, syntax, semantics of sign languages, different aspects of sign language acquisition and two chapters are devoted to the analysis of what is commonly referred to as role shift.
Notes on Persian loan words in the Chulym Turkic dialects
Studies in Turkic etymology
The Turkic languages
The holy shamaness : some additional notes on a Turko-Mongolic etymology
An introduction to Turkology
Auxiliary verb constructions in Altai-Sayan Turkic
Hungarian Turcology 1945-1974 : bibliography
Summary in English.
A crosslinguistic study of the language of space : sign and spoken languages
A grammar of Chagatay
Dictionary of the Turkic languages
