http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28061 city theatres
city theatres
Flexible with all sorts of skills
Helsingin kaupunginteatteri = Helsingfors stadsteater = Helsinki city theatre
Audience development and arts management for public-funded cultural organisations : a response to the crisis of German municipal theatre
Theatre people - people's theatre
The aim of this Bachelor’s thesis was to create awareness of humour as a potential strategic tool in business and to give innovative ideas how to improve activity within the theatre industry. This thesis is part of HURMOS-project which was created for researching humour’s role and effect in business environment. The project is funded mainly by Tekes and other research partners such as Oulu University of Applied Sciences and Oulu University among other companies within Oulu area like Oulu City Theatre whose business this thesis is contributed for. The aim of the project is aims to develop and improve case companies businesses besides awakening thoughts and inspirations by humour. It is researched for creating innovation, growth and internationalization. The theory of the thesis discusses with the field of humour, particularly defining its meaning, characteristics and role in marketing. The collected data is mainly from digital sources, especially theatre-related articles and other scientific publications since innovative and viral subjects moved around in the digital space the fastest. Many articles and publications indicated same thoughts about the future of theatres and therefore this research is considered as a collective set of different voices within the interest in the industry. The thesis contains an overview of humour’s visibility in Oulu City Theatre’s digital marketing communication and a deliberate description of their customer value propositions. Hence, a benchmarking analysis of notable and innovative theatre/arts business model ideas was conducted. Also, there is concern about the future of theatres and profitability in our digital age. Issues like demographic changes in audiences and “new” marketing channels raise some re-search problems. ^
Theatre network of democratic distribution : La distribution démocratique dans le réseau theâtral
Dance comes in from the cold
Especially Oulu City Theatre is interested in attracting young adults (18-25 year olds) to their theatre and finding out whether they appeal humorous to potential customers or not. Moreover, they wanted to get ideas how to improve their business through benchmarking other successful theatres in the industry. Oulu City Theatre has potential in using humour more effectively into their business strategies. With their young adults –target group and increasing usage of social media, there are possibilities for growth and improvements. Further study suggestions are implementing potential business practises after studying the benchmarking results of this thesis and brainstorming innovativeness of humour into business context for evoking thoughts and ideas. Also further product and service developments for specific target groups are recommendable.
Finnish architecture with an edge
A history of building types
Humour and digital marketing communication : case study: Oulu City Theatre
Teatteri tilassa = Theatre in space
