http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28097 erotic literature
erotic literature
The girl in 6E
"Frank" and I.
An erotic collection. Volume 1
The new worlds of women : expanded edition
Guilty pleasures
Publisher to the decadents : Leonard Smithers in the careers of Beardsley, Wilde, Dowson
Wicked exposure
Fifty shades. III, Freed
Avery Dare lives a quiet life in Miami as an online fashion/makeup video blogger. She has good friends, a close, large family and if her love life is lacking, she likes it that way. But when she receives an invitation to one of her ex's concerts along with an invitation to meet him back stage, she decides to take the risk...and comes face to face with the reality of his rock star lifestyle -- the press, the crowds, and the half naked groupies. When Avery is threatened by a stalker, it becomes evident Grey's fans not only don't want him to retire, they don't want Avery in his life either. And Avery isn't sure she wants the pressures that are part of Grey's life...but she doesn't want to lose him again, either.
Fifty shades of grey
A hunger like no other
A passion for him
No ordinary love story
Dare to hold
A cup of rage
Eternal kiss of darkness
A million dirty secrets
Prince of tricks
Notebooks of the young wife
The siren
The warlord wants forever
'Yes, bastard, you're the one I love'. A pair of lovers - a young female journalist and an older man who owns an isolated farm in the Brazilian outback - spend the night together. The next day they proceed to destroy each other. Amid vitriolic insults, cruelty and warring egos, their sexual adventure turns into a savage power game. This intense, erotic cult novel by one of Brazil's most infamous modernist writers explores alienation, the desire to dominate and the wish to be dominated. This is a new translation by Stefan Tobler.
First drop of crimson
Best Gay Love Stories
"When three college besties meet three hot guys in Vegas, anything can and does happen. Book Four in the New York Times Wild Seasons series that began with Sweet Filthy Boy (the Romantic Times book of the year that Sylvia Day called "a sexy, sweet treasure of a story"), Dirty Rowdy Thing, and Dark Wild Night"--
Forbidden fictions : pornography and censorship in twentieth-century French literature
Ripped
Wicked release
Tales from the Decameron
Fifty shades of Grey
Hard-core romance : Fifty shades of Grey, best-sellers, and society
Master of the game
Nikolai Wroth, a ruthless vampire general, will stop at nothing to find his Bride, the one woman who can blood him, making his heart beat and filling him with strength. Coldly interested only in the power his Bride will bring, he can hardly believe when Myst the Coveted awakens him body and soul. Famed throughout the world as the most beautiful Valkyrie, Myst has devoted her life to protecting a magical jewel and to fighting the vampires. Wroth provides her with the perfect opportunity to torment her sworn enemy
Arrested by love
Ask for it
Seven years to sin
Thérèse and Isabelle : unexpurgated text
Cities of the red night
After we collided
Fifty shades freed
Fifty shades darker
Temptations of a wallflower
When three college besties meet three hot guys in Vegas, anything could--and does--happen. Lola and Oliver like to congratulate themselves on having the good sense not to consummate their drunken Las Vegas marriage. In reality, Lola's wanted Oliver since day one-- falling hard for his sexy Aussie accent and easygoing ability to take her as she comes. And Oliver can't get his mind off what he didn't do with Lola when he had the chance. He knows what he wants with her now.... When Lola's graphic novel starts getting national acclaim Oliver discovers that sometimes a dark wild night in Vegas isn't just the end of a day, but the beginning of a bright new life....
The master
Stripped down : lesbian sex stories
The mammoth book of short erotic novels
The mane event
Wildcat
Down to you
Don't tempt me
Afterburn. Aftershock
In his keeping : a Slow Burn novel
Grey
After
Misled
Dare to surrender
Dare to love
Sweet seduction
The undoing
Erotic memoirs and postfeminism : the politics of pleasure
Safe at last : a Slow Burn novel
Tropic of Cancer
Switch
Fifty shades. II, Darker
Warrior
Tropic of cancer
Desire me now
What happened in Vegas
Forensic psychiatry
The rosy crucifixion. [3], Nexus
Tempted
The well of loneliness
Tropic of Capricorn
Beneath this man
Memoirs of a geisha
Flesh and the word : an anthology of gay erotic writing. 3
Wicked shots
Dark needs at night's edge
Fifty shades. I, Of grey
A girl walks into a bar : your fantasy, your rules
King of thieves
The angel
Born to bite
The mammoth book of international erotica
One with you
Daring to dream
Nexus : book three of the 'Rosy crucifiction' trilogy
"While books such as Belle de Jour's 'The intimate adventures of a London call girl' and Catherine Millet's 'The sexual life of Catherine M.' captured the imagination of the reading public and marked the contemporary erotic memoir as a publishing phenomenon, the genre has received comparatively scarce scholarly attention. Through examining the cultural dominance of the figure of the 'phallic girl' (or 'ladette') in the early 21st century, this pioneering study explores the conflict that arises when the female-authored erotic memoir - a genre that holds enormous feminist potential - is co-opted by postfeminist cultural praxis. By analyzing the impact of the mainstreaming of pornography and the emergence of new communication technologies on conceptualizations of intimacy, agency and feminine sexual subjectivities, 'Erotic memoirs and postfeminism' presents a broad critical survey of the genre and positions contemporary women's erotic memoirs as contradictory spaces in which female sexual autonomy is both actively celebrated and perniciously disavowed. The book also offers the first sustained critical analysis of a range of contemporary memoirs, including Abby Lee's 'Girl with a one track mind', Melissa P.'s "One hundred strokes of the brush before bed" and Tracy Quan's "Diary of a Manhattan call girl", amongst others"--Back cover.
Sweet filthy boy
In society circles she's known as the Watching Wallflower - shy, quiet, and certainly never scandalous. Yet beneath Lady Sarah Frampton's demure facade hides the mind of The Lady of Dubious Quality, author of the most titillating erotic fiction the ton has ever seen. Sarah knows discovery would lead to her ruin, but marriage - to a vicar, no less - could help protect her from slander. An especially tempting option when the clergyman in question is the handsome, intriguing Jeremy Cleland. Tasked with unmasking London's most scandalous author by his powerful family, Jeremy has no idea that his beautiful, innocent bride is the very woman he seeks to destroy.
The prince
Wicked deeds on a winter's night
Hungry for you
Sexus : book one of the 'Rosy crucifixion' trilogy
Defeat the enemy. Win the boy. Live happily ever after. But life "ever after" isn't as easy as it used to be. Harper's gone from being a member of a small demon lair to co-Prime of one of the most powerful lairs in the US with a mate who, though hot as hell, is just a mite overprotective - I mean, you get kidnapped by dark practitioners just once...  Then one of Knox's demons goes rogue, and in his madness decides Knox Thorne must die. Harper's worried. Knox isn't - at least until he discovers his mate's willingness to get between him and danger.  Now, Knox has a new priority: Keep Harper safe ...no matter what it takes. But Harper begins to suspect there's more danger than one rogue demon. It seems the combined strength of Harper and Knox has upset the balance of power in the demon world and there are those who are determined to right that wrong. Because when you move up the food chain, sometimes the other predators just want to take a bigger bite.
Bared to you
Innocence and rapture : the erotic child in Pater, Wilde, James, and Nabokov
Desire me always
Burn with me
Best bisexual women's erotica
Dare to rock
When a vengeful ancient goddess threatens to end the world, the Crows must join forces with their former enemies, the Protectors, putting Jace Berisha into contact with Ski Eriksen, who is intent on getting closer to her.
The professional
Written on the body
The libertine reader : eroticism and enlightenment in eighteenth-century France
Dare to submit
Destined to play
Parlor Games
A Kiss of Shadows
Wicked sexy liar
Nothing more
Lethal kisses : 19 stories of sex, horror and revenge
The rosy crucifixion. [2], Plexus
Dare to touch
Diaries of an Internet lover
A million guilty pleasures : million dollar duet
Keep me safe : a Slow Burn novel
Dare to seduce
Passion for the game
Reflected in you
Lady Chatterley's lover
Sade, the invention of the libertine body
An erotic collection. Volume 2
Ask For It
The reluctant vampire
