http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28066 war games
war games
This war of mine : the little ones : PS4
Star wars : Battlefront : twilight company
A mighty barbarian leads a horde of savages against his blood-sworn foes. A reluctant rebel pilots his star-fighter against a galactic empire. A party of adventurers raids the tomb of an ancient lich. The Savage Worlds game engine handles all those tales and more- from dungeon crawls to high-speed chases to mass battles- quickly and easily. This latest printing of the award-winning, best-selling Savage Worlds rules combines numerous new powers, settling rules, situation rules, and updates into one convenient, full-color book. Featuring all new art and design notes from the creator, Savage Worlds Deluxe is Fast! Furious! Fun! – Kirjan takakansi.
Strategy : a history
Red winter : the soviet attack at Tolvajärvi, Finland. 8-12 december 1939
Wolfenstein : the old blood : Xbox One
Churchill : big three struggle for peace
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
Eve : True stories
Battlefield 1 : PS4
F.E.A.R. files : complete stand-alone expansion pack series : Xbox 360
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain : PlayStation 4
Call of duty : Infinite warfare : Xbox One
The strategy of conflict
Battlefield 4 : PS4
Killzone : shadow fall : PS4
Resistance : fall of man : PlayStation 3
Quartermaster general is a fast-paced game that puts you in command of the major powers of the Second World War. Supply is crucial to keep your armies and navies fighting; destroy your enemies' supply lines and their forces will surrender! Each major power has a unique set of strikingly illustrated cards with which to marshal their forces.
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X.2 : Play Station 3.
Air conflicts : Pacific Carriers : PS4 edition
Tom Clancy's EndWar : PlayStation 3
Wargames : from gladiators to gigabytes
Metal gear solid 4 : guns of the patriots : PlayStation 3
Disposition matrix : the design and development process of a critical war game
For honor : PS4
Call of duty : black ops III : PlayStation 3
Heroes over Europe : Xbox 360, Xbox live
The order : 1886 : PS4
Call of duty : ghosts : Xbox 360.
Metal gear solid : HD collection : tactical espionage action : PS3
Twilight struggle : the cold war, 1945-1989
Sniper elite III : Africa : ultimate edition : PlayStation 4
Wolfenstein : the old blood : PS4
Gears of war 4 : Xbox One
Far cry 4 : limited edition : PS4
Call of duty : black ops II : PlayStation 3
Battlefields in miniature : making realistic and effective terrain for wargames
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain day one edition : Xbox 360
Sniper elite III : Afrika : ultimate edition : PlayStation 3
Star wars : Force and destiny roleplaying game, core rulebook
Command & colors : Ancients allows you to re-fight epic battles of the ancient world. Here the focus is on the two rivals for power in the Western Mediterranean - Carthage and Rome. Will you, as Hannibal, triumph over larger Roman armies; or as Scipio Africanus, will you beat Hannibal with newer tactics of your own?
Paths of glory : the first world war, 1914-1918
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : day one edition : Xbox One
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : tactical espionage operations : PS4
Falling skies : the game : PS3
Metal gear solid V : ground zeroes : PlayStation 3
Metal gear solid V : ground zeroes : Xbox 360
Zombie army trilogy : Xbox One
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : tactical espionage operations : day one edition : Xbox One
Wounding the world : how military violence and war-play invade our lives
Zombie army trilogy : PS4
Metal gear solid 4 : guns of the patriots : PS3
Call of duty : Infinite warfare : PlayStation 4
This war of mine : the little ones : Xbox One
Far cry 4 : PS4
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : tactical espionage operations : PS3
Call of duty : black ops III : Xbox One
Far cry 4 : limited edition : PS3
This war of mine : the little ones : PlayStation 4
Commands & colors : Ancients
Call of duty : world at war : PS3
Wounding the world : how military violence and war-play invades our lives
Metal gear solid. V : the phantom pain day one edition : PlayStation 3
Transformers : war for Cybertron : PlayStation 3
Call of duty 3 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Battleborn : PlayStation 4
Call of duty : black ops : Xbox 360.
Call of duty : infinite warfare : PS4
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : tactical espionage operations : day one edition : PS4
IL-2 Sturmovik : birds of prey : Xbox 360.
Call of duty : black ops III : Xbox 360.
Far cry 4 : limited edition : Xbox One
Zones of control : perspectives on wargaming
Battles of Westeros : a battlelore game
Call of duty : black ops III : PlayStation 4
Metal gear solid V : the phantom pain : Xbox 360.
Call of duty : ghosts : PS3
World of tanks : Xbox 360
Star wars : roleplaying game : revised core rulebook
World of tanks : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Battlefield 3 : PlayStation 3
Call of duty : infinite warfare (XBOne)
The Hunters : German u-boats at war, 1939-43
Diplomacy : a game of international intrigue, trust, and treachery
R.U.S.E. Xbox 360 : don't believe what you see
Far cry 4 : limited edition : Xbox 360
Fire in the lake : Insurgency in Vietnam
Three sixteen : Carnage amongst the stars
Call of duty : MW3 : PlayStation 3
Call of duty : black ops II : PS3
Twilight 2013
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X.2. : Xbox 360.
Tom Clancy's EndWar : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Call of duty : black ops : PS3
