http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28040 Syrian Civil War
Syrian Civil War
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
The Syrian jihad : Al-Qaeda, the Islamic State and the evolution of an insurgency
My house in Damascus : an inside view ot the Syrian revolution
In the skin of a jihadist : inside Islamic State's recruitment networks
The religious roots of the Syrian conflict : the remaking of the Fertile Crescent
The Syria dilemma
International history of the twentieth century and beyond
Social media and the politics of reportage : the 'Arab Spring'
"This book affords an entirely new perspective on Syria as it stands at the crossroads of political, social and religious fragmentation"--
"Exploring both the historical origins of Syria's religious sects and their present-day dominance of the Syrian social scene, The Religious Roots of the Syrian Conflict identifies these groups' distinct beliefs and relates how the actions of the religious authorities and political entrepreneurs acting on behalf of their particular sects expose them to sectarian violence, culminating in the dissolution of the nation-state. Mark Tomass employs ethnographic accounts used in anthropology and conceptual tools based in economics to describe the formation of sectarian groups, a multidisciplinary approach which details how the sects have consistently generated civil conflicts within the Fertile Crescent, both before and after the formation of the nation-states of Lebanon, Iraq, and Syria. "--
Syrian notebooks : inside the Homs uprising January 16-February 2, 2012
Syria from reform to revolt : Vol. 2, Culture, society, and religion
"Out of the failures of Iraq and Afghanistan, the Arab Spring and Syria, a new threat emerges. While Al Qaeda is weakened, new jihadi movements, especially ISIS, are starting to emerge. In military operations in June 2014 they were far more successful than Al Qaeda ever were, taking territory that reaches across borders and includes the city of Mosul. The reports of their military coordination and brutality are chilling. While they call for the formation of a new caliphate once again the West becomes a target. How could things have gone so badly wrong? In THE RISE OF ISLAMIC STATE, Cockburn analyzes the reasons for the unfolding of US and the West's greatest foreign policy debacle and the impact that it has on the war-torn and volatile Middle East"--
Among the ruins : Syria past and present
The crossing : my journey to the shattered heart of Syria
Inside Syria : the backstory of their civil war and what the world can expect
Nujeen : one girl's incredible journey from war-torn Syria in a wheelchair
Black flags : the rise of ISIS
The rise of Islamic state : ISIS and the new Sunni revolution
"Based on first-hand reporting from Syria and Washington, journalist Reese Erlich unravels the complex dynamics underlying the Syrian civil war. Through vivid, on-the-ground accounts and interviews with both rebel leaders and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Erlich gives the reader a better understanding of this momentous power struggle and why it matters. Through his many contacts inside Syria, the author reveals who is supporting Assad and why; he describes the agendas of the rebel factions; and he depicts in stark terms the dire plight of many ordinary Syrian people caught in the cross-fire. The book also provides insights into the role of the Kurds, the continuing influence of Iran, and the policies of US leaders who seem interested only in protecting US regional interests. As Erlich shows, current events in Syria can be best understood by looking at Syria's recent history, especially the roles of key historic figures. Several chapters are devoted to these influential leaders--including T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia), journalist Lowell Thomas, Muslim brotherhood founder Hassan al Banna, Zionist leader Chaim Weizmann, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, Saddam Hussein, and Hafez al-Assad. Disturbing and enlightening at once, this timely book shows you not only what is happening inside Syria but why it is so important for the Middle East, the US, and the world"--
In the skin of a jihadist : inside Islamic state's recruitment networks
"While Syria has been dominated since the 1960s by a determinedly secular regime, the uprising that began there in 2011 has raised many questions about the role of Islam in the country's politics. This book, which is based on the author's extensive fieldwork in Syria's mosques and schools and on interviews with local Muslim scholars, is the first comprehensive study of the country's little-known religious scene and its most influential actors, the ulama. It demonstrates that with the eradication of the Muslim Brothers after the failed insurrection of 1982, Sunni men of religion became the only voice of the Islamic trend in the country. Through educational programs, the establishment of charitable foundations, and their deft handling of tribal and merchant networks, they took advantage of popular disaffection with secular ideologies to increase their influence over society. In recent years, with the Islamic resurgence, the Alawi-dominated Ba'athist regime was compelled to bring the clergy into the political fold. This ambiguous relationship was exposed in 2011 by the division of the Sunni clergy between regime supporters, bystanders, and opponents. This book affords an entirely new perspective on Syrian society as it stands at the crossroads of political and social fragmentation"--
The morning they came for us : dispatches from Syria
Syria : a recent history
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
Religion and state in Syria : the Sunni Ulama from coup to revolution
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
"This book explores both the historical origins of Syria's religious sects and their present-day dominance of the Syrian social scene. It identifies these groups' distinct beliefs and relates how the actions of the religious authorities and political entrepreneurs acting on behalf of their particular sects expose them to sectarian violence, culminating in the dissolution of the nation-state"--
