http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28101 religious music
religious music
Tibet : monks of the Sera Jé monastery : ritual music and chants of the Gelug tradition
Paganism is rapidly becoming a religious, creative, and political force internationally. It has found one of its most public expressions in popular music, where it is voiced by singers and musicians across rock, folk, techno, goth, metal, Celtic, world, and pop music. With essays ranging across the US, UK, continental Europe, Australia and Asia, 'Pop Pagans' assesses the histories, genres, performances, and communities of pagan popular music. Over time, paganism became associated with the counter culture, satanic and gothic culture, rave and festival culture, ecological consciousness and spirituality, and new ageism. Paganism has used music to express a powerful and even transgressive force in everyday life. 'Pop Pagans' examines the many artists and movements which have contributed to this growing phenomenon.
Folklore of Tamil Nadu
Rituals of fertility and the sacrifice of desire : Nazarite women's performance in South Africa
Jazz religion, the second line, and Black New Orleans
Let Zion move : Music of the Shakers
Sillaba : taiteen missio = konstens mission = the mission of art
Faster for the master! : exploring issues of religious expression and alternative Christian identity within the Finnish Christian metal music scene
Nordic folklore : recent studies
Christe lux mundi : music from Taizé : 39 songs with English translations. Vocal edition
Simple gifts : Shaker chants and spirituals = Chants et spirituals shakers = Gesänge und Spirituals der Shaker
I can play that!. Hymns & spirituals
Handbook of North American Indians. Vol. 12, Plateau
Music, ritual, and Falasha history
The Edinburgh companion to the Bible and the arts
Mahamantra : East West
Reine Frauensache! : 60 highlights für Frauenchor = 60 highlights for upper voices
Music, piety, and propaganda : the soundscapes of counter-reformation Bavaria
Epic sound : music in postwar Hollywood biblical films
Songs for the spirits : music and mediums in modern Vietnam
Music in early English religious drama. Vol.  1, The heaven singing
Like a prophet : on Christian interpretations of a Madonna video
Ex insula lux : manuscripts and hagiographical material connected with medieval England : a joint exhibition organized by Helsinki University Library and the National Library of Russia to mark the 10th meeting of the International Society of Anglo-Saxonists 6-11 August 2001 in Helsinki, and the post-conference symposium on 13 August 2001 in St. Petersburg
"India is changing at a rapid pace as it continues to move from its colonial past to its globalised future. This Companion offers a framework for understanding that change, and how modern cultural forms have emerged out of very different histories and traditions. The book provides accounts of literature, theatre, film, modern and popular art, music, television and food; it also explores in detail social divisions, customs, communications and daily life. In a series of engaging, erudite and occasionally moving essays the contributors, drawn from a variety of disciplines, examine not merely what constitutes modern Indian culture, but just how wide-ranging are the cultures that persist in the regions of India. This volume will help the reader understand the continuities and fissures within Indian culture and some of the conflicts arising from them. Throughout, what comes to the fore is the extraordinary richness and diversity of modern Indian culture"--
Pop pagans : paganism and popular music
By the rivers of Babylon : timeless hymns of Rastafari
Grenada : Creole and Yoruba voices
Sacred music in secular society
Media and the transformation of religion in South Asia
Chant!
Discourse in ethnomusicology. 2, A tribute to Alan P. Merriam
Ex insula lux : manuscripts and hagiographical material connected with medieval England : a joint exhibition organized by Helsinki University Library and the National Library of Russia to mark the 10th Meeting of the International Society of Anglo-Saxonists 6-11 August 2001 in Helsinki, and the post-conference symposium on 13 August 2001 in St. Petersburg
Institutional patronage in post-Tridentine Rome : music at Santissima Trinità dei Pellegrini, 1550-1650
Pop cult : religion and popular music
Ludus de decem virginibus : recovery of the sung liturgical core of the Thuringian Zehnjungfrauenspiel
Change of habit
Jesus Christ superstar
Originality in Byzantine literature, art and music
Exploring Ostrobotnia
The music of Santeria : traditional rhythms of the bata drums
Painted myths of creation : art and ritual of an Indian tribe
Hymns of faith
Memory, music, and religion : Morocco's mystical chanters
Voicing the ineffable : musical representations of religious experience
Summary.
Divine utterances : the performance of Afro-Cuban Santería
The Cambridge companion to modern Indian culture
Religion and popular music in Europe : new expressions of sacred and secular identity
The quiet heart
Healing sounds from the Malaysian rainforest : Temiar music and medicine
Sufi soul : the mystic music of Islam
Religious popular music : between the instrumental, transcendent and transgressive
Cry for luck : sacred song and speech among the Yurok, Hupa, and Karok Indians of northwestern California
Jesus Christ superstar : live arena tour
Religious organization and religious experience
Dance, music, art, and religion : based on papers read at the Symposium on Dance, Music, and Art in Religions held at Åbo, Finland, on the 16th-18th August 1994
Poetry in sufi practice : patrons, poets and performers in South Asian sufism from thirteenth century to the present
The "westernization" of the eastern orthodox church music tradition in the 16th-17th century Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth
The Shaker spiritual
Trance formation : the spiritual and religious dimensions of global rave culture
Nick Cave : a study of love, death, and apocalypse
Singing to the Jinas : Jain laywomen, Maṇḍaḷ singing, and the negotiations of Jain devotion
The Joy of sacred music : a collection of best loved hymns, sacred songs and offertories
The rough guide to voodoo
Studies in sixteenth and seventeenth-century Italian sacred music
Take me to the water : Immersion baptism in vintage music and photography 1890-1950
Confucian ritual music of Korea : tribute to Confucius and royal ancestors
Music in ancient Judaism and early Christianity
Voices of the magi : enchanted journeys in southeast Brazil
Tibet : the heart of dharma : Buddha's teachings and the music they inspired
Jamaican warriors : reggae, roots & culture
Cognitive ecologies and the history of remembering : religion, education and memory in early modern England
