http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28128 dance analysis
dance analysis
This collection of texts reflects some of the different discourses, practices and approaches explored by the participants of the Erasmus Intensive Project (IP) Practicing Composition: Making Practice initiated and coordinated by the MA SODA (Solo/ Dance/ Authorship) programme at the Inter-University Centre for Dance (HZT), University of the Arts, Berlin (2011-2013). The IP provided a framework for the live, interactive sharing, discussion and analysis of dramaturgical, compositional and choreographic approaches to physically based performance used in a number of practice-led graduate dance and choreographic Master's programmes in Europe. The book includes keynote lectures, descriptions and documentation of the workshops, with new dialogues inspired by encounters between IP partner programmes. Among the discussed topics are poiesis, poetics, latency, assemblage, formless, interruption, emergent choreography, collective learning environments, framed reality and post-identity politics. Contributions from: Ric Allsopp, Niels Bovri, Joao DaSilva, Scott deLahunta, Ellen Jeffrey, Emilie Gallier, Konstantina Georgelou, Saara Hannula, Martin Hargreaves, Kiran Kumar, Miika Luoto, Sergiu Matis, Kirsi Monni, Sophia New, Mila Pavicevic, Victoria Perez Royo, Goran Sergej Pristas, Ari Tenhula, Jasna Zmak.
Bodies moving and moved : a phenomenological analysis of the dancing subject and the cognitive and ethical values of dance art
Choreographing problems : expressive concepts in european contemporary dance and performance
Work 1961-73
Space and composition
Transmission in motion : the technologizing of dance
Vanishing temple arts : (temples of Kerala & Kanyaakumaari District)
Dance analysis : theory and practice
Analyzing performance : theater, dance, and film
The art of anthropology : essays and diagrams
Performing antagonism : theatre, performance & radical democracy
Unraveling the canon : Edvard Fazer and the imperial Russian ballet in Berlin 1908 - 1910
Iroquois music and dance : ceremonial arts of two Seneca longhouses
Timba : the sound of the Cuban crisis
In today’s visual regime, contemporary dance operates as a critical force. It questions univocal representations and dominant cultural ideals of the body. Developing alternative approaches to physical expression, certain choreographers create body images that are vulnerable and permeable to the world. Their critical and experimental approach challenges and expands spectatorship, including the corporeal, technological and cultural elements that support the ways we see, hear, sense and imagine. Through the Back: Situating Vision between Moving Bodies seeks to articulate this critical potential in a series of essays that explores the work of experimental choreographers active throughout the noughties: Alexander Baervoets, Boris Charmatz, Meg Stuart, Benoit Lachambre, Vera Mantero, Philipp Gehmacher, Jennifer Lacey and Nadia Lauro, and deufert & plischke.
Tango nostalgia : the language of love and longing : Finnish culture in tango lyrics discourses : a contrastive semiotic and cultural approach to the tango
Kinesthetic empathy in creative and cultural practices
Iroquois music and dance : ceremonial arts of two Seneca Longhouses
Mozart serenades, divertimenti and dances
Dance kinesiology
Humphrey : two ecstatic themes, coaching, analysis & performance
This book combines performance analysis with contemporary political philosophy to advance new ways of understanding both political performance and the performativity of the politics of the street. Our times are pre-eminently political times and have drawn radical responses from many theatre and performance practitioners. However, a decade of conflict in the Middle East and Afghanistan, the eruption of new social movements around the world, the growth of anti-capitalist and anti-globalisation struggles, the upsurge of protests against the blockades of neoliberalism, and the rising tide of dissent and anger against corporate power, with its exorbitant social costs, have left theatre and performance scholarship confronting something of a dilemma: how to theorize the political antagonisms of our day? Drawing on the resources of 'post-Marxist' political thinkers such as Chantal Mouffe and Jacques Ranciere, the book explores how new theoretical horizons have been made available for performance analysis.
Cuban music is recognized unanimously as a major historical force behind Latin American popular music, and as an important player in the development of US popular music and jazz. However, the music produced on the island after the Revolution in 1959 has been largely overlooked and overshadowed by the Buena Vista Social Club phenomenon. The Revolution created the conditions for the birth of a type of highly sophisticated popular music, which has grown relatively free from market pressures. These conditions premised the new importance attained by Afro-Cuban dance music during the 1990s, when the island entered a period of deep economic and social crisis that has shaken Revolutionary institutions from their foundations.
Whatever dance toolbox : manual
Dancing texts : intertextuality in interpretation
The Moving Researcher : Laban/Bartenieff Movement Analysis in Performing Arts Education and Creative Arts Therapies
Digital movement : essays in motion technology and performance
Dance on its own terms : histories and methodologies
Tango nostalgia : the language of love and longing : a contrastive semiotic and cultural approach to the tango = Finnish culture in tango lyrics discourses
Looking at dances : a choreological perspective on choreography
Moving together : theorizing and making contemporary dance
Handbook of culture, therapy, and healing
Poetics of contemporary dance
The dance experience : insights into history, culture, and creativity
Making connections : total body integration through Bartenieff fundamentals
How can various technologies, from the more conventional to the very new, be used to archive, share and understand dance movement? How can they become part of new ways of creating dance? What does this tell us about the ways in which technology is part of how we make sense and think? Well-known choreographers and dance collectives including William Forsythe, Siohban Davis, Merce Cunningham, Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker and BADco. have initiated projects to investigate these questions, and in so doing have inaugurated a new era for dance archives, education, research and creation. Their work draws attention to the intimate relationship between the technologies we use and the ways in which we think, perceive, and make sense. Transmission in Motion examines these extraordinary projects 'from the inside', presenting in-depth analyses by the practitioners, artists and collectives involved in their development. These studies are framed by scholarly reflection, illuminating the significance of these projects in the context of current debates on dance, the (multi-media) archive, immaterial cultural heritage and copyright, embodied cognition, education, media culture and the knowledge society.
Choreographing Problems: Expressive Concepts in European Contemporary Dance and Performance illuminates the relationship between the philosophy of Gilles Deleuze and experimental dance and performance in the works of leading European choreographers, Xavier Le Roy, Jonathan Burrows, Boris Charmatz, Eszter Salamon, Mette Ingvartsen, Jefta van Dinther, and Jan Ritsema. Combining intricate analysis of seven groundbreaking works, including Self Unfinished by Le Roy (1998) and Weak Dance Strong Questions (2001) by Burrows and Ritsema, with a philosophical discussion of the body, movement and time in performance, as well as the notions of theatricality, affect, improvisation and process, the capacity of choreography to 'express' thought is unravelled. Choreographing problems involves composing ruptures between movement, the body and duration in performance such that they engender a shock upon sensibility, one that inhibits recognition. This book offers a practical insight into the matters of choreography: it allows both the versed and the non-trained spectator to observe in detail how the thought and the practices of making, performing and attending reinvent performance and dance today.
Abstract: Going dancing from the male point of view as analysed using Nelson's occupational mode.
Text, context and performance in Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam
Strategies for resolving individual and family problems
The Cambridge introduction to theatre studies
Dance is a language isn't it
Your move : a new approach to the study of movement and dance
The courtly consort suite in German-speaking Europe, 1650-1706
Abstract: Art as a tool of psychosocial work.
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the Fourth Annual Conference of Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
Dance [and] theory
Practicing composition : making practice : texts, dialogues and documents from Erasmus MA Intensive Projects 2011-2013 : HZT, Berlin & TeaK, Helsinki
Beyond words: movement observation and analysis
Your move
Dance therapy and depth psychology : the moving imagination
Moving words : re-writing dance
Researching dance : evolving modes of inquiry
Through the back : situating vision between moving bodies
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the fourth annual conference of the Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
