http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28185 applications (ways of using)
applications (ways of using)
The message conveyed in this work is that agility can be implemented anywhere. Accordingly, ten guidelines are presented for the adoption of agility to enable us to cope with changes in our lives, in our teams, and in our organizations. Since the authors advocate agility, the content is presented in the form of concise standalone chapters, allowing the reader to focus on the specific topic they wish to adopt in order to become agile.
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Synthesis and applications of macroscopic well-aligned multi-walled carbon nanotube films
Building a massively multiplayer online roleplaying
THE DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF PATIENT LOCATION APPLICATION
Cultural anthropology : an applied perspective
Study and Integrate Bootstrap 3 for OpixManager
Fabrication of surface relief diffractive optical elements and their applications
Design and Implementation of Autonomous Stair Climbing with Nao Humanoid Robot
GPS Tracker Data Analysis Platform
Building microservices
Discrete mathematics and its applications
Designing tangible user interfaces for NFC phones
Contact Finder Web Application
Two major endo-1,4-[beta]-xylanases from Trichoderma reesei
Virtual reality in engineering
Web 2.0 technologies and applications
Abstract: HyperNotifier.
Modern romance
Development of Maintenance Assisting Software Application for Mobile Work Machine
I`m working for Nokia as an Operations specialist and my main jos is to monitor and operate production, development, test and training systems to provide 2nd level support for global SAP and e-business systems. When I started in this organization, we didn`t have any electronic tool for keeping a log of problems that occurred during the day. We needed a simple tool - a logbook - for a daily use. It should be easy to use, and it should include all necessary details about incidents that occur. The tool should help us to find similar cases which helps in troubleshooting. We should also be able to gather some statistic regarding which environments cause incidents, availability of systems, number of duty admin assignments etc. We decided to use an application that was already partly in use in our organization. The application is called HP OpenView Service Desk. Service Desk in an enterprise solution that enables organization to implement support processes and align IT processes with business needs. Service Desk is application that supports an integrated set of support processes such as call management, incident management and problem management with quality processes such as configurations, change, work and service level management. I designed and created the basic form, which is used to create new indicents to the logbook. The form changed a lot during this project, because we got more and more services to our resbonsibility and even more details were needed in order to get better statistics and reports. I also created some templates, filtered data views and reports. Eventually the logbook got a name Incident Management Tool and it was enladged to cover the whole organization, not just our team. It also generated certain Critical Incident Management and Communication Process, in which every member of our Incident Management and Communication Process, in which every member of our organization has a role and area of responsibility if a service or a part of serviceis down.
Online Food Shop for iPhone
Android Mobile Application for Student Enrollment System
Effect of enjoyment on attitude and on behavioral intention to use mobile applications when technology use is mandatory
Towards optimal application mapping for energy-efficient many-core platforms
The making of information systems : software engineering and management in a globalized world
Wärtsilä project purchasing and logistics configurator
Android programming : pushing the limits
Online Car Selling Application Using PayPal
Pro JavaScript RIA techniques : best practices, performance, and presentation
Study Time - An Android Based Mobile Learning Application
Numerical simulation of fluid-structure interaction between acoustic and elastic waves
Maximizing Customer Value: Better Software and Web Solutions through Iteration of Use Cases
Mobile food ordering application
User interface design for iOS camera application : project: designing gif video camera application
Seminar "Advanced power conversion-concepts for motor drives", 27-28 April 2005 in Aalborg, Denmark
Design and implementation of food management system on Android platform with QR code support
Spaced Repetition Cloud WebApp in Java EE and Google Material Design
Making user-focused prototype : using design sprint to test, design and prototype mobile app rapidly
The Design of Temperature and Humidity Chamber Monitor and Controller
Building a SumoBot Robot with a AVR Butterfly Microcontroller
Industry hybrid libraries : EBR and BIL
Game theory and experimental games : the study of strategic interaction
Professional mobile web development with WordPress, Joomla! and Drupal
iConnected : use AirPlay, iCloud, apps, and more to bring your Apple devices together
Virtual runtime application partitions for resource management in parallel architectures
Augmented Reality Client-Server Application for Schneider Electrics’ Protection Relay
Business model analysis on Android app stores
Mobile Feedback System in Android Platform: a project of Helsinki city
Online investment and loan application
Perilous knowledge : the human genome project and its implications
Encyclopedia of applied ethics. 2, E - I
Users voices : participative design and living lab approach in LILY
Multiplatform Java Gateway
Realtime Web Analytics
Better Life with Energy and Intelligence Technology : The Third Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Packs six minibooks in one full-color guide: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps. Covers the newest iPad features, functions, and capabilities, including the stunning retina display, voice dictation, the enhanced iSight camera, HD video recording in full 1080p.
Applied finite mathematics
Elements of applied stochastic processes
Database systems : an application-oriented approach
The Best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
A top-down approach for creating and implementing data mining solutions
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Microprocessor applications manual
Abstract: Designing an automatic recommendation system for a web based social e-learning application. The purpose of this study was to create a prototype of an automatic recommendation system to demonstrate how recommendation systems work, what the possible pitfalls are and how they can be avoided. The results were evaluated from Bitville's web based social learning application's point of view. First the concept of social e-learning is introduced. Then the technology and the taxonomy of the recommendation system are presented. Some of the mathematical tools that are the base of recommendation engines are introduced and it is shown how they can be used in applications. The outcome of the study was a working prototype that was built on the same programming framework as Bitville's social e-learning application, thus it can be incorporated. With the prototype it was proven that it is possible to build a recommendation engine that takes into account the ratings of the users for different content items and in this way bringing the social element into the recommendation process.
Greedy Snake Video Game Based on Nios II System
A Teaching Tool for the IEC 61850 Substation Configuration Language : Moodle Integration for Energy Technology ICT
Java EE 7 with GlassFish 4 application server : a practical guide to install and configure the GlassFish 4 application server and develop Java EE 7 applications to be deployed to this server
Electrical methods in geophysical prospecting
MULTIPLATFORM JAVA GATEWAY
Development of incident management tool for it support organization
Semantic visualization for smart spaces : merging the material and digital worlds
Beginning mobile application development in the cloud
Gamification : an overview of mechanics and application
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Body Area Network  Standardization, Analysis and Application
The age of desire : reflections of a radical psychoanalyst
Demonstrating Social Networks with Java
Ting-E-Ling: A Health Monitoring Device
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
Mobile DongFeng News : Android News Reading Application
Coming up with this topic for the bachelor’s thesis was my own idea. However, my lecturer gave me the idea to use the current UbiPIll application and find out if anything else could be added to the application. The main aim of this thesis was to enable one to be familiar with smart phones that use Android and Google maps. In addition, it aimed at enabling one to be able to implement a computer application that can run on a real smart phone that uses Android platform. In order to achieve this, it was necessary to develop a Patient Location mobile application system. The application will be part of the Ubipill project and aimed at assisting the patients to take their medication on time especially the elderly patients. In addition, it had to assist nurses to be able to monitor their patients regularly more easily and effectively. Conducting this study involved a number of methods, materials and devices such as a computer, modem and a printer. The most fundamental one was the online reading materials that assisted in getting to know more about the UbiPill project. In the current world, mobile phones have become very important and vital devices that play major roles in the day-to-day life of human beings. This not only for the fact that they are very useful devices when it comes to communication but for the reason that they come with more and more interesting features with the advancing technology. People are changing towards making use of smart phones because they are able to assist them in doing many different things that an ordinary phone is not capable of doing. Among the things that people do with mobile phones is gaming, finding directions and remind patients to take their medication, which the basis of this research. Mobile phone manufactures have preinstalled games into the mobile phones and Google map application that assist people in finding the directions of a place.Since the development of mobile smart phones and its popularity, the integration of a computer application into a mobile application has been on the rise. These applications are developed to run on the Android mobile phone platform. This is for the fact that Android platform dominates the market of smart phones. The idea behind the application is that some patients forget to take their medication on time or even the caretakers forget to give medication to their patients. The application makes use of notifications to remind the nurses to give medication to their patients and gives them the direction to the exact location of their patients. Nevertheless, there are still possible future improvements that can be done on the application apart from the patient location. One such improvement is making the application to have the capabilities to show the exact correct medication dosage for a particular drug. The result of the study is a working application, which makes use of mobile phones to find the location of a patient that has not taken medication.
A College Android Mobile Application : All the College's information in one place
Database and data communication network systems : techniques and applications. Volume 1
An application using WCF
Development of PDF417 barcode generator
How location-based social network applications are being used
Ecommerce mobile application with IBM WebSphere
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Use of Bluetooth in automation technology
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
Comparing Google’s Android and Apple’s iOS Mobile Software Development Environments
Usability challenges in Web 2.0 applications
Tiivistelmä: An application using WCF.
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
Development of Fiber Laser
COM programming by example : using MFC, ActiveX, ATL, ADO, and COM+
Problems analysis and solutions for the establishment of augmented reality technology in maintenance and education
iPad Application Development For Dummies?
Implementation of manufacturing data management application in the scientific research project
Flash XML applications : use AS2 and AS3 to create photo galleries, menus, and databases
Hacking exposed 6 : network security secrets & solutions
Veterinary work management application - MatVet
GIS based chemical fate modeling : principles and applications
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
WebSocket essentials, building apps with HTML5 WebSockets : build your own real-time web applications using HTML5 WebSockets
Novel micro-optical applications and fabrication approaches
Mastering cloud computing : foundations and applications programming
"This book covers the integration of chemical fate modeling for use in Geographic Information System (GIS) functions. It features a practical and hands-on approach that's intended for modelers preparing maps of chemical emissions, and creating landscape and climate properties within a GIS, while chemical fate calculations are performed using specialized model codes. A relevant part of the book also discusses data retrieval and processing as a basis for modeling. As such, the book offers a one-stop reference for practitioners who wish to integrate GIS with chemical modeling"--
Beginning Java EE 6 platform with GlassFish 3
Incredible iPad Apps for dummies
Mycomob : a mobile phone application and web community
Introduction to Windows Phone 8
Corpus of consultative dialogues : experimentally collected source data for AI applications
Humanoid Robot NAO Playing "Spot The Differences" Game
Mathmagicians
Ultrasonic imaging and holography : medical, sonar and optical applications
Building scalable database applications : object-oriented design, architectures and implementations
Domain Specific Modelling
The multimedia handbook
Mobile Game Development, Mobile Market Insights and Animation Methods.
Design of protein cage : based biohybrid materials
Probability for engineering with applications to reliability
Zinc oxide : a material for micro-and optoelectronic applications
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
Designing an automatic recommendation system for a web based social e-learning application
Java and android application development for dummies : ebook set
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
3D Visualization : 3D Model Visualization inSamsung 3D TV Using 3D Glasses
The power of algorithms : inspiration and examples in everyday life
Development of a self-tuning fuzzy logic controller for a rotary dryer
The development and use of patient location application
Food Scanner : barcode reader
Web API development and integration for microservice functionality in web applications
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
Mobile first as a best practice in web design
Supporting awareness with non-speech sound in ubiquitous computing applications
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Common Testing Application with XML Conversion Plug-In for LTE DSP SW Integration
HyperNotifier
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Pattern recognition : concepts, methods and applications
Laser fundamentals and applications
HTML5 as a cross-platform for mobile applications development
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
Google app inventor for Android
Syncronization in Windows operating system
In this presentation it is described how the users (three levels: end users, care givers, relatives  and other stakeholders) are participating to the design and definition of the LILY services system from  the early phases to the implementation and piloting phase. The different user groups are presented  and described the specific features of the groups in France and Finland. The methods to be used in  data gathering and analyzing are described.
Abstract: This project was carried out for the Public Works Department of Helsinki City, and the purpose was to create a location-aware feedback application for the Android mobile platform. The created application was capable of interacting with a remote server and rendering the user interface at runtime depending upon data retrieved from the database. In addition, a web application was also required to be created to handle the database. The mobile application was developed in the Android platform using the Java programming language in Eclipse IDE. MYSQL was used for database design and PHP was used as a server side scripting language. The web application consisted of simple HTML pages with CSS and Javascript. During the project, a localized Android application, capable of accessing device features such as camera and GPS and creating the user interface dynamically, was developed. The web application was also created, and it acted as an interface for creating, viewing and modifying the data in the database. The developed Android application can be used effectively to get feedback from general citizens in workshops organized by the Public Works Department of Helsinki City in the form of general text, images and location information. As the application is localized, it is accessible to people using the Finnish, Swedish and English language.
Synchronization with SyncML
On design and modelling of web applications outside the browser
Managing rapid application development risks with a graphical modeling method
The Design of Temperature and Humidity Remote Monitoring
Introduction to applied solid state physics : topics in the applications of semiconductors, superconductors, ferromegnetism, and the nonlinear optical properties of solids
User interaction experiences on the touchscreen mobile device
Integrating Docker to a Continuous Delivery pipeline : a pragmatic approach
Benefits and drawbacks of using Silverlight in interactive business applications
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
Abstract: Industry hybrid libraries : EBR and BIL.
iPhone application development for dummies
Applied diffractive optics with electron beam lithography
Performance considerations for Domino applications
Xbee API Mode Programming and A Sound Detection Application
Writing and running qmltestrunner tests
Oracle database design for e-commerce application
"The book provides the fundamental knowledge necessary for the application of GIS in solving chemical fate modeling problems"--
Biotechnology - experiences and visions in agriculture, food processing, forestry and environment : Helsinki, Finland, January 9th, 2008 : programme & abstracts
Understanding and analyzing SQL/CLI database usage of Java software: empirical study
Linux appliance design : a hands-on guide to building Linux appliances
Blackboard-based software framework and tool for mobile device context awareness
PC Calibration of Measuring Instrument
Smart living and AAL services
Future of fractals : proceedings of the international conference, Nagoya, Japan, 25-27 July 1995
Developing, Managing and Maintaining Web Applications with Content Management Systems: Drupal and Joomla as case study
JavaScript Concurrency
A Photo Sharing Application for Android Mobile Device
Delay characteristics of an IP voice terminal
Teamcenter Environment Reporter
The practical handbook of internet computing
Applying information technology : 101 success stories from the Esprit programme
Applied ethics : a reader
Using algebraic geometry
Addis – A City Guide Mobile Application
iPad all-in-one for dummies
Smart Tagging System for Diving Equipment
Database and applications security : integrating information security and data management
The Java handbook
Web application development using PHP and MySQL
Electronic Photo Frame
OpenEdge ABL application modernization : case: technical dashboard
Windows Azure step by step
The objective of this thesis was to design and develop an interactive web application for TeliaSonera. The application was meant to become easy and simple to use. The application is a staff directory and it is based on a tool that was previously developed for TeliaSonera. The target group for this application are the employees of TeliaSonera but especially the newcomers. This application is used to search contacts, who you can ask for help and advice with solving any problem related with TeliaSonera.Tags are used to find the contacts. The application was made interactive by programming it with JavaScript and jQuery which is a JavaScript Library. PHP was used to make web application dynamic. PostgreSQL object-relational database management system was used as a database server.
Fuzzy-neural control : principles, algorithms and applications
Agile anywhere : essays on agile projects and beyond
Cross-platform development of the Smart Client application with Qt framework and QtQuick
Slicing pizzas, racing turtles, and further adventures in applied mathematics
Dielectrophoretic mobility of a spherical particle in 2D hyperbolic quadrupole electrode geometry
MIDI Interpreter Software
HTML5 AS A CROSS-PLATFORM FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS DEVELOPMENT
Maxima and minima with applications : practical optimization and duality
Towards a meta-method for the engineering of situational evaluation methods for domain-specific modeling tools
Chemically modified and surface structured hydrophobic polyolefins
A Grid job submission client
The quantum theory of fields.  2, Modern applications
