http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28159 single-player games
single-player games
Arkham horror : Dunwich horror expansion
Freedom : the underground railroad
Rory's story cubes : tarinakuutiot
Manage farms around the Alpich pond near the village of Esporles on Majorca. Players extend their farms, bring goods to the market, and deliver them to more distant places as well. Player use "dice crafting" for their actions, they may collect resources for victory points, or hire helpers to employ special effects. Barns can be added to store goods. Sometimes you can even take a siesta!
Legendary encounters : a Predator deck building game
Mage knight : Board game
Churchill : big three struggle for peace
Agricola : Farmers of the moor
North pole : Camouflage
Legendary encounters : an Alien deck building game
Penguins on ice
Rory's story cubes : intergalactic = avaruus
Star Trek : Frontiers board game is an epic game of exploration and adventure. Take control of one of four powerful starships and play a variety of competitive and cooperative scenarios as you compete to explore this new region of space. Conquer Dominion starbases and gain new technologies, explore new planets and face new species, or assault the Borg and recruit new crew to help you reach new heights! Level up as you progress through each mission and carefully build your action deck and captains skills for the mission at hand. Each decision you make will impede or improve your reputation in the region, as you acquire new technologies and position yourself as the captain best suited to accomplish the mission. After 4 rounds of exploration, diplomacy, and combat, only the captain with the greatest impact on the region will be declared the victor!
Laser maze : beam-bending logic game
Castle logix : towering blocks - blocking towers
Robinson Crusoe : Adventures on the cursed island
Sherlock Holmes consulting detective
Arkham horror : Miskatonic horror expansion
Dungeons & dragons : Temple of elemental evil : board game
Xenoshyft : Onslaught. A strategic base defence deck builder
La granja. ¡No siesta! : the dice game
Arkham Horror: The Card Game is a cooperative living card game set amid a backdrop of Lovecraftian horror. As the ancient ones seek entry to our world, one to two investigators work to unravel arcane mysteries and conspiracies. Included in this base game box is one campaign which has three scenarios.
Arkham horror
Legendary : a Marvel deck building game
The Hunters : German u-boats at war, 1939-43
Fields of Arle
Agricola : Family Edition
Neuroshima hex! 3.0
Traffic control airport : the transparent game
Eldritch horror
Arkham horror : the card game
Fire in the lake : Insurgency in Vietnam
You and your teammates will have to work together to survive the continuous onslaught of powerful alien threats and horrors. The goal of the mission is not to wipe out these threats, it is merely to outlast them! Survive through nine rounds of combat with these horrors and the base will have succeeded in its mission, and you and your allies will have survived to fight another day!
