http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2816 economic journalism
economic journalism
National champions in combat : Nokia, Ericsson and the sensemaking of business news
The local and international in Russian business journalism : structutres and practices
Sexualizing of economic discourse in a Finnish daily newspaper of the 1990s
Community created content : law, business and policy
The Business of sports : a primer for journalists
Real-world media ethics : inside the broadcast and entertainment industries
Mediated economic reality or aching spots of civil society? : Finnish mainstream media publicity of welfare disparities 1988-1998
Media geographies : regional newspaper discourses in Finland in the 1990s
Global communications : toward a transcultural political economy
On the dark side of democracy : the global imaginary of financial journalism
The fortune tellers : inside Wall Street's game of money, media, and manipulation
The racket : a rogue reporter vs the masters of the universe
The economy, media, and public knowledge
An investigative journey into the ways the resource trade wreaks havoc on Africa, 'The Looting Machine' sheds light on the shadowy networks that connect Goldman Sachs, BP, the Hong Kong underworld and the murderous cabals that rule some oil states
Approaches to media discourse
Intermediality and media change
Acts of resistance : against the tyranny of the market
Making news : the political economy of journalism in Britain and America from the glorious revolution to the Internet
Changing strategies of Russian business press
The vanishing newspaper : saving journalism in the information age
This book charts the rise and fall of the newspaper as the primary medium for the conveyance of news. The book focuses on two of the most influential media markets in the modern world-Great Britain and the United States between 1688 and 1995. In 1688, Parliament created institutional arrangements that would hasten the rise of the newspaper as the dominant medium for the circulation of news. In 1995, the National Science Foundation commercialized the Internet, encouraging an astonishing proliferation of information on all manner of topics, including the news. Per capita newspaper circulation had been declining for decades, partly due to shifting social norms, and partly due to the rise of broadcast news. The Internet exacerbated this trend, partly because it provided a cheaper news source, and partly because it quickly became a superior vehicle for advertising, a major source of revenue for newspaper publishers for over two-hundred-years. However, only rarely has advertising revenue and direct sales covered costs. Almost never has the demand for news generated the revenue necessary for its supply.
The looting machine : warlords, tycoons, smugglers, and the systematic theft of Africa's wealth
Complacency and collusion : a critical introduction to business and financial journalism
A story about a message that was a story : message form and its implications to knowledge flow
The power of the financial press : journalism and economic opinion in Britain and America
Mediating business : the expansion of business journalism
Changing concepts of time
Media ethics beyond borders : a global perspective
The Wall Street journal : the story of Dow Jones & the nation's business newspaper
The development of Swedish business journalism : historical roots of an organisational field
The watchdog that didn't bark : the financial crisis and the disappearance of investigative reporting
Secrets of economics editors
The globalization of news
The Wall Street journal guide to information graphics : the dos and don'ts of presenting data, facts, and figures
Any weak signals? : The New York Times and the stock market crashes of 1929, 1987 and 2000
Business media in Nordic countries and Russia : global trends, local contents
Information flows : new approaches in the historical study of business information
Essays on the asymmetric news effects on exchange rate volatility
Globalization and its discontents: the rise of postmodern socialisms
Redesigning English : new texts, new identities
English summary: At the information market. Earnings game in financial press releases in Finland.
Cultural studies and political economy : toward a new integration
Europe's digital revolution : broadcasting regulation, the EU and the nation state
Ethics of the professions : medicine, business, media, law
The definitive guide to the graphic presentation of information contains a step-by-step guide to executing clear, concise, and intelligent graphics. The most current digital information is included along with practical advice, making this an essential reference.
A story about a message that was a story
Reading the financial pages for dummies
Silent democracy, noisy media
Complacency and Collusion provides a definitive analysis of financial and business journalism - its origins, how and why it developed and how it shapes and influences political debates. Keith J. Butterick provides a compelling explanation for why big business needs the press and why the press needs big business. The book cuts through the fog of misreporting which occurred during the recent financial crisis, explaining just why so much that passes for financial journalism is inadequate. Butterick sheds light on an area of journalism which is little understood, revealing the models by which it operates and why business and financial journalism continues to be more successful than other sectors of the print media. It will be essential reading for students of journalism and media studies. --
Neoliberalism, media and the political
The media in transitional democracies
Media & culture : an introduction to mass communication
Journalistic source practices in Russian business dailies
European media in crisis: values, risks and policies
Looks at the reasons why the mainstream media didn't foresee the eventual 2008 financial crisis.
