http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2819 herders
herders
Cowboy : The enduring myth of the wild west
German Shepherd Dog : your happy healthy pet
Songs of the Cowboy
Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch
Cop cai = Tigress
Can anybody hear me?
The alchemist : a fable about following your dream
All the pretty horses
Jesus' Christmas party
The herd boy
I want to be a cowgirl
Essential care in the field : a fitness manual for working dogs
Lonesome dove : the outlaw years. Part I, episodes 1-11
The incorruptibles
Cavalier king charles spaniel
The alchemist
Fighting forum
Reading the Bible today in the land of Bible : pastoral letter
Lonesome dove : the outlaw years. Part II, episodes 12-22
The boy who cried wolf
A way of life : sheepdog training, handling and trialling
The old west
COWBOYS
Cloud atlas
Talking sheepdogs
Ballistic logistic
America in the 19th century: You are a rancher and repeatedly herd your cattle from Texas to Kansas City, from where you send them off by train. You must keep your herd in good shape and use the buildings along the trail wisely. You can also hire capable staff such as cowboys, craftsmen and engineers. If you manage your herd cleverly and navigate the opportunities and pitfalls of this great western trail, you surely will emerge the winner.
In the Old West, towns grow like mushrooms. And the birth of a new city inevitably draws in desperados of all kinds. When Lucky Luke spends the night in brand new Daisy Town, he's forced to do a little cleaning up, and his skills rather impress the local population. So much so that they offer him the job of sheriff. The city is soon crime-free - until the Dalton brothers ride into town...
The German shepherd dog : expert advice on training, care, and nutrition
The Greek bucolic poets
Cowboy boots
THE COWBOY AT WORK
Running wild
Three bags full : a sheep detective story
The big mountain adventure
Lasso the moon
Sheepdog training and trials : a complete guide for Border Collie handlers
Somebody to love : a Cupid, Texas novel
The classic western rider
Painted horses
Pancreatic acinar atrophy in German shepherd dogs and rough-coated Collies : etiopathogenesis and response to long-term enzyme replacement treatment
The cowboy boot
The golden carpet : a story from Armenia
All out of love : a Cupid, Texas novel
Footprint reading library. The gauchos of Argentina
The first cowboy and those who followed
Louis L'Amour. Law of the desert born : a graphic novel
Ghost town at sundown
Cowboy
Abstract: Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch.
The Yorkshire shepherdess : how I left city life behind to raise a family - and a flock
The holy night
Good to eat , good to live with : nomads and animals in northern Eurasia and Africa
The crossing
Far from the madding crowd
Cowboy bits and spurs with values
The horse illustrated guide to western riding
Buckaroo : visions and voices of the American Cowboy
Cowboy culture : the last frontier of American antiques
Herdingworld magazine : kansainvälinen paimennuslehti = international herding magazine
The cowboys
The Daltons' amnesia
The cowboy encyclopedia
Love at first sight : a Cupid, Texas novel
The Provencal tales
The Alchemist : 25th anniversary edition
Dragon frontier
The shepherd's life : a tale of the Lake District
The goose girl
American cowboy
For you are a Kenyan child
The complete belgian tervuren
Cowboy ties
Daisy town
Western riding : tips for beginners
Pet owner's guide to the Shetland Sheepdog
Great western trail
Cowboy : the illustrated history
The last cowboy in Texas
Dead heat
Pastoralism and development in Africa : dynamic change at the margins
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
Influence of nutrition at young age on canine hip dysplasia in German Shepherd dogs
