http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2813 social affairs and health administration
social affairs and health administration
Tutkimustiivistelmiä vuonna 1981 = Sammandrag av undersökningar år 1981 = Summaries of surveys in 1981
Tiivistelmiä vuosilta 1979-1980 = Sammandrag av undersökningar år 1979-1980 = Summaries of surveys in 1979 and 1980
Managing in health and social care
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
Economics, medicine and health care
Evaluating the NHS reforms
Strategic issues in health care management
Resilient health care. volume 3, reconciling work-as-imagined and work-as-done
Policy making in Finnish social and health care : a network approach
Motivation, agency, and public policy : of knights and knaves, pawns and queens
Health in all policies : seizing opportunities, implementing policies
"This book investigates the creation and implementation of enterprise information systems, covering a wide array of topics such as flow-shop scheduling, information systems outsourcing, ERP systems utilization, Dietz transaction methodology, and advanced planning systems"--Provided by publisher.
Trends in EU health care systems
Summary (s. 3).
Administrative registers in health research : a cohort study of Finnish children born in 1987
Quasi-markets and social policy
Finnish central government administration views on welfare service reform : advancing the social investment paradigm?
The new managerialism and public service professions : change in health, social services, and housing
Government strategy document 2007.
Nordic social attitudes in a European perspective
Occupational Safety and Health Strategy : follow-up report 2001.
Leading, managing, caring : understanding leadership and management in health and social care
"One might wonder what a single-chamber parliament, dish drying cabinets and text messaging have in common. Or what the link is between maternity packs, xylitol, the sauna and free school meals. The answer is simple: they are all Finnish social innovations. In Finland, as elsewhere, technical inventions have hogged all the economic limelight, but it is only recently that social innovations have been highlighted as the foundation of societal harmony. Gender equality, free education, universal social security and parliamentary democracy, and the consequent social stability they create, have secured Finland's welfare. This book, which is both serious and entertaining, presents 100 Finnish social innovations." -- (Back Cover)
Information technology acceptance in the Finnish social and healthcare sector : exploring the effects of cultural factors
Innovation in social services : the public-private mix in service provision, fiscal policy and employment
"Health in All Policies (HiAP) is an approach to policies that systematically takes into account the health and health-system implications of decisions, seeks synergies, and avoids harmful health impacts to improve population health and health equity. It is founded on health-related rights and obligations and has great potential to improve population health and equity. However, incorporating health into policies across sectors is often challenging and even when decisions are made, implementation may only be partial or unsustainable. This volume aims to improve our understanding of the dynamics of HiAP policy-making and implementation processes. Drawing on experience from all regions, and from countries at various levels of economic development, it demonstrates that HiAP is feasible in different contexts, and provides fresh insight into how to seize opportunities to promote HiAP and how to implement policies for health across sectors. Part I sets the scene with five chapters on the concept and history of HiAP, links between socioeconomic development and health, the social determinants of health, and the importance of preserving national policy space for health in a globalizing world. Part II assesses progress in eight policy areas including early childhood development, work and health, mental health promotion, agriculture, food and nutrition, tobacco, alcohol, environment and development assistance. Part III draws together lessons for the health sector, as well as for politicians, policy-makers, researchers and civil society advocates."
Enterprise information systems design, implementation and management : organizational applications
Advocacy skills : a handbook for human service professionals
Research and development in the Administrative Sector of the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health
Ministry of Social Affairs and Health and National Agency for Welfare and Health
Accountability in the public sector applied to municipal social and health care
Restructuring welfare governance : marketization, managerialism and welfare state professionalism
Global social governance : themes and prospects
eHealth and eWelfare of Finland : checkpoint 2011
Organizational diversity of health services in Mogadishu, Somalia
The changing health system in France
Summary.
Responses to the recommendations
Ministry of Social Affairs and Health and related authorities
Counselling in different settings : the reality of practice
100 social innovations from Finland
The world health report 2000 : health systems: Improving performance
Social and health policy-oriented research and development activities in Finland
Local decision making II
Socius Finland : international edition
Ministry of Social Affairs and Health and social security and health care in Finland
Governing medicine : theory and practice
Social security and health care in Finland and Ministry of Social Affairs and Health
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Centralization and power in social service delivery systems : the cases of England, Wales and the United States
Management in health care
Challenges in health care management : strategic perspectives for managing key stakeholders
European health care reform : analysis of current strategies
Organizations working together
Oulun pohjoisen ulottuvuuden foorumin 15.01.2001 tulokset / resultat / [Beredningsgruppen för det nationella forumet] = Results of the Oulu Northern Dimension Forum 15.01.2001
Europeanization, care and gender global complexities
Effective health care management : an evaluative approach
"The contemporary relevance of Diversity, Ethnicity, Migration and Work is evident in debates on migration, racism and the global market in healthcare workers. This book is about work and workers in the health care sector across three continents and in particular the UK, the USA and Nigeria. The book engages with the politics of health care and offers important insights into inequalities in employment and health care. It is informed by current thinking on migration, ethnicity and work, including critical engagement with the literature on diasporas, social networks, social processes, anti-racism and diversity management. The authors provide an historical and global perspective before engaging deeply with the working experience of highly qualified international migrants and low paid migrant and minority workers. They provide unique comparative and intersectional insights into the experience of migrant doctors compared to UK and US qualified doctors and deepen this understanding by an exploration of women doctors' experiences. The story of frontline low paid migrant and black and minority ethnic workers is told drawing on social processes and the means of challenging inequalities through trade unions and social networks. The book concludes with a critical and comparative appraisal of diversity management strategies."
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Occupational safety and health strategy of the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health
Local decision making : articles from Poland, Czech Republic and Finland
From the social sector to selective individualized prison practices? : a study on substance abuse among prisoners and its treatment
Effectiveness of e-government in a two-case comparison : health care services in Finland and Estonia
Managing care in context
Leadership in health and social care : an introduction for emerging leaders
Primary health care in the Nordic countries in the early 1990.
Poverty, health and reproduction in early colonial Uganda
Innovations in health care delivery : insights for organization theory
Diversity, ethnicity, migration, and work : international perspectives
Abstract:  Accountability in the public sector applied to municipal social and health care.
Innovation and health : theory, methodology and applications
Government resolution on a drug policy action programme in Finland 2004-2007
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Planning and budgeting skills for health and social work managers
Complex policy planning : the government strategic management of the social care market
Commissioning for health and well-being : an introduction
National public health institutes : European perspective : IANPHI/Europe
The effectiveness of health impact assessment : scope and limitations of supporting decision-making in Europe
