http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28183 signboards and nameplates
signboards and nameplates
Battle dress : a gallery of military style and ornament
Walk this way : sign graphics now
Advertising and public memory : social, cultural and historical perspectives on ghost signs
Wayshowing : a guide to environmental signage principles & practices
Characters : cultural stories revealed through typography
Grafica della strada : the signs of Italy
This way : signage design for public spaces
Pictogram and icon collection : from public signage to web icons
Left, right, up, down : : new directions in signage and wayfinding
Russian painted shop signs and Avant-garde artists
Wayfinding : designing and implementing graphic navigational systems
You are here : a new approach to signage and wayfinding
Informotion : animated infographics
Type and signage are part of our daily lives and the history of whichever city we happen to live in. Stephen Banham has researched the signage and typography of a city to present a collection of quirky, poignant and often funny stories.
Signage systems & information graphics : a professional sourcebook
Cities of signs : learning the logic of urban spaces
For years, the signs in the New York City subway system were a bewildering hodge-podge of lettering styles, sizes, shapes, materials, colors, and messages. The original mosaics (dating from as early as 1904), displaying a variety of serif and sans serif letters and decorative elements, were supplemented by signs in terracotta and cut stone. Over the years, enamel signs identifying stations and warning riders not to spit, smoke, or cross the tracks were added to the mix. Efforts to untangle this visual mess began in the mid-1960s, when the city transit authority hired the design firm Unimark International to create a clear and consistent sign system. We can see the results today in the white-on-black signs throughout the subway system, displaying station names, directions, and instructions in crisp Helvetica. This book tells the story of how typographic order triumphed over chaos. The process didn't go smoothly or quickly. At one point New York Times architecture writer Paul Goldberger declared that the signs were so confusing one almost wished that they weren't there at all. Legend has it that Helvetica came in and vanquished the competition. Paul Shaw shows that it didn't happen that way--that, in fact, for various reasons (expense, the limitations of the transit authority sign shop), the typeface overhaul of the 1960s began not with Helvetica but with its forebear, Standard (AKA Akzidenz Grotesk). It wasn't until the 1980s and 1990s that Helvetica became ubiquitous. Shaw describes the slow typographic changeover (supplementing his text with more than 250 images--photographs, sketches, type samples, and documents). He places this signage evolution in the context of the history of the New York City subway system, of 1960s transportation signage, of Unimark International, and of Helvetica itself
"Information Design shows designers in all fields - from user-interface design to architecture and engineering - how to design complex data and information for meaning, relevance, and clarity. Written by a worldwide authority on the visualization of complex information, this full-color, heavily illustrated guide provides real-life problems and examples as well as hypothetical and historical examples, demonstrating the conceptual and pragmatic aspects of human factors-driven information design. Both successful and failed design examples are included to help readers understand the principles under discussion"--
Shit New York : snapshots of the city that never sleeps - caught napping
Designing information : human factors and common sense in information design
Typography for the people : hand-painted signs from around the world
1000 retail graphics : from signage to logos and everything in-store
The wayfinding handbook : information design for public places
Paris in love
Signage and wayfinding design : a complete guide to creating environmental graphic design systems
Helvetica and the New York City subway system : the true (maybe) story
Visual information for everyday use
Kanban : the art of the Japanese shop design
