http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28118 authorship (literary)
authorship (literary) literary authorship
The writer's room : conversations about writing
The author's voice in classical and late antiquity
Russian writers, their lives and literature
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future: history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
The flow of reality's development : from postmodernism to post-postmodernism in John Irving's The World According to Garp and Last Night in Twisted River
"I have had a feeling that authors take their responsibility too lightly" : Elvi Sinervo as a working-class author
"The Cambridge Companion to Victorian Women's Writing brings together chapters by leading scholars to provide innovative and comprehensive coverage of Victorian women writers' careers and literary achievements. While incorporating the scholarly insights of modern feminist criticism, it also reflects new approaches to women authors that have emerged with the rise of book history; periodical studies; performance studies; post-colonial studies; and scholarship on authorship, readership, and publishing. It traces the Victorian woman writer's career-from making her debut to working with publishers and editors to achieving literary fame-and challenges previous thinking about genres in which women contributed with success. Chapters on poetry, including a discussion of poetry in colonial and imperial contexts, reveal women's engagements with each other and male writers. Discussions on drama, life-writing, reviewing, history, travel writing, and children's literature uncover the remarkable achievement of women in fields relatively unknown"--
How to be a young #writer
Carnival and theater : plebian culture and the structure of authority in Renaissance England
Some rain must fall. My struggle book 5
The Cambridge companion to James Baldwin
Deleuze and collaborative writing : an immanent plane of composition
"This is the first English-language study of the Chinese writer's work and influence, featuring essays from scholars in a range of disciplines, from both China and the United States. Its introduction, twelve articles, and epilogue aim to deepen and widen critical discussions of both a specific literary author and the globalization of Chinese literature more generally. The book takes the "root-seeking" movement with which Mo Yan's works are associated as a metaphor for its organizational structure. The four articles of "Part I: Leaves" focus on Mo Yan's works as world literature, exploring the long shadow his works have cast globally. Howard Goldblatt, Mo Yan's English translator, explores the difficulties and rewards of interpreting his work, while subsequent articles cover issues such as censorship and the "performativity" associated with being a global author. "Part II: Trunk" explores the nativist core of Mo Yan's works. Through careful comparative treatment of related historical events, the five articles in this section show how specific literary works intermingle with China's national and international politics, its mid-twentieth-century visual culture, and its rich religious and literary conventions, including humor. The three articles in "Part III: Roots" delve into the theoretical and practical extensions of Mo Yan's works, uncovering the vibrant critical and cultural systems that ground Eastern and Western literatures and cultures. Mo Yan in Context concludes with an epilogue by sociologist Fenggang Yang, offering a personal and globally aware reflection on the recognition Mo Yan's works have received at this historical juncture"--
Apuleius and the Metamorphosis of Platonism
The Cambridge companion to Victorian women's writing
Mo Yan in context : Nobel laureate and global storyteller
The arts of poetry and prose
Art and idea in the novels of China Miéville
I, author : authorship and copyright in the age of artificial intelligence
The elements of blogging : expanding the conversation of journalism
This book offers (in the first six chapters) critical readings of six novels by China Miéville, which are followed (in the seventh chapter) by a theoretical meditation on some of the conceptual issues raised by and engaged in the Miéville oeuvre.
Goncharov
Authority in crisis in French literature, 1850-1880
“Charlotte Wood's online journal The Writer's Room has become essential reading for writers at all stages of their careers, and also pure reading pleasure for booklovers everywhere. Charlotte's interviews with a wide range of well-known writers range in topic from the subject matter of the writers' work to quite intricate - and intimate - revelations about the ways in which they work. Charlotte's subjects are frank about the failures and successes, the struggles and triumphs of the writing life, and extremely generous in their revelations. A must-read for writers and readers.” / WorldCat.
The author
Conversations with Joyce Carol Oates
Death and Mr Pickwick
"Considering the crises of literary authority in nineteenth-century French literature against the backdrop of the Second Empire (1852-1870) and the aftermath of the bloody Paris Commune of 1871, Seth Whidden focuses on the phenomena - literary collaboration, parody, destabilized poetic form, the substitution of one poetic or narrative voice with that of the many - that enabled challenges to the traditional status of the writer and, by extension, the political authority that it reflected" --
Apuleius was a respected philosophus Platonicus in Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages. Until the middle of last century, he attracted the attention of scholars as a so-called 'Middle Platonist' author. Then, with the rejection of the historical schema that he had been situated in (the so-called 'school of Gaius', which we will treat shortly), his 'brother Alcinous was the object of studies and (even harsh) criticisms, while almost nothing more was written about Apuleius by anyone. Studies of Middle Platonism primarily accentuated the liberty of the philosophers of the 1st and 2nd centuries AD, who interpreted the doctrines of Plato without constituting a specific school. Due to this new vision of Middle Platonism, Apuleius' role was difficult to define. It is not uncommon to find that Apuleius the philosopher is completely neglected. The literary character, and especially the 'rhetorical' nature of some of his works and of his personality have probably hurt his reputation in philosophy. These aspects of his personality have however been ever more accentuated in the last few decades within the development of studies on Second Sophistics. Consequently not only have there been few scholars to show interest for Apuleius' philosophical doctrines, but those few who have the opportunity to almost manage his philosophical doctrines usually disregard his literary works. In this way one cannot understand the most specific aspect of his philosophy, which consists in a sort of intermingling of philosophy and literature (a typical attitude of Greek and Latin culture of the 2nd century AD), and above all, of religion and Platonism. The dichotomy between philosophy and literature that was normal in the 19th and 20th centuries therefore still persists in the case of Apuleius. Claudio Moreschini attempted in some way to fill this gap in his 1978 study on Apuleio e il Platonismo. It was obviously in vain. Accordingly, in this book he would like to reflect on the possibility of a synthesis between these two aspects.
