http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28184 timing
timing
Experience from dating in archaeology
Sicily before the Greeks
Intrinsic timing and quantity in Finnish
Central and southern Italy before Rome
Early Biblical Hebrew, late Biblical Hebrew, and linguistic variability : a sociolinguistic evaluation of the linguistic dating of Biblical texts
Effect of timeliness and conservatism on accounting income
Modeling concurrent engineering to improve product development performance : a system dynamic approach
Discrepancies in olympiad dating and chronological problems of archaic Peloponnesian history
A survey of archaeological samples dated in 1984
The Eskimo archaeology of Julianehaab district : with a brief summary of the prehistory of the Greenlanders
Spectrophotometric dating of stars and galaxies : proceedings of a workshop held in Annapolis, Maryland, USA, 25-29 April, 1999
Architecture and ornament : a visual guide
Integrated CMOS circuits for laser radar transceivers
Dendrochronology in Finland
International radiocarbon conference 8, Wellington, New Zealand, october 18-25, 1972 : proceedings
A test of time. Vol. 1, The Bible - from myth to history
Timing for animation
A radiocarbon-dated rock painting in Finland?
Sounding funny : sound and comedy cinema
Japan before Buddhism
6th Symposium on the timing of field production of vegetables, Wageningen, the Netherlands, August 21-25, 1989 : [editors] R. Booji, P. H. M. Dekker
High resolution 14C dating of surface peat using the AMS technique
Timing of fungicide control of Gremmeniella abietina on Scots pine seedlings
The archaeology of Skedemosse. 2, The votive deposits in the Skedemosse Fen and their relation to the Iron-Age settlement on Öland, Sweden
Sins of a historian : perspectives on the problem of anachronism
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
Time and effect of forest fertilization
Monumental art of northern Sweden from the stone age : Nämforsen and other localities
Handbooks for archaeologists : a publication of the Sub-committee for Archaeology of the Standing Committee for the Humanities. 1, Thermoluminescence dating
Problems and case studies in archaeological dating
South West England
In 2010 IRPA-KIK organized the Tree Rings, Art, Archaeology conference. The various articles gathered in the proceedings reflect the practices of fifteen European countries. The first objective of the conference was to review the notable advances over the last ten years. The second aim, focused more on the future, was to bring together dendrochronologists and other players in the field - historians, archaeologists and art historians - to discuss the 'Good use of dendrochronology'. The articles successively explore the different facets of the dendrochronological prism.
Excavations at Helgö. 11, The Holocene development of landscape and environment in the south-east Mälaren valley, with special reference to Helgö
Ancient North Americans
Clay tobacco pipes
Archaeological sites in their setting
Proceedings of the Ninth International Symposium on Timing of Field Production in Vegetable Crops : Piracicaba, Sáo Paulo, Brazil, 20-24 May 2001
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Sweden : fasc. 1, Lund : fasc. 1, Museum of Classical Antiquities, Lund
Timing correction algorithm
The early Roman cities of Lusitania
The TRB West Group : Studies in the chronology and geography of the makers of Hunebeds and Tiefstich pottery
Bones, rocks and stars : the science of when things happened
Dating undated medieval charters
Geomaterials in cultural heritage
Metallurgičeskie provincii i radiouglerodnaâ hronologiâ = Metallurgical Provinces and Radiocarbon Chronology
Archaeology, dendrochronology and the radiocarbon calibration curve
Coin datings in Finnish archaeology
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
Efficacy of fungicide tebuconazole in barley varieties with different resistance level
Transition from the Neolithic to the Bronze Age : dating the beginning of the Bronze Age and the Early Metal Period in Finland
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
Radiocarbon dating of iron : a Northern contribution
Ships and commodities
Retrospective methods in dating post-medieval rigmarole-verses from the North Atlantic
Is timing everything? : an exploration of timing in intercultural communication studies and its role in training at the Finnish Defence Forces International Centre
Archaeological shore displacement chronology in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Single photon detection based devices and techniques for pulsed time-of-flight applications
Prehistoric chronology and radiocarbon dating in India
Radiogenic isotope systematics of clastic sedimentary rocks : with emphasis on detrital zircon geochronology
Landscapes and life : studies in honour of Urve Miller
Eketorp : fortification and settlement on Öland/Sweden. 1, The monument
Symposium on Timing of Field Production of Vegetables : Nyborg, Denmark, 27-31 July 1981
Time-scales and dating
Lateglacial and postglacial pioneers in Northern Europe
The role of tactical marketing decisions on new product performance : the moderating effect of entry timing
Simulation environment for the C14-experiment
Determination of recent apparent carbon accumulation in peat using dated fire horizons
Timing of scintallation counters
Neolithic pots and ceramics chronology : AMS-datings of Middle and Late Neolithic ceramics in Finland
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland/Sweden. 2, [Analysis]
Vallhagar : a migration period settlement on Gotland/Sweden. 1, [Excavation reports]
Dating in archaeology : a guide to scientific techniques
Application of ant colony optimization for the risk management of wind damage in forest planning
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Sync your relationship, save your marriage : four steps to getting back on track
The chronology of the Early Iron Age of the middle Volga region
Dating in the Bronze Age : with special reference to Scandinavia
Summary.
7th International Symposium on Timing Field Production of Vegetables : Skierniewice, Poland, August 23-27, 1993
Viking swords : swords and social aspects of weaponry in Viking Age societies
Proceedings of the 5th International symposium on radiocarbon and archaeology
Tervakangas : results of pollen analysis
Return sign forecasting through volatility dynamics : Forecasting ability and economic value
Neolithic and Copper Age between the Carpathians and the Aegean Sea : chronologies and technologies from the 6th to the 4th Millennium BCE : international workshop Budapest 2012
Contributions to the archaeology of Disko Bay
The Libyan period in Egypt : historical and cultural studies into the 21st-24th dynasties : proceedings of a conference at Leiden University, 25-27 october 2007
This thesis was part of a development program coordinated by the Finnish Defense Forces. This program includes several development projects for military communication systems.    The purpose of this thesis was to examine precise oscillators for ensuring the synchronization of communication systems. General oscillator techniques and theory were studied. This thesis deals with the oscillator technologies and the implementation of precise oscillator prototype.    The main design targets of the oscillator unit were high accuracy, compatibility with a tactical router, small size and usability. The oscillator unit can be used with a tactical router or as a stand-alone precise clock source. The prototype of an oscillator unit was planned, developed and tested in this project.    The oscillator unit includes a GPS synchronized precise atomic clock, a microcontroller, control logic and interface circuits. The oscillator unit has also interfaces for oscillator control and testing.    The chip scale atomic clock is a precise timing source. GPS system is the main timing source of the router. The oscillator acts as a secondary timing source of the tactical router. Further development ideas were presented in order to increase the performance of the oscillator unit. Key words: tactical router, oscillator, synchronization, timing.
Progress in scientific dating methods
Dolphins and mortar dating : Santa Costanza reconsidered / Åsa Ringbom
The archaeology of Skedemosse. 1, The excavations and the finds of an Öland fen, Sweden
Excavations at Helgö. 7, Glass - iron - clay
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
Proceedings of the 19th International radiocarbon conference 3-7 April, 2006
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
Gathering time : dating the early Neolithic enclosures of southern Britain and Ireland
Dating family photos 1850-1920
Archaeological surveying and mapping : recording and depicting the landscape
Archaeological and palaeoecological studies in Medelpad, N. Sweden
Modeling socioeconomic evolution and continuity in Ancient Egypt : the value and limitations of zooarchaeological analyses
Mammalian Osteo-Archaeology : North America
Film rhythm after sound : technology, music, and performance
Reproductive phenology in a Norway spruce seed orchard
The Low Countries
A chronology of middle Missouri Plains village sites
Bobbin & Needle Laces : Identification & Care
Textiles in situ : their find spots in Egypt and neighbouring countries in the first millenium CE
The pace of change : studies in early-medieval chronology
An automatic counter for age determination by the C14 method
Hunting strategies in Central Europe during the Last Glacial Maximum
Radiocarbon dates. 4
Effect of data acquisition accuracy on timing of stand harvests and expected net present value
Scientific analysis of archaeological ceramics : a handbook of resources
Challenging the early holocene isolation dating of the Saimaa and Ladoga ringed seals
On the seasoning and decay of aspen pulpwood prepared in summertime.
Experiments on the taphonomy of tephtra in peat
Dating methods in archaeology
Creating your perfect family size : how to make an informed decision about having a baby
The Norse Atlantic saga : being the Norse voyages of discovery and settlement to Iceland, Greenland, America
Time and environment : a Pact seminar September 25-28. 1990, Helsinki, Finland
The Mesolithic stone age of eastern middle Sweden
Absolutno datiranje bronaste in źelezne dobe na Slovenskem = Absolute dating of the Bronze and Iron Ages in Slovenia
Humans, Environment and Chronology of the Late Glacial of the North European Plain : Proceedings of Workshop 14 (Commission XXXII) of the 15th U.I.S.P.P. Congress, Lisbon, September 2006 (2009)
Anglo-Saxon graves and grave goods of the 6th and 7th centuries AD : a chronological framework
Unearthing the past : the great discoveries of archeology from around the world
Causes and consequences of quantitative trait variation for reproductive performance in hole nesting birds
Danish inhumation graves of the viking age
Scotland, archaeology and early history
On the original plan of Nousiainen church
The effect of sowing date on the initial development of paperpot seedlings in plastic greenhouse = Kylvöajankohdan vaikutus kennotaimien alkukehitykseen muovihuoneessa
Symposium on the timing of field production of vegetables
Bronze age oak-coffin graves : archaeology & dendro-dating
Dating late XIXth dynasty ostraca
Chronology without types and cultures? : interpreting the prehistory of Kainuu on the basis of radiocarbon dates
Studies relating to shore displacement and Stone Age chronology in Finland
The archaeology of Skedemosse. 1, The excavations and the finds of an Öland Fen, Sweden
When : the art of perfect timing
Handbook of archaeological sciences
Rhythm and timing of movement in performance : drama, dance and ceremony
Archaeometry in South Eastern Europe : second Conference in Delphi, 19th-21st April 1991
Quantitative Thermochronology presents a range of numerical modeling techniques to allow the physical implications of isotopic age data to be explored. Various solutions to the heat transfer equation are illustrated by case studies across diverse tectonic settings and boundary conditions. Additional materials, including short tutorials, are available through the internet.
Tree rings, art, archaeology : proceedings of the conference
Using a precise clock oscillator for ensuring timing of telecommunication network
Glaciations and climate in the Cenozoic Arctic : evidence from microtextures of ice-rafted quartz grains
Adaptation to northern conditions at flowering time genes in Arabidopsis lyrata and Arabidopsis thaliana
Quantitative thermochronology : numerical methods for the interpretation of thermochronological data
Year of festivals : how to have the time of your life
Radiocarbon date list. 8, Eastern Canadian Arctic, Labrador, Northern Quebec, East Greenland Shelf, Iceland Shelf, and Antarctica
The Easter controversy of late antiquity and the early middle ages : proceedings of the 2nd international conference on the science of Computus, Galway, 18-20 July, 2008
Information through Sherds : a case study of the early glazed earthenware from Dalby, Scania
Integrated receiver channel and timing discrimination circuits for a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder
The early Irish law text Senchas Már and the question of its date
Histories of the dead : building chronologies for five southern British long barrows
