http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2818 cattle herders
cattle herders
The mammoth book of the West : the making of the American West
Cowboy : The enduring myth of the wild west
The Swedes in Australia. Volume 1-. Colonial Australia, 1788-1900
He was some kind of a man : masculinities in the B western
Songs of the Cowboy
Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch
World of the Wild West
Lonesome dove : the outlaw years. Part II : Episodes 12-22
Can anybody hear me?
Johnson county wars
All the pretty horses
"Streetwise George and his big, childlike friend Lennie are drifters, searching for work in the fields and valleys of California. They have nothing except the clothes on their back, and a hope that one day they'll find a place of their own and live the American dream. But dreams come at a price. Gentle giant Lennie doesn't know his own strength, and when they find work at a ranch he gets into trouble with the boss's daughter-in-law. Trouble so bad that even his protector George may not be able to save him ... " -- (Back Cover)
Cowboy playground : Putumayo Kids presents
I want to be a cowgirl
Lonesome dove : the outlaw years. Part I, episodes 1-11
The incorruptibles
The folk songs of North America : in the English language
Lonesome dove : the outlaw years. Part II, episodes 12-22
Death valley
The Ballad of the Daltons
The old west
COWBOYS
America in the 19th century: You are a rancher and repeatedly herd your cattle from Texas to Kansas City, from where you send them off by train. You must keep your herd in good shape and use the buildings along the trail wisely. You can also hire capable staff such as cowboys, craftsmen and engineers. If you manage your herd cleverly and navigate the opportunities and pitfalls of this great western trail, you surely will emerge the winner.
Bus stop
In the Old West, towns grow like mushrooms. And the birth of a new city inevitably draws in desperados of all kinds. When Lucky Luke spends the night in brand new Daisy Town, he's forced to do a little cleaning up, and his skills rather impress the local population. So much so that they offer him the job of sheriff. The city is soon crime-free - until the Dalton brothers ride into town...
Cowboys & aliens
The western art of James Bama
The horse whisperer
How the west was worn
The judge
Cowboy boots
THE COWBOY AT WORK
Running wild
The big mountain adventure
Lasso the moon
Somebody to love : a Cupid, Texas novel
Cowboys & aliens : extended director's cut
Painted horses
The classic western rider
The cowboy boot
All out of love : a Cupid, Texas novel
Footprint reading library. The gauchos of Argentina
The first cowboy and those who followed
Louis L'Amour. Law of the desert born : a graphic novel
Ghost town at sundown
Cowboy
Abstract: Cowboy masculinities in human-animal relations on a cattle ranch.
Cities of the plain
Lonesome dove : the series. Part II, episodes 11-21
The cowboy : representations of labor in an American work culture
Lonesome Dove : the outlaw years. Part I.
The crossing
Cowboy bits and spurs with values
The horse illustrated guide to western riding
Of mice and men
Buckaroo : visions and voices of the American Cowboy
Cowboy culture : the last frontier of American antiques
The cowboys
The Daltons' amnesia
The cowboy encyclopedia
Love at first sight : a Cupid, Texas novel
The American West
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future: history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
Dragon frontier
The Brokeback book : from story to cultural phenomenon
American cowboy
Bonanza : veljekset Cartwright. Box 1, Official first season
Cowboy ties
Daisy town
Western riding : tips for beginners
Great western trail
Cowboy : the illustrated history
The last cowboy in Texas
Frederick Remington
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
Lonesome dove : the series. Part I, episodes 1-10
The peacemakers : arms and adventure in the American West
