http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28116 bone resorption
bone resorption
Markers of bone turnover in preclinical development of drugs for skeletal diseases
Outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment
MicroRNAs as novel regulators of skeletal homeostasis
The retention of a complete denture and the patient’s adaptation varies considerably among different individuals. Resorption of the edentulous alveolar ridge differs greatly and some patients need implant-retained overdentures to enable adequate retention of their prostheses. In some extreme cases it is necessary to increase the volume of the alveolar ridge with bone grafts. The aim of this study was to examine the outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment conducted in Oulu University Hospital. The aim was also to assess the impact of treatment on oral health-related quality of life and patient satisfaction.The study group was comprised of patients treated with a mandibular or maxillary implant overdenture and a group of patients with extreme mandibular bone resorption treated with extraoral bone grafts and implants. The treatments were performed in 1985–2013 thus also providing long-term results.The results of this study showed predictable and successful treatment outcomes also among elderly patients and in severe situations with bone deficiency. The most frequent complication in the clinical follow-up was loosening of the retention mechanism, commonly noted in other previous studies. Despite some minor mechanical defects in prosthetic structures or mild mucosal inflammation around the implants, they did not hinder everyday use of the prostheses. Neither the number of supporting implants nor the connection type seemed to have a great impact on patient satisfaction. Older patients with a mandibular overdenture seemed to be most satisfied. In conclusion, treatment with implant overdentures seems to be successful also in the long-term.
Abstract.
Bone health, osteoporosis and fracture risk in neurofibromatosis 1 : an emphasis on osteoclasts
Anti-tumoral immune response and bisphosphonates
Bone health, body composition and adipokines in juvenile idiopathic arthritis
Vesicular trafficking in osteoclasts
Physical activity and muscle strength as predictors of bone loss and fractures in perimenopausal women
Development of 3D super-resolution tomographic STED microscopy and its application to studies on bone resorption
The effect of systemically and locally administered clodronate on bone quality
Acid-base balance and oxidative metabolism in calcified tissues
Osteogenetic growth factors around loosened hip replacements
Dissecting the molecular mechanisms of breast cancer bone metastasis for therapeutic targering
The effects of bisphosphonates and COX-2 inhibitors on the bone remodelling unit
