http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28119 patient information systems
patient information systems
Interreg PACS : final report : project 02/10/64, fimos 106404 : Southern Finland Coastal Zone Interreg IIIA Joint Programme
E-health and e-welfare of Finland : Check point 2015
This thesis studies national requirements for hospital information systems in the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis has been carried out done during the years of 2013-2015 and the customer company is Nexamed Ltd. Nexamed is the vendor of the hospital information system called OneClinic. The main customer sector of OneClinic is the Finnish private healthcare. The target of this thesis is to find the differences between the requirements of the Finnish private healthcare and the existing OneClinic functionalities. Because OneClinic is based on a Danish hospital information system called MyClinic, also the Danish private healthcare requirements for the hospital information system are described in some of the thesis topics. This thesis describes the requirements at the general level. Especially the thesis focuses on the authority requirements. The thesis presents high level requirements for electronic medical record systems set by the national patient data repository (i.e. eArchive) and national prescription centre (i.e. ePrescription service). In addition the requirements set by the Kela direct imbursement and new requirements for the OneClinic financial management functionalities set by the Finnish private healthcare are presented in this thesis. Background information for this thesis is collected from the specifications of the authority requirements, laws and discussions with representatives of the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis concludes that the patient treatment processes in Finland and Denmark are similar at the general level but there are a great deal of differences in details. The eArchive service and the ePrescription service in Finland are setting high requirements to the OneClinic information system. Also, financial management processes in the Finnish private healthcare contain new requirements for the OneClinic information system. Especially requirements set by the Kela exists only in Finland.
eHealth and eWelfare of Finland : checkpoint 2011
e-Patients live longer : the complete guide to managing health care using technology
National requirements for hospital information systems in private healthcare
E-health and e-welfare of Finland : check point 2015
In search of information systems value : a case study of the EHR benefits realisation efforts of three Swedish hospitals
eHealth of Finland : check point 2006
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system peformance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
Datenherrschaft : an ethically justified solution to the problem of ownership of patient information
Design of the SGML-based electronic patient record system with the use of object-oriented analysis methods
SOTE reporting: meeting the end-users : user base understanding and front-end optimisation's recommendations
Successful collaboration in healthcare : a guide for physicians, nurses and clinical documentation specialists
Handbook of research on distributed medical informatics and e-health
Biomedical informatics : computer applications in health care and biomedicine
Designing patient registry software for Kenyan healthcare
Use of registry data in the analysis of medical practices : cesarean birth in the Finnish Medical Birth Registry
Consumer-centered computer-supported care for healthy people : proceedings of NI2006
Information technology and it's relationship with quality of care
Abstract.
E-health care information systems : an introduction for students and professionals
An evaluation of survival of cancer patients based on registry data from low or medium resource countries
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
eHealth roadmap - Finland
Summary.
"This book provides a compendium of terms, definitions and explanations of concepts, processes and acronyms related to different areas, issues and trends in Distributed Medical Informatics, E-Health and M-Health"--Provided by publisher.
Health information management : integrating information technology in health care work
The outcomes of regional health information exchange in health care delivery
Personalized patient education and the internet : linking health information to the electronic patient record : STEPPS in burn care
The internet and health care : theory, research, and practice
An object-oriented method to create an SGML DTD of an electronic patient record
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system performance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
Abstract: The experiences of the staff about the usability of the follow-up system (RAI) in the institutional long-term care for the elderly.
Healthcare informatics : improving efficiency and productivity
Connecting health and humans  : proceedings of NI2009
PACS : a guide to the digital revolution
Healthcare information management systems : cases, strategies, and solutions
