http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28120 theatre museums
theatre museums
Managers of the arts : careers and opinions of senior administrators of U.S. art museums, symphony orchestras, resident theaters, and local art agencies
Take off - Finnish Dance in the Theatre Museum from april 24 to september 14, 1997.
Cultural experience and health : the coherence of health and leisure time activities
Cultural research in Europe 1996
Tennispalatsin peruskorjaus - rauniorestaurointia? = Tennis Palace refurbishment - restoration of a ruin?
Finland's culture in figures 2006
The shock of the real : romanticism and visual culture, 1760-1860
Considering calamity : methods for performance research
Applied theatre : international case studies and challenges for practice
Masks : faces of culture
Finnish architecture with an edge
Russian theatre and costume designs from the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco : the Fine Arts Museums of San Franciscso, January 19-March 9, 1980 / introduction by John E. Bowlt ; catalogue prepared by Nikita D. Lobanov, Nina Lobanov and Aimée Troyen
Kengo Kuma : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2002
Summaries in English. - Résumés en français. - Résumés en français des articles écrits en anglais.
International handbook of research in arts education
Stage by stage : the making of the theatre museum
Daehangno : theater district in Seoul
Museum theatre : communicating with visitors through drama
A stage for experimental theatre / Marja Silde
A history of building types
Suomenlinna conservation and reuse
Finland's culture in figures
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
Catalogue of paintings at the Theatre Museum, London
Introducing: culture identities : design for museums, theaters and cultural institutions
Kunisada : puupiirtäjä Kabuki-teatterissa : Antellin kokoelmien japanilaiset puupiirrokset = En träsnittskonstnär på Kabuki-teatern : de japanska träsnitten i Antellska samlingen = An artist in the Kabuki theatre : the Japanese prints in the Antell collection
American puppetry : collections, history, and performance
The Theatre Museum in the Court Theatre : an introduction
Performing heritage : research, practice and innovation in museum theatre and live interpretation
When business meets culture : ideas and experiences for mutual profit
A textbook of cultural economics
Kulttuuritilasto = Cultural statistics. 1999.
Buildings for the arts
Alienation in the white cube : an educational perspective on curating
Wojownicy, piękności i demony : chiński teatr lalek = Warriors, beauties and demons : chinese puppet theatre
