http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28227 human-animal relationship
human-animal relationship
How forests think : toward an anthropology beyond the human
"Explores how thinking about pets in eighteenth-century Britain reflected and influenced the great social and cultural debates of the day, including struggles over gender, race, class, and national identity"--Provided by publisher.
Interspecies ethics
Myth and meaning : San-Bushman folklore in global context
The Year of the Hare
Amelia is exploring the huge, old house where her family are spending Christmas when she finds a diary hidden in the attic. It was written by a boy struggling to look after an abandoned wolf pup. Before she knows it, Amelia is transported into the wintry world of the diary.
The educational significance of human and non-human animal interactions : blurring the species line
Anthropology and alterity : responding to the other
The meaning of horses : biosocial encounters
It's Sarah's birthday and she's looking forward to having a nice, quiet day! But when all her friends arrive, perhaps the day won't be as quiet as she had hoped? Join Sarah and Duck on another fun and quacky adventure!
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
The penguin lessons
Japanese animal-wife tales : narrating gender reality in Japanese folktale tradition
Affective Animals : an international symposium, University of Eastern Finland, 14-15 November, 2013. : book of abstracts
Early modern zoology : the construction of animals in science, literature and the visual arts
The politics of species : reshaping our relationships with other animals
This volume offers both an insight into the current state of research on domestic animals in leisure and a lens through which to begin to chart the future of research in this field. Ongoing debates about human-animal relationships and the rights and welfare of the latter underpin the contributions, with analysis of a range of different animals.
The ice bear
From sixteenth-century cabinets of wonders to contemporary animal art, The Breathless Zoo: Taxidermy and the Cultures of Longing examines the cultural and poetic history of preserving animals in lively postures. But why would anyone want to preserve an animal, and what is this animal-thing now? Rachel Poliquin suggests that taxidermy is entwined with the enduring human longing to find meaning with and within the natural world. Her study draws out the longings at the heart of taxidermy—the longing for wonder, beauty, spectacle, order, narrative, allegory, and remembrance. In so doing, The Breathless Zoo explores the animal spectacles desired by particular communities, human assumptions of superiority, the yearnings for hidden truths within animal form, and the loneliness and longing that haunt our strange human existence, being both within and apart from nature.
Do unto animals : a friendly guide to how animals live, and how we can make their lives better
Among the bone eaters : encounters with hyenas in Harar
Domestic animals and leisure
Dogs in the leisure experience
What animals teach us about politics
Free days with George : life's little lessons learned from one very big dog
The professional therapy dog : a care dog on prescription
Dwellings : a spiritual history of the living world
Peggy and me
"Every day, millions of people around the world sit down to a meal that includes meat. This book explores several questions as it examines the use of animals as food: How did the domestication and production of livestock animals emerge and why? How did current modes of raising and slaughtering animals for human consumption develop, and what are their consequences? What can be done to mitigate and even reverse the impacts of animal production? With insight into the historical, cultural, political, legal, and economic processes that shape our use of animals as food, Fitzgerald provides a holistic picture and explicates the connections in the supply chain that are obscured in the current mode of food production. Bridging the distance in animal agriculture between production, processing, consumption, and their associated impacts, this analysis envisions ways of redressing the negative effects of the use of animals as food. It details how consumption levels and practices have changed as the relationship between production, processing, and consumption has shifted. Due to the wide-ranging questions addressed in this book, the author draws on many fields of inquiry, including sociology, (critical) animal studies, history, economics, law, political science, anthropology, criminology, environmental science, geography, philosophy, and animal science."--Publisher's website.
Sarah & Duck have a quiet birthday
A wolf called Romeo
How the dog became the dog : from wolves to our best friends
Dog medicine : how my dog saved me from myself
Half brother
Lionboy
John & George : the dog who changed my life
"A collection of essays examining the place of animals in history and culture and their influence on life and art, from the Renaissance to the present"--Provided by publisher.
"Since humans first emerged as a distinct species, they have been locked into relationships with other animals. Humans ate, fought, prayed, and moved with animals. In this original and conceptually rich book, historian Alan Mikhail puts the history of human-animal relations at the center of the transformations of the Ottoman Empire from the sixteenth to the nineteenth centuries. He uses the history of the empire's most important province, Egypt, to explain how human interactions with livestock, dogs, and charismatic megafauna changed more in a few centuries than they had for millennia. The human world became one in which animals' social and economic functions were diminished. Without animals, humans had to remake the societies they had built around the intimate and cooperative interactions between species. The political and even evolutionary consequences of this separation of people and animals were wrenching and often violent. In tracing these interspecies histories, this book offers a bold program for Ottoman historians--highlighting a new capacious periodization of the empire's history, integrating environmental history and other methodologies, and opening up archives in close to a dozen countries. The wide-ranging and creative analyses on offer also push far beyond Ottoman history to engage issues in animal studies, economic history, early modern history, and environmental history. Carefully crafted and compellingly argued, The Animal in Ottoman Egypt tells the story of the high price humans and animals paid as they entered the modern world"--
The animal in Ottoman Egypt
The elephant's journey
Traps and specters
Ask someone who works with horses how best to communicate with a balky colt and she will tell you that horses do not respond to human cajoling. To be successful the human must understand and work with, not against, the horse's instincts, needs, and fears. When a trainer resorts to human teaching methods - reasoning, begging, bribing, even hugging and kissing - the horse will become confused and unable to respond appropriately. But if horses are treated respectfully with methods they understand, everyone involved - animal and human - will be happier, safer, and more productive. Horse trainer and instructor Cherry Hill believes that every human/horse relationship benefits from a greater human understanding of what motivates horses, how they experience the world, what makes them happy, and what worries them. Journey through the equine mind with Hill as she explores all that makes a horse tick. How do his basic needs dictate his behavior and mood? What touches and tastes appeal to his senses? How does his [beta]flight or fight[gamma] instinct dictate his response to sudden movements? Hill offers interactive experiments - fun for both horse and human - that bear out her findings on horse behavior. And her final chapter presents simple training methods that draw from the insights and information presented throughout the book.
Darling companion
Friend for life : the extraordinary partnership between humans and dogs
The invisible bunny
The animal question in deconstruction
Describes the early cooperative relationships between Ice Age humans and dogs as well as human society's later efforts to domesticate and control dog species through reproduction, revealing how dogs and humans impacted each other's evolution.
Family friendly dog training : [a six-week program for you and your dog]
To see them run : Great Plains coyote coursing
Trace : Finnish journal for human-animal studies
"The assumption that humans are cognitively and morally superior to other animals is fundamental to social democracies and legal systems worldwide. It legitimises treating members of other animal species as inferior to humans. The last few decades have seen a growing awareness of this issue, as evidence continues to show that individuals of many other species have rich mental, emotional and social lives. Bringing together leading experts from a range of disciplines, this volume identifies the key barriers to a definition of moral respect that includes nonhuman animals. It sets out to increase concern, empathy and inclusiveness by developing strategies that can be used to protect other animals from exploitation in the wild and from suffering in captivity. The chapters link scientific data with normative and philosophical reflections, offering unique insight into controversial issues around the ethical, political and legal status of other species"--
The honest truth
The wall
The accommodated animal : cosmopolity in Shakespearean locales
The call of the wild ; White fang ; The sea-wolf ; 40 short stories
The woman who married a horse
Sedric and the great pig rescue
Penguin bloom : the odd little bird who saved a family
Birds and people
The final farewell : preparing for and mourning the loss of your pet
For the love of a dog : understanding emotion in you and your best friend
Jail break!
Dad made me come to this snowy wilderness. My natural habitat is the shopping mall and the multi-screen cinema. I miss my friends and I'm not good at skiing or chopping wood ... or living without wi-fi. Mum, Dad, and Jem are all thriving here but I'm getting weaker and sicker with each day that passes. Then I find the bear. She's huge and scary, but she makes me feel ...alive ...and connected to this amazing place. The thing is, she needs me just as much as I need her. And I don't know if I'm strong enough. / WorldCat.
Animals as food : (re)connecting production, processing, consumption, and impacts
Fenway and Hattie
Stage, stake, and scaffold : humans and animals in Shakespeare's theatre
Picturing dogs, seeing ourselves : vintage American photographs
The powerful exchanges between stage, stake, and scaffold - the theatre, the bear garden and the spectacle of public execution - crucially informed Shakespeare's explorations into the construction and workings of 'the human'. The theatre's family resemblance to animal baiting and the spectacle of punishment, its sharing of the same basic type of performance space - a theatre-in-the-round, a scaffold, stake or platform surrounded by spectators - bred an ever-ready potential for a transfer of images and meanings. The staging of one of these kinds of performance is always framed by an awareness of the other two, whose presence is never quite erased and often, indeed, emphatically foregrounded. Situating Shakespearean drama within its material environment, Andreas Hofele explores how this spill-over affects the way Shakespeare models his human characters and his understanding of 'human character' in general. His dramatis personae are infused with a degree of animality that a later, more specifically Cartesian, anthropology would categorically efface. Readings based on such an anthropology tend to reduce Shakespeare's teeming multitude of animal references to a stable marker of moral, social, and ontological difference, 'beast' being everything 'man' is not or ought not to be. In contrast, Hofele argues that Shakespearean notions of humanity rely just as much on inclusion as on exclusion of the animal. Humans and animals face each other across the species divide, but the divide proves highly permeable.
Goodbye, pet & see you in heaven : a memoir of animals, love and loss
Efficient livestock handling : the practical application of animal welfare and behavioral science
Urban animals : crowding in zoocities
Nature, culture and gender : re-reading the folktale
Adventure time. The flip side
The age of the horse : an equine journey through human history
Animal Victims in Modern Fiction : from Sanctity to Sacrifice
Aesop's anthropology : a multispecies approach
Divinanimality : animal theory, creaturely theology
Of wolves and men
Inside ethics : on the demands of moral thought
An excitable Jack Russell terrier named Fenway and his Favorite Short Human, Hattie, move to the suburbs and must adjust to the changes that come with their new home. / WorldCat.
The Educational Significance of Human and Non-Human Animal Interactions explores human animal/non-human animal interactions from different disciplinary perspectives, from education policy to philosophy of education and ecopedagogy. The authors refute the idea of anthropocentrism (the belief that human beings are the central or most significant species on the planet) through an ethical investigation into animal and human interactions, and 'real-life' examples of humans and animals living and learning together. In doing so, Rice and Rud outline the idea that interactions between animals and humans are educationally significant and vital in the classroom.
Life of Pi
The winter wolf
Above reproach : a guide for wolf hybrid owners
Mary and the mouse, the mouse and Mary
Shakespeare used the word 'animal' only eight times in his work - which was typical for the sixteenth century, when the word was rarely used. The author reveals that the animal-human divide first came strongly into play in the seventeenth century, with Descartes' formulation that reason sets humans above other species: 'I think, therefore I am'.
Animal companions : pets and social change in eighteenth-century Britain
Creatural fictions : human-animal relationships in twentieth- and twenty-first-century literature
Animal death
Marley & me : life and love with the world's worst dog
The year of the hare
The magic of this novel is in the read, and we do not want to spoil it by giving away too many details. We can tell you that this is a story about that special someone: the one you trust, the one you can’t live without. For Ted Flask, that someone special is his aging companion Lily, who happens to be a dog. Lily and the Octopus reminds us how it feels to love fiercely, how difficult it can be to let go, and how the fight for those we love is the greatest fight of all.
Littlest Pet Shop. 4.
Littlest pet shop : wait a second
Through the ages. 2, Time, space, and eternity
The human-animal bond and grief
Animals as neighbors : the past and present of commensal species
The owl who liked sitting on Caesar
Life of Pi : a novel
The breathless zoo : taxidermy and the cultures of longing
Lily and the octopus
Better care with a caredog : ABC for therapy dogs
Dreams
The radical practice of loving everyone : a four-legged approach to enlightment
"An interdisciplinary study of the relationship between hyenas and the people of Harar, Ethiopia"--Provided by publisher.
Gorgeous beasts : animal bodies in historical perspective
Mush! : Sled dogs with issues
Because of Winn-Dixie
Your dog and you... : understanding the canine psyche
The city includes opportunities as well as constraints for humans and other animals alike. Urban animals are often subjected to complaints; they transgress geographical, legal as and cultural ordering systems, while roaming the city in what is often perceived as uncontrolled ways. But they are also objects of care, conservation practices and bio-political interventions. What then, are the ""more-than-human"" experiences of living in a city? What does it mean to consider spatial formations and urban politics from the perspective of human/animal relations?
"Explores antique photographs of people and their dogs to expand the understanding of visual studies, animal studies, and American culture. Uses the canine body as a lens to investigate the cultural significance of family and childhood portraits, pictures of hunters, and racially charged images"--Provided by publisher.
On cats
The end of animal life: a start for ethical debate : ethical and societal considerations on killing animals
Thinking through animals : identity, difference, indistinction
The red garden
Penguin Bloom : the odd little bird who saved a family
The horse : a biography of our noble companion
How to look after your human : a dog's guide
When man meets dog : ... it leads to a unique friendship; one that can change men's lives : what a difference a dog makes!
A world you do not know : settler societies, indigenous peoples and the attack on cultural diversity
Why do people go to zoos? Is the role of zoos to entertain or to educate? In this provocative book, the authors demonstrate that zoos tell us as much about humans as they do about animals and suggest that while animals may not need zoos, urban societies seem to. A new introduction takes note of dramatic changes in the perceived role of zoos that have occurred since the book's original publication.
Haatchi & Little B : the inspiring true story of one boy and his dog
How to think like a horse : the essential handbook for understanding why horses do what they do
What the dog knows : scent, science, and the amazing ways dogs perceive the world
Attachment to pets : an integrative view of human-animal relationships with implications for therapeutic practice
White fang
My rescue dog rescued me : amazing true stories of adopted canine heroes
Beastly possessions : animals in Victorian consumer culture
The Great Grisby : two thousand years of exceptional dogs
After Colin Campbell went on a short business trip abroad, he returned home to discover his wife of many years had moved out. No explanations. No second chances. She was gone and wasn't coming back. Shocked and heartbroken, Colin fell into a spiral of depression and loneliness. Soon after, a friend told Colin about a dog in need of rescue -- a neglected 140-pound Newfoundland Landseer, a breed renowned for its friendly nature and remarkable swimming abilities. Colin adopted the traumatised dog, brought him home and named him George. Both man and dog were heartbroken and lacking trust, but together they learned how to share a space, how to socialise, and most of all, how to overcome their bad experiences. At the same time, Colin relived childhood memories of his beloved grandfather, a decorated war hero and a man who gave him hope when he needed it most.
Dreaming the bear
It is not I who seek the horse, the horse seeks me : a book
House guests house pests : a natural history of animals in the home
