http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2823 common market
common market
Kirja-arvostelu : Japan and the Pacific ... /  Korhonen, Pekka
Processed foodstuffs
Catalogue of Community legal acts and other texts relating to the 'Elimination of technical barriers to trade' [and] 'Nomenclature for iron and steel products (EURONORM)'
Doing business in China
White paper on commerce : document drawn up on the basis of COM(99) 6 final, adopted by the European Commission on 27 January 1999
Regional growth and convergence
Results of the business survey
1992 : the single European market
Industrial property rights
Should the law of one price be pushed away? : evidence from international commodity markets
Fair competition in the internal market : Community State aid policy ; The ecu and its role in the process towards monetary union
ASEAN co-operation and intra-ASEAN trade
The single European market : centralization or competition among national rules?
European economy. 55, Broad economic policy guidelines and convergence report
Regulatory reform and competitiveness in Europe. 2, Vertical   issues
Seeking solutions in a global marketplace : an exploratory investigation of problem-solving in international joint ventures
Trade creation and trade diversion
Europe in the year 2000.
Taxation in the single market
The geographical dimension of competition in the European Single Market
The industries of the future
The European common market and the world
The evolution of the single European market
It's a better life : how the EU's single market benefits you
Unions and market integration in contests
The definitive VAT regime, macroeconomic channels and consequences
European economic integration : effects of "1992" on the manufacturing industries of the EFTA Countries
The selling of "free trade" : NAFTA, Wahington, and the subversion of American democracy
The sociological study of economic activity has witnessed a significant resurgence. Recent texts have chronicled economic sociology's nineteenth-century origins while pointing to the importance of context and power in economic life, yet the field lacks a clear understanding of the role that concepts at different levels of abstraction play in its organization. "Economic Sociology" fills this critical gap by surveying the current state of the field while advancing a framework for further theoretical development. Alejandro Portes examines economic sociology's principal assumptions, key explanatory concepts, and selected research sites. He argues that economic activity is embedded in social and cultural relations, but also that power and the unintended consequences of rational purposive action must be factored in when seeking to explain or predict economic behavior. Drawing upon a wealth of examples, Portes identifies three strategic sites of research - the informal economy, ethnic enclaves, and transnational communities - and he eschews grand narratives in favor of mid-range theories that help us understand specific kinds of social action. The book shows how the meta-assumptions of economic sociology can be transformed, under certain conditions, into testable propositions, and puts forward a theoretical agenda aimed at moving the field out of its present impasse.
Fair competition in the internal market : Community state aid policy. The ecu and its role in the process towards monetary union
Food, drink and tobacco processing machinery
Air transport
Trade, labour and capital flows : the less developed regions
International business : the new realities
Completing the internal market : an area without internal frontiers : the progress report required by article 8B of the treaty
Politics, subsidies and competition : the new politics of state intervention in the European Union
The economic integration in Central America - doomed to fail?
Pharmaceutical products
Regulatory reform and competitiveness in Europe. 1, Horizontal issues
Main economic policy areas of the ECC, towards 1992 : the challenge to the Community's economic policies when the "real" Common Market is created by the end of 1992
National implementing measures to give effect to the White Paper of the Commission on the completion of the internal market : situation at 31 October 1993
National implementing measures to give effect to the white paper of the Commission on the completion of the internal market
Summary (s. 1-8).
The globalization of markets : capital flows, exchange rates and trade regimes
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
EU single market : the evolution of the European single market
Energy policy in the European Union
Employment, trade and labour costs in manufacturing
Credit institutions and banking
Guide to the European Union
A Latin American common market?
The EU and emerging markets
The impact of the internal market on pay and collective bargaining
The European Economic Community : conservative or progressive?
1992 : strategies for the single market
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
A Common man's guide to the Common Market : the European Community
Consumer policy in the single market
Europe without frontiers : completing the internal market
The impact of the completion of the internal market on women in the European Community : working paper prepared for the Equal Opportunities Unit of Directorate-General V of the European Commission
Single market news : the newsletter of DG XV - Internal Market and Financial Services
Corporate and industry strategies for Europe : adaptations to the European single market in a global industrial environment
Internal market and industrial cooperation
Consumer disputes : labyrinthian thread
Abstract: EU single market : the evolution of the European single market. The purpose of this study paper was to define what is the EU Single Market in theory, how it began and to compare it with the current reality. Problems achieving political objectives in the 1990s. Also, what it has turned into today i.e. the EU's enlargements 2004 and 2007 to 27. Demographics and what kind of economic convergence takes place in new member states. The methodology used in this study was qualitative. They consisted of both source books and newspaper articles, and the internet news agencies e.g. Financial Times, Telegraph, and web sources of the European Commission. The results revealed that the Union has many issues and failures. It is also clear that stability is difficult to maintain as many factors influence the situation of the Union e.g. different economies of the member states in the South and North, convergence issues. GDP is not a perfect measurement to see what is going on because even if the GDP is high it may not mean that a state is wealthy. The conclusion of the study was that the EU is a political union. Its enlargement is hard to understand as the criteria used to assess eligibility of a state are very subjective. The contemporary issues with such member states as Latvia, Greece, Ireland, Spain and Estonia joining Euro currency as an example of success while other states struggle make the EU look very political union rather than economic one.
Access to Europe : hand-book on european construction
Annual activity report
ASEAN and the EC : the impact of 1992
Chemicals
Process evaluation of business subsidies in Finland : a quantitative approach
Competition issues
Enforcing your rights in the single European market
Customs and fiscal formalities at frontiers
The Single Market programme as a stimulus to change : comparisons between Britain and Germany
The Community internal market : 1993 report
1993 and beyond : new strategies for the enlarged single market
Building EFTA : a free trade area in Europe
Single information market
Law of one price and international commodity markets : evidence from the tests in which the cointegrating vector is prespecified
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Economic sociology : a systematic inquiry
Road freight transport
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Completing the internal market : current status 1 January 1992. 1992:4, A new Community standards policy : the new approach in harmonization : motor vehicles. tractors and agricultural machinery : foodstuffs : pharmaceutical products : chemical products : construction : other areas
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
The European common market and community
EEC - EFTA - NORDEK : valikoima pohjoismaista yhteismarkkinakirjallisuutta = a selected list of common market literature in the Nordic countries
Community social policy : current status 1 January 1996
The internal market : 10 years without frontiers : 01.01.1993 - 01.01.2003
Telecommunications : liberalized services
The liberalisation of public procurement and its effects on the common market
Summary (s. 1-10).
Banking in Europe : The single market
The effects of the single market on the pattern of Japanese investment
Online panel research : a data quality perspective
Single European Market : prospects for economic integration
The euro : evolution and prospects
The single market and tomorrow's Europe : a progress report from the European Commission
European economy. Reports and studies. 1999, 3, State aid and the single market
Internet banking and the law in Europe : regulation, financial integration and  electronic commerce
Foreign direct investment
Critical perspectives on regulation of international financial markets : assessing the possibilities for transatlantic regulatory cooperation
Report on competition policy
Impacts of the European Community on German forestry and forest policy
Analysis of the Vietnamese commercial real estate market : Strategic investment implications for Evergreen Properties of Michigan, Inc.
A business guide to the single financial market
The European challenge : industry's response to the 1992 programme
Towards an African common market for agricultural products
Motor vehicles
Distribution
European economy. Reports and studies. 1995, 4, The impact of exchange-rate movements on trade within the single market
Common Market digest : an information guide to the European Communities
The common market today - and tomorrow
The free movement of products in the sphere of electronic commerce
The Eurasian Economic Union : breaking the pattern of post-Soviet integration?
Common markets, economic growth and creative destruction
The European challenge 1992 : the benefits of a single market
European integration : methods and economic analysis
The travels of a t-shirt in the global economy : an economist examines the markets, power, and politics of global trade
Supply chain directions for a new North America
Economic cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region
Social protection for the informal sector and the informally employed in Vietnam : literature and data review
Making the single market deliver : annual governance check-up 2011
The European Union and the euro : how to deal with a currency built on dreams
Air transport and the European Union : Europeanization and its limits
Promoting competition in global markets : a multi-national approach
Rethinking the European Union
Tourism : opinion
The internal market and industrial restructuring in the European Union
Some experiences from regional cooperation between Third World countries : a southern African perspective
EU Single Market  : The evolution of the European Single Market
Europe in search of 'meaning and purpose'
Increasing the profitability of the dealer networkcase : Brunswick Marine in Finland and The Baltic States Oy /
The definition of relevant markets and the application of EC regulation 4064/89 on the control of concentrations between undertakings
Catching up with competitiveness in emerging markets : an analysis of the role of the firm's technology management strategies
Is the single market working?
The European Union : structure & process
Common sense about the common market : Germany and Britain in post-war Europe
The challenge of the common market
English abstract.
Economic integration and R&D
Can regional integration arrangements enforce trade discipline? : the story of EU enlargement
Trade patterns inside the single market
European Community law on state aid
Economies of scale
English abstract: Academic career paths : the early career phases of generalists in the fields of humanities, social science and education in the 1980's and 1990's
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The European Community : the formative years : the struggle to establish the Common Market and the Political Union (1958-66)
The economics of the common market
The Times guide to the single European market : a comprehensive handbook
Global competition and the European Community
Capital market liberalization
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
The single market
The impact and effectiveness of the Single Market : communication from the Commission to the European Parliament and Council : COM(96) 520 final, 30 October 1996
European economy. Reports and studies. 1996, 4, Economic evaluation of the internal market
Financing for development with special reference to ASEAN
State-building in Europe : the revitalization of Western European integration
Studies in PPP-based price determination with special reference to Finland
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
European economic integration : effects of "1992" on the manufacturing industries of the EFTA countries
EuroMarketing : how to market products and services in the European Union : a practical guide for small and medium-sized companies
The petro/chemical complex in the European single market
External access to European markets
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 7, The "Cost of Non-Europe" obstacles to transborder business activity
