http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p282 nursery schools
nursery schools day care centres
Encouraging and showing autonomy, spontaneity and creativity : a functional analysis of child speech in an English immersion kindergarten
Health Promotion in an Ukrainian Preschool Expirienced by Caregivers and Parents
Planning appropriate learning environments for children under three
Executive summary (s. 11-12).
Childminder's guide to child development
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Around the clock : childcare services at atypical times
Day-care centers and diarrhea : a public health perspective
Kindergartens : educational spaces
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
Day care for young children : international perspectives
The childcare bible : the ultimate guide to all forms of childcare
The early years handbook : a comprehensive guide to managing provision in the early years foundation stage
Dimensions of leadership in the childcare context
Using the ECERS-E along with the ECERS-R gives users a more complete picture of what a high quality early childhood education program can look like.
Self-esteem and successful early learning
Management of child development centers
Nerve-wracking or rewarding? : a multidisciplinary approach to investigating work-related well-being, stress regulation and quality of pedagogical work among early childhood professionals
Abstract.
The widower's tale
Day care in context
Can a day care intervention focused on promoting the attachment towards secondary attachment figures improve the secure attachment behavior of 12-24 month old children : the Kangaroo project
Form of day-care and respiratory infections : a public health perspective
Ventilation, indoor air quality, and human health and comfort in dwellings and day-care centers
Childwatching at playgroup and nursery school
Wally's stories
Children's problem behavior : problematic situations and interventions as seen by the educational personnel of day-care centres
Bob and Flo : the missing bucket
Teachers' perception of children's agency in early childhood education
Working with parents in early years settings
The national curriculum and the early years : challenges and opportunities
Understanding child-iniatiated practice : kindergarten teachers' views on carrying out child-initiatedness in day care
Work related challenges and Sherborne developmental movement -educational evening for Vehmaa day care personnel
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
What is it like to be at home : the experiences of five- to seven-year-old Finnish children
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Multiculturalism and religious education in the nursery : a Finnish approach
Children's day-care center in Solf
Feeding the under 5s
Abstract: "Individual attention in everyday situations" : developing the operational culture of a daycare centre to strengthen children's self-esteem.
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Maisy goes to nursery
An introduction to early childhood special education : birth to age five
Human scale in Finnish architecture = Humaner Maßstab in finnischer Architektur = Arquitectura Finlandesa a escala humana
Hugless Douglas goes to little school
Autobiography of Friedrich Froebel
Development of literacy in kindergarten and primary school
Towards higher involvement in toddlers' play
Early childhood teacher or leader? : early childhood directors' perceptions of their identity
Always on the move? : measured physical activity of 3-year-old preschool children
Effective teaching in the early years : fostering children's learning in nurseries and in infant classes
KANGAROO - enhancing the well-being of under three-year-olds through play
Program administration scale : measuring early childhood leadership and management
Routines and transitions : a guide for early childhood professionals
What do the children really think about a day‐care centre – the 5–7‐year‐old Finnish children speak out
Relationships, interaction and learning together in day care centres : case study: Finland
Pedagogical small group approach in a day care center
All about the ECERS-R : a detailed guide in words and pictures to be used with the ECERS-R
Early childhood environment rating scale
You can't say you can't play
Child care and early education : good practice to support young children and their families
Adventures with children : in the early school years
Kindergarten : a year of learning
Hide and seek
Featuring a new spiral binding, the updated ITERS-R offers more practical assistance in the form of additional notes for clarification and an Expanded Score Sheet, which incorporates notes and tables to assist in scoring. However, the items and indicators remain the same as in the original ITERS-R. Designed for use in center-based child care programs for infants and toddlers up to 30 months of age, the ITERS-R can be used by program directors for supervision and program improvement, by teaching staff for self-assessment, by agency staff for monitoring, and in teacher training programs. The established reliability and validity of the scale make it particularly useful for research and program evaluation. Convenient organization in seven subscales: Space and Furnishings; Personal Care Routines; Listening and Talking; Activities; Interaction; Program Structure; Parents and Staff.Each of the 39 items is expressed as a 7-point scale with indicators for 1 (inadequate), 3 (minimal), 5 (good), and 7 (excellent). Notes for clarification and questions are included for selected items.An introductory section gives detailed information about the rationale of the ITERS-R, the process of revision, and the reliability and validity of the scale. Full instructions for administration and scoring, as well as a Score Sheet and Profile that may be photocopied, are included with the scale.
Exploring early years education and care
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Bob and Flo : hide and seek
Advances in early education and day care. Vol. 5, Perspectives on developmentally appropriate practice
Toy story. 3.
Starting school in Westminster : information for parents of children starting primary and nursery school between september 1996 and july 1997.
What does it mean that the child is changing?
Leadership for developing consensus of perspectives on children's learning in early childhood centers
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
Friedrich Froebel (1782-1852) was a German educator who introduced the concept of kindergarten. This book is a collection of fifteen essays, originally published in German in 1861, on the value of different stages of a child's play. Froebel found an educational value in every phase of the child's play, and in every object that engages its attention. Froebel finds all that the child does significant and of educational importance. In fact, he is the great pioneer and founder of child study as well as of the pedagogic theory of intellectual values. This book, originally published in 1908, was translated and annotated by Emilie Michaelis, Head Mistress of the Croydon Kindergarten and Preparatory School, and H. Keatley Moore, Examiner in Music to the Froebel Society, and Vice-Chairman of the Croydon Kindergarten Company.
Kindergarten architecture : space for the imagination
Kindergarten teachers' perceptions regarding the integration of ICT in early childhood education : a case study of the city of Turku
The playgroup
PEB compendium of exemplary educational facilities
Joyful learning in kindergarten
Spaces for young children : a practical guide to planning, designing, and building the perfect space
Teaching kindergarten : learner-centered classrooms for the 21st century
Training preschool teachers in creative art activities : the effects of a prescribed methodology
Foundations in elementary education : music
Making musical apparatus and instruments for use in nursery and infant schools
People under three : young children in day care
How to keep young children safe
A nurturing environment for children up to three
Learning to go to school in Japan : the transition from home to preschool life
Who will go to school today?
Goat goes to playgroup
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
Early Childhood Environment Rating Scale
Essential skills for managers of child-centred settings
Transforming nursery education
One for all and all for one : worker's views on their teamwork skills at the Veturipolku kindergarten
Ready for what? : constructing meanings of readiness for kindergarten
Young children and the environment : early education for sustainability
Resources for early learning : childeren, adults and stuff
What are children doing? : activity profiles in day care centres
The child as an agent of change in kindergarten situations
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
Freddie goes to playgroup
Health promotion in an Ukrainian preschool expirienced by caregivers and parents
Care as everyday staff leadership
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
Under three's - under engaged? : participation in early childhood education
Mollie is three : growing up in school
Important themes in research on and education of young children in day care centres: Finnish viewpoints
Room for talk : teaching and learning in a multilingual kindergarten
"Our heads are the same size!" : a study of quality of the child's life in Nordic day care centres
Dal : experimental user-inspired design project for children : furniture for children to motivate indoor activities
Developing your leadership in the early years
Effects of child care on young children : forty years of research
Day care as growth environment
The nursery school : a human relationships laboratory
Interrelation between close teacher-student relationships and engagement : the case of Finnish preschools
Childcare markets : can they deliver an equitable service?
The importance of early learning
Handbook for early childhood administrators : directing with a mission
Early acute otitis media : determined by exposure to respiratory pathogens
Good practice in childcare
The rabbit who longed for home
A little reader in the Finnish daycare centers
Educators' views on parents' participation on three different identified levels
Preschool in three cultures : Japan, China, and the United States
Discussions on some educational issues. 4
Children and the environment
Infant/toddelr environment rating scale
Children's problem behaviour : rethinking the concept for quality assessment
Children's orientation among peers in kindergarten
Kangaroo - towards higher involvement in toddler's play
Parents as partners : parentsʼ views on their involvement in the pedagogical partnership at the Oulunkylä English Kindergarten
Working with refugee families : study of co-operation between kindergarten teachers and refugee families : experiences from the Somalian perspective
Young children learn measurement and geometry : a learning-teaching trajectory with intermediate attainment targets for the lower grades in primary school
The learning-centered kindergarten : 10 keys to success for standards-based classrooms
Exploring a new inclusive model in Finnish early childhood special education : a 3-year follow up study
The development of the concept of music education in Estonian kindergartens, 1905-2008 : a historical-critical overview
ECERS-E : the four curricular subscales extension to the early childhood environment rating scale (ECERS-R)
Developing digital portfolios for childhood education
Bauen für Kinder = building for children
Children's images and ideas about immigrants : a multicultural intervention in Topelius kindergarten in Helsinki
A quantitative analysis of quality in kindergarten
In search of affordances and visual quality : interpreting environments of children aged under three in seven Finnish day-care centres
Pedagogics of the kindergarten : or, his ideas concerning the play and playthings of the child
Kindergarten : celebration of life for the child & adult
DAP centrism : challenging developmentally appropriate practice
Characteristics of lead teachers and caregivers in early childhood settings
Moira's birthday
Distributed pedagogical leadership in early childhood education
How a kindergarten teacher can exercise early literacy in the day-care centre
So-called problem behaviour?
Mäng kultuurikontekstis = Play in cultural contexts
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
Lulu loves nursery : a sweet book about being a little bit brave
Hospital-associated infections and the safety of alcohol hand gels in children
Leadership in early childhood : the pathway to professionalism
Power and emotion in infant-toddler day care
Oswald and the objects : improving the access of Finnish daycare centers to Design Museum's educational activities
An inclusive solution in early special education
Pre-school playgroups : the handbook
Socio-linguistic study of pre-school English immersion programme
Researching leadership in early childhood education
The developmental kindergarten : individualized instruction through diagnostic grouping
Infant/toddler environment rating scale
Young children, parents and professionals : enchancing the links in early childhood
Managing child care centres
Playful learning and teaching : integrating play into preschool and primary programs
Growing up in child care : a case for quality early education
Support and  collaboration at a Christian day care centre : parents' opinions
Implementing the early years foundation stage : a handbook
Toy story 3
Starting from the child : teaching and learning in the foundation stage
Production of meaning in curriculum
Going to nursery
Every day a good day : establishing routines in your early years setting
