http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28247 cosmopolitanism
cosmopolitanism
The Ashgate research companion to anthropology
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
Global justice and the politics of recognition
Cosmopolitanism : ethics in a world of strangers
Postcolonial transitions in Europe : contexts, practices and politics
Thinking differently about cosmopolitanism : theory, eccentricity, and the globalized world
"For years, critics have been asking if (and proclaiming that) magical realism is dead. Has this narrative mode, arguably the most important literary movement of the twentieth century, seen its day and become, now, an exhausted and dated form? Magical Realism and Cosmopolitanism emphatically contends that magical realism still has much to offer contemporary readers, critics, and authors. However, it has been unnecessarily limited by hermeneutical approaches that have restricted the form to particular, if significant, historical moments and concerns. Instead, this book argues, magical realism might be re-viewed for its potential to enact a range of potential functionalities. The particular function on which Magical Realism and Cosmopolitanism focuses is magical realism's capacity to construct sociological representations of belonging, a usage she traces closely in the late twentieth and early twenty-first century novels of Ben Okri, Salman Rushdie, Cristina Garcia, and Helen Oyeyemi. In demonstrating magical realism's capacity to strategize belonging, this book works not only to open up understandings of the mode to new possibilities, but also asks readers to consider ways these narratives are employing magical realism to engage contemporary, relevant concerns. Specifically, Sasser maps the preoccupation with belonging onto contemporary cosmopolitanism, that revived interdisciplinary discourse within which belonging is also a central concern, among other questions related to world citizenship. Magical realism, by enfleshing this pressing, renewed concern with belonging within narrative skin, thus demonstrates its continued purchase as a storytelling mode, one for whom the death knell need not yet be rung. "--
Cosmopolitan modernisms
An ideal starting point, this book provides a sound and rigorous introduction to the ideas of leading contemporary theorists on issues such as human rights, global justice, migration, multiculturalism, with detailed references for further reading
Current controversies in political philosophy
"Originating in the idea of the world citizen and conceived in contradistinction to nationalism, cosmopolitanism is now understood as a perspective that regards human difference as an opportunity to be embraced rather than a problem to be solved. Does this perspective lie behind all "great" literature, which asks its readers to experience otherness by opening themselves up to another person's words and thoughts? Through analyses of contemporary theories of cosmopolitanism and literary texts such as Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?, Heart of Darkness, Lilith's Brood, Moby-Dick, Othello, and Ragtime, Cosmopolitanism and the Literary Imagination explores the cosmopolitan impulses behind the literary imagination. The book proposes a method for a cosmopolitan reading practice that should appeal not only to scholars and students of literature, but also to general readers and is suitable for classroom adoption"--
Moral universalism and pluralism
Political theory and the ecological challenge
The political philosophy of cosmopolitanism
Justice without borders : cosmopolitanism, nationalism, and patriotism
In recent years postnational theory has become a primary tool for the analysis of European integration. Though interpretations of the concept vary, there is a wide consensus about postnationalism as a way to forge a European identity beyond a particular national history. In line with the German historical context in which this key concept was formulated in the first place, postnationalism is considered to be an adaptation of Kantian cosmopolitanism to the conditions of the modern world. This collection of essays is the first to systematically and comparatively explore the links between postnationalism and cosmopolitanism within the context of the New Europe.
Americanah
Open city : reading signs of uncertain times in New York and Brussels
Global democracy: for and against : ethical theory, institutional design and social struggles
Magical realism and cosmopolitanism : strategizing belonging
Cosmopolitanisms in Enlightenment Europe and beyond
Cosmopolitanism and Place considers the way contemporary Anglophone fiction connects global identities with the experience in local places. Looking at fiction set in metropolises, regional cities, and rural communities, this book argues that the everyday experience of these places produces forms of wide connections that emphasize social justice.
The transnational world of the Cominternians
This volume discusses perspectives on cosmopolitanism, as well as concepts and the work of key figures. For example, it examines educational, philosophical and historical perspectives, deals with such issues as citizenship, internationalism, patriotism, globalization, hegemony and many other topics. It brings together works on Alain Badiou, Giorgio Agamben, Ernesto Laclau, Bruno Latour and Homi Bhabha with works on Whitman, Kant, Martha Nussbaum, Thomas Pogge, Onora O'Neill and Philippe Van Parijs. The book engages in the new dialogue on cosmopolitanism from a variety of outlooks. It advances that dialogue and problematizes it through as yet unexplored paths. Its chapters respond to the intricacies of current discourses on cosmopolitanism and related notions and take into account both affirmative and negative stances to cosmopolitanism and its educational significance. Overall, the book relies on such stances as background material in order to transcend them and offer fresh perspectives on cosmopolitan stakes. It makes use of a recent tendency in political philosophical and cultural-critical debates that opens a possibility of more nuanced approaches to old '-isms'.
Cosmopolitanism and place : spatial forms in contemporary anglophone literature
Muslim cosmopolitanism in the Age of Empire
Artifacts and allegiances : how museums put the nation and the world on display
Americanah : a novel
Building cosmopolis : the political thought of H.G. Wells
Exiles in print : little magazines in Europe, 1921-1938
Human rights and empire : the political philosophy of cosmopolitanism
The cosmopolitan state
Cosmopolitanism : educational, philosophical and historical perspectives
Commercium : critical theory from a cosmopolitan point of view
"A comparative and multidisciplinary exploration of Europe's colonial past in relation to present multicultural, cosmopolitan and/or neocolonial experiences, assessing political, cultural and mediatized transitions"
A young woman from Nigeria leaves behind her home and her first love to start a new life in America, only to find her dreams are not all she expected
Planetary modernisms : provocations on modernity across time
Cosmopolitanism and the literary imagination
"The 'Cominternians' who staffed the Communist International in Moscow from its establishment in 1919 to its dissolution in 1943 led transnational lives and formed a cosmopolitan but closed and privileged world. Full of sympathy, eager to learn, hopeful of emulating Bolshevik success 'at home', they were first-hand witnesses to the difficulties of the young Russian Revolution, before seeing it descend into the terror to which many of them fell victim. This book tells of their experience through these decades, of the encounter between utopian imagination and the real, and how the Party as institution sought to bend subjectivity to its needs, even as they became ever more questionable. Opened some 25 years ago, the Comintern archives provide a surprising wealth of autobiographical materials generated by these militants, and it is on these that this account of political commitment and its vicissitudes is based"--
Cosmopolitanism and the postnational : literature and the new Europe
"What can we learn about nationalism by looking at a country's cultural institutions? How do the history and culture of particular cities help explain how museums represent diversity? Artifacts and Allegiances takes us around the world to tell the compelling story of how museums today are making sense of immigration and globalization. Based on firsthand conversations with museum directors, curators, and policymakers; descriptions of current and future exhibitions; and the inside stories about the famous paintings and iconic objects that define collections across the globe, this work provides a close-up view of how different kinds of institutions balance nationalism and cosmpolitanism. By comparing museums in Europe, the United States, Asia, and the Middle East, Peggy Levitt offers a fresh perspective on the role of the museum in shaping citizens. Taken together, these accounts tell the fascinating story of a sea change underway in the museum world at large"--Provided by publisher.
Routledge handbook of cosmopolitanism studies
Another cosmopolitanism
