http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28213 Lutherans
Lutherans
Growing together in communion : dokumentation from the 1996 Meeting of the Council of the Lutheran World Federation, September 24-October 1, 1996, Geneva, Switzerland
Ways to community
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 5, Papal primacy and the universal Church
An Anglophile among the Anglicans
To be a Christian in Finland : a guidebook to confirmation for immigrants and Finnish expatriates
Commentary on the Lutheran book of worship : Lutheran liturgy in its ecumenical context
The Porvoo Common Statement : conversations between the British and Irish Anglican Churches and the Nordic and Baltic Lutheran Churches : text agreed at the fourth plenary meeting, held at Järvenpää, Finland, 9-13 October 1992.
Introduction : the Lutheran context of Nordic women's history
The Church of England and the Church of Finland : a summary of the proceedings at the Conferences held at Lambeth Palace, London, on October 5th and 6th, 1933, and at Brändö, Helsingfors, on July 17th and 18th, 1934.
Nineteenth-century Lutheran theologians
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 4, Eucharist and ministry
Stretching the drum skin : an analysis of power relations in leadership development and succession in the Evangelical Lutheran church in Tanzania-Northern diocese 1942-1993
Sources and contexts of the Book of Concord
Studies in Lutheran confessions
"I give you a future with hope" : documentation from the 2000 meeting of the Council of the Lutheran World Federation, 14-21 June 2000, Turku, Finland
Laudamus : hymnal for the Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation = Gesangbuch für die Vollversammlung des Lutherischen Weltbundes = Psalmbok för Lutherska världsförbundets generalförsamling
The Lutheran Church in Slovakia
The theology of the cross
Wuoristo-St.Timothy's Lutheran Church, Copper Cliff : 100 years 1897-1997
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
Gender, race and religion : Nordic missions 1860-1940
The religio-magical domain as a bilingual mechanism of culture : Ingrian Lutheranism in the (post) Soviet cultural space
Lutheran ecumenism on the way : documentation from the Klingenthal consultation 5-8 June 1990.
Anglican-Lutheran consultation : "Episcopé in relation to the mission of the Church today", Niagara Falls, Canada, 24 September - 3 October 1987 : papers of the consultation
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Witnessing to God's faithfulness : issues of biblical authority
Reports from LWF church and national committees
The Church, community of grace : final report of the Joint Commission between the Lutheran World Federation and World Methodist Council, 1979-1984
Lutheran churches in Hungary
Ethical Investment Policy of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
Ministry, women, bishops : report of an International Consultation Cartigny, Switzerland, 1992.
Church in change : The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2000 to 2003
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
Church ministry in African Christianity
Report of the consultation for West African church leaders, studio directors and church communicators : Jos, Nigeria, November 1980
Development of a viable congregational-based Clinical Pastoral Education center
Russian imperial Lutheran liturgy since the publication of the 1832 agenda
The Lutheran church : past and present
Together in mission
The study of ministry : Report to the 1991 Churchwide Assembly
Five centuries of Lutheranism in Poland
Adventists and Lutherans in conversation : report of the bilateral conversations between the Lutheran World Federation and the Seventh-day Adventist Church 1994-1998 = Adventisten und Lutheraner im Gespräch = Adventistes et luthériens en conversation
Signs of hope : considerations and questions : issue material for the working groups at the Seventh Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation, Budapest, Hungary, July 22 to August 5, 1984
Report on study on church economy. Part II : presented in Geneva, Switzerland August 1971
Rytų Prūsijos liuteronų liturginė tradicija ir lietuviškoji raiška Reformacijos ir Donelaičio laikų agendose = The East Prussian Lutheran liturgical tradition and its Lithuanian expression from the Reformation to the agendas of the Donelaitis era
Baptists and Lutherans in conversation : a message to our Church
The road to the unification of the Lutheran churches in the Russian empire under a single liturgy
Report of the consultation for East African church leaders, studio directors and church communicators : Arusha, Tanzania, March 1981
Conferences between representatives appointed by the Archbishop of Canterbury on behalf of the Church of England and representatives of the Evangelical Lutheran Churches of Latvia and Estonia
LWF ecumenical relations in review : 1979
Lutheran churches in the world : a handbook
The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Estonia in Exile
Culture, religion, and demographic behaviour : Catholics and Lutherans in Alsace, 1750-1870
Church in bondage
Theology of marriage and the problems of mixed marriages : dialogue between the Lutheran World Federation, the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity of the Roman Catholic Church 1971-77
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 6, Teaching authority & infallibility in the Church
A Church of Encounter : guidelines for international and ecumenical work, including interfaith encounter, until 2020.
A record of the activities of the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland in Japan, 1900-1946
Proceedings of the Union Lutheran Conference : Kikungshan Honan, China Aug. 23-27, 1917
Communiqué : conversations between Pentecostals and Lutherans
Visitation : a study by the Theological Committee of the VELKD
Worship and ethics : Lutherans and Anglicans in dialogue
The church and the people
The role of mission in the future of Lutheran theology
Suomen evankelis-luterilaisen kirkon kirkolliskokous = Kyrkomötet i den evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Finland = The General Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland : 1974-2011
The Eucharist
Lutheran churches - salt or mirror of society? : case studies on the theory and practice of the two kingdoms doctrine
The ninth biennial meeting of the INBCH at the university of Klaipėda, 2014.
Lutheran and Catholic reconciliation on justification : a chronology of the Holy See's contributions, 1961-1999, to a new relationship between Lutherans and Catholics and to steps leading to the Joint declaration on the doctrine of justification
Christian stewardship in the North Western Diocese of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Tanzania 1940-1972
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Luther, Lutheranism and the Jews : a record of the second Consultation between representatives of The International Jewish Committee for Interreligious Consultations and The Lutheran World Federation held in Stockholm, Sweden, 11-13 July 1983
Studies in the Lutheran confessions
Reframing pluralism
The episcopal ministry within the apostolicity of the church : a Lutheran statement 2002 = Das bischöfliche Amt im Rahmen der Apostolizität der Kirche : einen lutherische Erklärung 2002 = Le ministère épiscopal au sein de l'apostolicité de l'église : une déclaration luthérienne 2002 = El oficio episcopal en la iglesia apostólica : manifesto Luterano 2002.
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 2, One baptism for the remission of sins
Commom statement : the mystery of the church: D. the holy eucharist in the life of the church
The two folk churches in Finland : The 12th Finnish Lutheran-Orthodox theological discussions 2014
From pioneer mission to autonomous church : Lutheran mission cooperation and church building in Thailand 1976-1994
A basic history of lutheranism in America
Sitka Lutheran Church celebrates its 150th years : the Finnish legacy in Russian Alaska
The repression of the evangelical lutheran church in Lithuania during the stalinist era
Communiqué : dialogue between Pentecostals and Lutherans
Issues and program emphases 1985-1990
The Book of Concord : the confessions of the Evangelical Lutheran Church
On being Lutheran : reflections on church, theology, and faith
Lutheran directory. 1984
Confirmation ministry study : global report 4-8 September 1995, Geneva, Switzerland
The concept of sin among Haya Lutheran Christian converted from African traditional religion
Designing a computer system for remote offices: traditional system versus cloud system : case: Church Council of the Evangelical Lutheran church of Finland
The Lutheran Church in American history
Mission and development : Finnish Pentecostal, Lutheran and Orthodox mission agencies in development work in Kenya 1948-1989
Closeted in the name of God - the status of homosexual employees in the Lutheran Evangelical Church in Finland
Third All Asia Lutheran Conference, Singapore, 29th November 4th December 1976
That all may believe : a theology of the Gospel and the mission of the church
As between brothers : the story of Lutheran response to world need
Lutherans and Adventists in conversation : report and papers presented 1994-1998
Resurgence of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Lithuania after the Soviet era
Lutherans today : American Lutheran identity in the twenty-first century
Toward Church fellowship : report of the Joint Commission of the Lutheran World Federation and the World Alliance of Reformed Churches
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
The encyclopedia of the Lutheran Church. Volume 1, A - E
Youth participation in religious activities: case study of the congregations of Mikael Agricola and Munkkiniemi Churches in Helsinki, Finland and the Presbyterian Church Down Beach Limbe, Cameroon : a comparative perspective
Lutheran churches of the world
Lutheran congregations in St. Petersburg / Maria Enckell
We believe, teach and confess
Lutheran Book of Worship
Common witness : Basic Policy on Mission of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
Media awareness/education programs : analysis of an LWF survey
1. Federal Republic of Germany. The Barmen theological declaration and the two kingdom doctrine. Historico-systematic reflections / Wolfgang Huber. -- The doctrine of the two kingdoms, or the art of drawing distinctions. Remarks concerning the theological interpretation of political affairs / Trutz Rendtorff. -- 2. German Democratic Republic. The place of the two kingdom doctrine in the life of the Evangelical Churches in the German Democratic Republic / Heino Falcke. -- 3. Hungary. Theory and practice of the doctrine of the two kingdoms in the Lutheran Church in Hungary / Andor Muntag. -- 4. Norway. The doctrine of God's twofold governance in the Norwegian Church struggle from 1940 to 1945: fifteen theses / Torleiv Amstad. -- 5. Denmark. The attitude of the Danish Church toward authority during the German occupation, 1940-1945 / Henrik Fossing. -- The Christian mission in relation to industrial problems. The attitude of the Jerusalem Conference 1928 and the reaction of the Nordic Lutheran Churches / Johannes Aagaard. 6. Namibia. The mission and the political awakening of the Namibians after the First World War / Lothar Engel. -- The dispute between black and white Lutherans in Namibia after the open letter of 1971 / Klaus Eichholz. -- 7. South Africa. The context of the Umpumulo Memorandum of 1967 / Wolfram Kistner. -- 8. Brazil. Identity and problems of development: the Evangelical Church of Lutheran Confession in Brazil / Hans-Jürgen Prien. -- 9. United States of America. The two kingdoms debate: a look at the American situation / Karl Hertz. -- 10. International Lutheranism. Lutheranism in the time of dictators: the Lutheran World Convention, 1923-1947 / Armin Boyens. -- Concluding section: Types of the use and misuse of a doctrine of two kingdoms and twofold governance.
Lutheran communication directory 1990/91
The Gospel is the power of God : the third International Confessional Lutheran Conference 23.-27.3.1998, Matongo, Kenya
Catechisations on Luther's small catechism
Proceedings of the First General Assembly of the Lutheran Church of China: held at Ki Kung Shan Honan China August 22-29 1920
LWF ecumenical relations in review : 1980
The pastors from Finland at the Suomi Synod
