http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28269 Taiwanese people
Taiwanese people
In the growing body of research on sign language linguistics, one area onf inquiry considers an important compononent of all sign languages - handshapes - and whether the use of spesific shapes increases in direct relation to the ease of their formation. In this study, author Jean Ann provides significant clarification through an incisive assessment of Taiwanese sign language, a perfect model for bringing resolution to the handshape question.  Ann employs a straightforward methodology in her examination of the use of Taiwan sign language (TSL) handshapes in five succint chapters. In the first chapter, she discusses the two approaches linguistics have taken towards understanding languages, and how these theories have influences sign language researchers' consideration of the ease of articulation and frequency of handshapes. In her second chapter, Ann delineates the physiology of hands and explains why certain digits move with greater dexterity tha others. She applies this physiological information in the third chapter to construct a model for determining the ease of articulation of any logically possible handshape. She divides the handshapes into three categories, ranging from impossible to easy.  In the fourth chapter, Ann uses her model to examine the patterns of TSL, first by describing the 56 handshapes identified with TSL, then detrmining how often each is used. She then compares the usage data to the handshapes' ease of formation. The final chapter summarizes her findings and suggests implications of this work that are bound to generate further speculation and study of sign language handshapes in the future.
Sign languages in contact
Frequency of occurrence and ease of articulation of sign language handshapes : the taiwanese example
Theoretical issues in sign language research. Vol. 1, Linguistics
This volume collects for the first time various accounts of contact between sign languages throughout the world, presenting an exciting opportunity to further understand the structural and social factors of this linguistic component in Deaf communities. Editor David Quinto-Pozos has divided Sign Languages in Contact into four parts, starting with Contact in a Trilingual Setting. The sole essay in this section features a study of Maori signs by Rachel McKee, David McKee, Kirsten Smiler, and Karen Pointon that reveals the construction of indigenous Deaf identity in New Zealand Sign Language. In Part Two: Lexical Comparisons, Jeffrey Davis conducts an historic, linguistic assessment of varieties of North American Indian sign languages. Daisuke Sasaki compares the Japanese Sign Language lexicon with that of Taiwan Sign Language by focusing on signs that share the same meaning and all parameters except for their handshapes. Judith Yoel's chapter takes up the entirety of Part Three: Language Attrition, with her analysis of the erosion of Russian Sign Language among immigrants to Israel. The final part describes how educators and other foreign visitors can influence indigenous sign languages. Karin Hoyer delineates the effects of international sign and gesture on Albanian Sign Language. Jean Ann, Wayne H. Smith, and Chiangsheng Yu close this significant collection by assessing contact between Mainland China's sign language and Taiwan Sign Language in the Ch'iying School in Taiwan.
Formational units in sign languages
Taiwan since martial law : society, culture, politics, economy
Highly educated Taiwanese women seeking a self-acceptable social position in Finland
Stregthening Taiwanese identity : a threat to the stability of the Taiwan strait?
"Taiwan since martial law epitomizes the reinvigoration of cultural pluralism, which characterizes the dynamic processes of democratized Taiwan. With the lifting of martial law in 1987, people have awakened to their respective cultural identities and contributed to a sociopolitical renaissance strengthening the island's sense of national destiny and commitment to self-determination. Nineteen chapters highlight Taiwan's social and cultural diversity and the complexities of its politics and economy. The preface by Bo Tedards depicts the avenues of Taiwan's democratization with his 'trajectories' of political alternatives. The opening chapter by the editor David Blundell traces his personal experiences during the martial law transition and his reflections on an emerging Taiwan "sense of place." Pro-democracy activists organized to demand free elections, human rights, respect for local heritages, and environmental sustainability." --Provided by publisher.
