http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2822 free trade
free trade
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Against the tide : an intellectual history of free trade
Free trade areas in the Arab region : where do we go from here?
International trade : new patterns of trade, production & investment
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
Understanding the Baltic and Estonian puzzles : The  political economy of rapid external liberalization in  Estonia and Latvia
Heyday : the 1850s and the dawn of the global age
Protection of the environment and the free movement of goods
General agreement on tariffs and trade
The Mexico-U.S. free trade agreement
International Trade Secretariats : know your facts
Regional trade agreements and the WTO legal system
The application of EC law by national courts : the free movement of goods
Europe without frontiers : completing the internal market
23 things they don't tell you about capitalism
Integrating poor countries into world trading system
Asean, Afta and the Sojiri growth triangle : regional and sub-regional economic integration
Investing in protection : the politics of preferential trade agreements between North and South
How liberalization of trade in services may conserve natural resources
Summary (s. 5)
Understanding the North American Free Trade Agreement : Legal and business consequenses of NAFTA
The great betrayal : how American sovereignty and social justice are being sacrificed to the gods of the global economy
The European Free Trade Association
Abstract.
The Shock Doctrine : the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
The yes men
Does an Enlargement of a Common Market Induce Growth and Income Convergence?
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Outsourcing economics : global value chains in capitalist development
Implementing the Uruguay Round
Against the flow : reflections of an individualist
Launching new global trade talks : an action agenda
Building trade partnerships in Eastern Europe, the Caucasus and Central Asia
Can the poor benefit from the Doha agenda? The case of Indonesia
The TTIP, ISDS and the shift towards transparency in investor-state arbitration
Open regionalism and trade liberalization : an Asia-Pacific contribution to the world trade system
Integration of transport and trade facilitation : selected regional case studies
Agricultural trade liberalization : implications for developing countries
Analytical index : Guide to GATT law and practice
Free trade within North America : expanding trade for prosperity : proceedings of the 1991 Conference on the Southwest Economy sponsored by the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas
Stitching identities in a free trade zone : gender and politics in Sri Lanka
Firm interests : how governments shape business lobbying on global trade
The WTO negotiations in the field of agriculture and food : strategic positions of the US and China
Principles and elements of free trade relations : 40 years of EFTA experience
Summary (s. 9-15).
Does free trade really reduce growth? : further testing using the economic freedom index
Global tensions : challenges and opportunities in the world economy
Russia getting closer to WTO membership : what are the  practical implications?
Remaking U.S. trade policy : from protectionism to globalization
Annual report of the European Free Trade Association
Export dynamism and market access
ASEAN free trade agreement : implications & future directions
Politics of development : a survey
Meanings of the market : the free market in Western culture
Analysis of the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Uniting North American business : NAFTA best practices
AFTA reader. Volume 1, Questions and answers on the CEPT for AFTA
The market and the masses in Latin America : policy reform and consumption in liberalizing economies
An economic history of modern Britain. [2], Free trade and steel 1850-1886
Singapore and free trade agreements : economic relations with Japan and the United States
Integration among unequal partners, possibilities of regional integration in the Southern African Development Community
Economic and social impact of liberalization : a study on Early Harvest Program under China-ASEAN FTA
Pacific dynamism and the international economic system
Abstract: Regionalism vs. Multilateralism : An overview of the effects of Regionalism. The Purpose of this dissertation was to first find the motives behind and causes for regionalism and to explore the advantages and disadvantages of the phenomenon. Secondly, the intension was to determine the benefits of a possible bilateral FTA between Australia and China and whether a bilateral trade agreement would be more beneficial for the Australian economy than waiting for a multilateral WTO regulated framework. The research was conducted through an extensive literature review. The first part of the research focused on international trade, history of RTAs and the motives behind  regionalism. The research also focused on the traditional "stepping stone" versus "Stumbling Block" debate. The second part focused on Australian economy, trade policies and trade relations between Australia and China. The final part of the research explored the possible Australia – China FTA and on the benefits and limitation of the agreement on the Australian economy. The Study found that there is a pattern in the formation of RTAs and that regionalism is largely a response to globalisation. The research also suggested that although regionalism in certain cases may hinder trade and the formation of a multilateral framework, in general it is trade creating. In addition, a correlation between China's growth and Australia's economic welfare could be detected and the benefits from a bilateral FTA were found to outweigh the disadvantage of one and therefore also be more beneficial  than waiting for a multilateral framework. There are always limitations when a study is carried out using secondary sources. The lack of an empirical study, the limited amount of quantitative research present and the vast amount on prior research in the topic are great limitations. Although an extensive amount of studies have been conducted on regionalism, it is still possible to research and find new  perspectives because regionalism as a phenomenon is multifaceted.
The international commercial system
An evaluation of the economic welfare implications of removing tariffs and export subsidies on the European Union cereal market
China and Southeast Asia : global changes and regional challenges
Realizing the ASEAN Economic Community : a comprehensive assessment
Agricultural trade liberalization in the Uruguay round : implications for developing countries
Barriers of free trade in the trade of used motorcycles to Finland
Trading up : economic perspectives on development issues in the multilateral trading system
Economics and world history : myths and paradoxes
The Uruguay round and agriculture in Southern Africa : implications and policy responses : proceedings of an FAO/SADC workshop, Harare, Zimbabwe, 21-23 January 1997
Protectionism vs. free trade trade between the European Union and the United States : the case of the auto industry
The EEC-treaty rules on intra-community trade and their importance for exporters from third countries
The free trade agreements between the EC and EFTA coutries : their implementation and interpretation : a case study
The new protectionism : protecting the future against free trade
The politics of freeing markets in Latin Ameria : Chile, Argentina and Mexico
Free trade agreements in Southeast Asia
East-West migration : the alternatives
The response
Building transnational networks : civil society and the politics of trade in the Americas
Cannons and canons : Clingendael views of global and regional politics : an overview of international relations on the occasion of the twentieth anniversary of the Netherlands Institute of International Relations 'Clingendael'
External liberalisation is usually hard to implement politically. Therefore the speed and depth of liberalisation in Estonia and Latvia raises a 'Baltic puzzle'.Estonia is also unique in that it has implemented free trade - the 'Estonian puzzle'.This paper uses political economy analysis of exogenous factors, interests, institutions and ideas to understand these two puzzles.The impact of the crisis of the early 1990s on interests and institutions is shown to be a precondition of the Baltic puzzle, but ideas and exogenous factors are more important in explaining actual policy choices.The Estonian puzzle is seen as the result of a unique configuration of political economy variables.  Key words: political economy, external liberalisation, free trade, Estonia, Latvia .
Market integration, regionalism and the global economy
Prospects for liberalization of trade in agriculture
The Ashgate research companion to international trade policy
The anti-dumping agreement and developing countries : an introduction
Trade policy issues : papers presented at the seminar on Trade Policy Issues, March 6-10, 1995
Using EFTA : how to start selling in the European Free Trade Area
The integration of the European Community and third states in Europe : a legal analysis
International trade law and the GATT/WTO dispute settlement system
The North American free trade agreement NAFTA : after eight years and the neoliberal political economy
How to design, negotiate, and implement a free trade agreement in Asia
The free trade adventure : the Uruguay round and globalism - a critique
On economic integration with imperfect competition
Free trade agreement (TDCA) between South Africa and the European Union : an exemplar for the economic partnership agreements
Trade policy developments in the Middle East and North Africa
Regionalism vs. Multilateralism  : An overview of the effects of Regionalism
Executive summary (s. 9-14).
Global governance : an architecture for the world economy
Outsourcing Economics has a double meaning. First, it is a book about the economics of outsourcing. Second, it examines the way that economists have understood globalization as a pure market phenomenon, and as a result have 'outsourced' the explanation of world economic forces to other disciplines. Markets are embedded in a set of institutions - labor, government, corporate, civil society, and household - that mold the power asymmetries that influence the distribution of the gains from globalization. In this book, William Milberg and Deborah Winkler propose an institutional theory of trade and development starting with the growth of global value chains - international networks of production that have restructured the global economy and its governance over the past twenty-five years. They find that offshoring leads to greater economic insecurity in industrialized countries that lack institutions supporting workers. They also find that offshoring allows firms to reduce domestic investment and focus on finance and short-run stock movements. Economic development has become synonymous with 'upgrading' in global value chains, but this is not sufficient for improved wages or labor standards, raising obstacles to sustained economic development for many emerging economies.
Challenges popular misconceptions while making startling revelations about free-market practices, explaining the author's views on global capitalism dynamics while making recommendations for reshaping capitalism to humane ends.
Fair trade : a beginner's guide
ASEAN in a changed regional and international political environment
Protectionism
The politics of persuasion : should lobbying be regulated in the EU?
The travels of a t-shirt in the global economy : an economist examines the markets, power, and politics of global trade
Trade laws and institutions : good practices and the World Trade Organization
The poverty impact of trade liberalization among and within SADC countries : case study on Zambia and Botswana implementing EU's everything but arms-initiative, SADC free trade area and EU-SADC free trade area in the short run and in the long run
Liberalization of capital movements and trade : real appreciation, employment and welfare
National system of political economy. [III]. The systems, the politics
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 12
Deceiving (dis)appearances : analyzing current developments in Europe and North America's border regions
Regionalism vs. multilateralism : an overview of the effects of regionalism
Agricultural policies in Europe and the USA : farmers between subsidies and the market
Congressional trade votes : from NAFTA approval to fast-track defeat
The business environment in Hong Kong : with a post-handover postscript on the Hong Kong SAR
Power, protection, and free trade : international sources of U.S. commercial strategy, 1887-1939
Supply chain directions for a new North America
New frontiers in free trade : globalization's future and Asia's rising role
The Transatlantic trade and investment partnership agreement : challenges of investor-state dispute settlement
Trade liberalisation and the poverty of nations
Smoke and mirrors : making sense of the WTO industrial tariff negotiations
The United States, the European Union, and the "globalization"of world trade : allies or adversaries
The economics of preferential trade agreements
Review of industrial strategies and policies : preparing for the twenty-first century
Rethinking free trade : an ethical discourse from the African communal perspective
The EU and emerging markets
The selling of "free trade" : NAFTA, Wahington, and the subversion of American democracy
The national system of political economy. [I]. History
Economic effects of free trade between the EU and Russia
Regional trading blocs in the world economic system
The globalization reader
The legal environment for importing in the European Union : case study Suomen Mercus Oy
OpenCart 1.4 beginner's guide : build and manage professional online shopping stores easily using OpenCart
The EU and the WTO : legal and constitutional issues
Oxford handbook of international investment law
Business and E-commerce in Drupal
Regional trade agreements : law, policy and practice
Free trade and liberal England 1846-1946
Free movement in the European Union
This is EFTA 2010.
European integration and growth : Are the new EU member countries catching up the old?
Asia's free trade agreements : how is business responding?
Economic openness : problems to the century's end
The origin of the idea of the Pacific Free Trade Area : a study of Japanese rhetorical categories and discussions on international integration 1945-1968
Issues in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership : A critical discourse analysis
The effects of EFTA on the Economies of member states
The EU is at a crossroads. Should it choose the path towards protectionism or the path towards free trade?
From the Soviet Union to the European Union / The political  economy of Estonian trade policy reforms, 1991-2000
The free trade agreement between the European Union and the Rebublic of Chile : the effect on Chilean fresh fruit industry
ASEAN free trade area : trading bloc or building block?
Towards free trade in agriculture
35 years of free trade in Europe : messages for the future
The North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA : after eight years, and the neoliberal political economy
The multilateral trading system : analysis and options for change
The U.S. - Canada free trade agreement : a model for Finland?
EFTA 1960-2000 : commemorative publication
"Building Transnational Networks tells the story of how a broad group of civil society organizations came together to contest free trade negotiations in the Americas. Based on research in Brazil, Chile, Mexico, the United States, and Canada, it offers a full hemispheric analysis of the creation of civil society networks as they engaged in the politics of trade. The author demonstrates that most effective transnational actors are the ones with strong domestic roots and that 'southern' organizations occupy key nodes in trade networks. The fragility of activist networks stems from changes in the domestic political context as well as from characteristics of the organizations, the networks, or the actions they undertake. These findings advance and suggest new understandings of transnational collective action"--
Allies, adversaries and international trade
Globalization and development in Latin America
Trade facilitation
Pharmaceutical patents and marketing approvals within the U.S.-Chile free trade agreement context : a brief analysis
Transforming East Asia : the evolution of regional economic integration
The coming of globalization : its evolution and contemporary consequences
The benefits of free trade : East Asia and Latin America
Europe and the Nordic fringe
Free trade area between China and European Union : idea or reality?
Protection and competition in international trade : essays in honor of W.M. Corden
The EU-Ukraine Association Agreement and deep and comprehensive free trade area : a new legal instrument for EU integration without membership
Poverty and the WTO : impacts of the Doha Development Agenda
Trade liberalization, agriculture and poverty in low-income countries
Marked eller styring i landbrukspolitikken : foredrag holdt på jubileumsseminar ved NILFs og BFJs 50-årsjubileum = The role of free market or market in[ter]ventions in the agricultural policy
Globalization and global justice : shrinking distance, expanding obligations
The external economic dimension of the European Union
Asia-Pacific crossroads : regime creation and the future of APEC
Global rice and agricultural trade liberalisation : poverty and welfare implications for South Asia
Marx on cheapness : being some portions of "the discourse on free trade" delivered by Karl Marx before the democratic association of Brussels, January 9. 1848
Trade liberalization and cartel stability
How rich countries got rich ... and why poor countries stay poor
Russia has cleared an important hurdle in its path to membership of the World Trade Organization (WTO), the signing of the bilateral agreement with the United States.It will still take some months at minimum to finalize Russian membership, and even longer for the effects of membership to be realized.Russia's progress in the WTO negotiations is an important positive sign for international actors of the country's willingness to further integrate with the global economy.Russia has committed to lowering its average import tariff on agricultural and industrial goods by 3 percentage points, but with transition periods.Russia will also liberalize its service sector, but still reserve the right to some restrictions.It is widely believed that WTO membership will have a positive impact on Russia's economic development by enhancing competition and efficiency in the economy and by increasing foreign direct investment (FDI) flows to Russia.Some fears have also been expressed on the ability of domestic companies to survive with the growing competitive pressure.The consequences of future membership will not, however, be dramatic or instantaneous. Keywords: Russia, WTO, trade policy .
Effects of Duty-Free Zone on Welfare
From ASEAN to AFTA
Adjusting to trade liberalization : the role of policy, institutions and WTO disciplines
NAFTA and beyond : a new framework for doing business in the Americas
The late great USA : the coming merger with Canada and Mexico
The ASEAN free-trade area : backwards or forwards
Trading blows : party competition and U.S. trade policy in a globalizing era
Making an ASEAN-EU FTA work for European business : prospects and challenges
Overview of developments in the international trading environment : annual report by the Director-General
WTO and India
The Uruguay round : global agreement, global benefit
Conflicting Strategies to Enhance Foreign Aid Efficacy in Africa : the millennium villages, randomized trials and free trade
False dawn : the delusions of global capitalism
Economic fundamentalism : A world model for structural adjustment
World tariff profiles
This paper examines the political economy of Estonian trade policy in the 1990s.Estonia is a unique case in the world economy, in that the country rapidly implemented unilateral free trade after regaining independence and sustained it right through the 1990s.We analyse the circumstances, interests, ideas and institutions that have shaped Estonian trade policy during the past decade.Our stress is on institutions, particularly the national decision-making setting for trade policy.Through this prism we try to understand how a free trade regime was implemented and sustained, and what this experience suggests for the feasibility of free trade elsewhere.We also look at the increasingly "multi-track' nature of Estonian trade policy through bilateral free trade agreements, WTO accession and, especially, the movement towards EU accession.Although the other trade policy tracks to some extent provide a lock-in for unilateral reforms, we argue that EU accession is undermining the simple, classical liberal trade policy regime that existed during the 1990s. Keywords: trade policy, free trade, political economy, Estonia, FTAs, WTO, EU .
Réseaux économiques et construction européenne : [actes du colloque de Bruxelles organisé par l'Institut d'Etudes Européennes de l'Université Catholique de Louvain et la Fundación Academia Europea de Yuste dans le cadre du projet SEGEI, 16 - 18 octobre 2002] = Economic networks and European integration
The World Trade Organization Millennium Round : freer trade in the twenty-first century
The environment and free trade : report from a workshop held in Linköping January 18-19, 1993 arranged jointly by EPOS, Uppsala University and the Department of Water and Environmental Studies, Linköping University
Protection and liberalization : a review of analytical issues
Globalization versus development
Executive summary: A world of trade liberalisation (s. 11-14).
Environmental and energy products : the benefits of liberalising trade
Global trade and conflicting national interests
The national system of political economy. [II]. Theory
Offshoring of American jobs : what response from U.S. economic policy?
