http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28290 oral culture
oral culture
Re-evaluating oral poetry : research on the composers ́ field
African philosophy : an overview and a critique of the philosophical significance of African oral literature
Latter-day lore : Mormon folklore studies
Packy Jim : folklore and worldview on the Irish border
Speaking of emotions : conceptualisation and expression
Carrying enemies on your shoulder : Indian folk wisdom in Tibet
Marvelous transformations : an anthology of fairy tales and contemporary critical perspectives / edited by Christine A. Jones & Jennifer Schacker
"A history of the concept of orality (that is, the creation and transmission of literary works without the use of writing), this book shows awareness of this medium emerging from the encounter of many literary and scientific developments (romanticism, post-symbolism, structuralism; physiology, psychology, the study of expression, anthropology; phonography, cinema)"--
Folklore and folklife in the United Arab Emirates
Myth, ritual and the oral
"I have a dream" : a material package on African American history and culture with a focus on communicative competence
Tradition and innovation in folk literature
The selected works of Andrew Lang. Volume 1, Anthropology : fairy tale, folklore, the origins of religion, psychical research
Responsibility and evidence in oral discourse
Excellence in business communication
Indonezijcy i ih sosedi : Festschrift E. V. Revunenkovoj i A. K. Ogloblinu = Indonesians and their neighbours : Festschrift for Elena V. Revunenkova and Alexander K. Ogloblin
Connecting across disciplines, across oceans
English abstracts.
Heroic poets, poetic heroes : the ethnography of performance in an Arabic oral epic tradition
The chimera principle : an anthropology of memory and imagination
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
Identity through history : living stories in a Solomon Islands society
The ballad and the folk
Entangled subjects : indigenous/Australian cross-cultures of talk, text, and modernity
Indigenous notions of ownership and libraries, archives and museums
Narratives across space and time : transmissions and adaptations, June 21-27, 2009 Athens : programme and abstracts
Trickster and hero : two characters in the oral and written traditions of the world
Folklore and the Internet : vernacular expression in a digital world
Oh dear!. 1
XIth Congress of the International Society for Folk-Narrative Research (ISFNR), January 6-12, 1995, Mysore, India : papers
Folk groups and folklore genres : an introduction
Hanging without a rope : narrative experience in colonial and postcolonial Karoland
The African past speaks : essays on oral tradition and history
First-time : the historical vision of an Afro-American people
The humming tree : a study in the history of mentalities
Politics of orality
Talking tools : faces of aboriginal oral tradition in contemporary society
Telling stories : witchcraft and scapegoating in Chinese history
Workshop report : indigenous ideas and foreign influences : interactions among oral and literary, Latin and vernacular cultures in medieval and early modern Northern Europe : 26th-27th September 2013, Helsinki
Icelandic-Canadian oral narratives
Traditional India : structure and change
Legend-tripping online : supernatural folklore and the search for Ong's hat
Folklore unbound : a concise introduction
Father of the bride : speech and duties
Detailed introduction and annotations with English translation of the Tibetan text of the Nītisāstra of Masūrāksa; dealing on Buddhist ethic for statecraft.
Bemba myth and ritual : the impact of literacy on an oral culture
"Who speaks? The author as producer, the contingency of the text, intertextuality, the "device" - core ideas of modern literary theory - were all pioneered in the shadow of oral literature. Authorless, loosely dated, and variable, oral texts have always posed a challenge to critical interpretation. When it began to be thought that culturally significant texts - starting with Homer and the Bible - had emerged from an oral tradition, assumptions on how to read these texts were greatly perturbed. Through readings that range from ancient Greece, Rome, and China to the Cold War imaginary, The Ethnography of Rhythm situates the study of oral traditions in the contentious space of nineteenth- and twentieth-century thinking about language, mind, and culture. It also demonstrates the role of technologies in framing this category of poetic creation. By making possible a new understanding of Maussian "techniques of the body" as belonging to the domain of Derridean "arche-writing," Haun Saussy shows how oral tradition is a means of inscription in its own right, rather than an antecedent made obsolete by the written word or other media and data-storage devices"--
Web of life : folklore and midrash in rabbinic literature
Pathways of memory and power : ethnography and history among an Andean people
Japanese for busy people. 1 : kana version
Return to culture : oral tradition and society in the Southern Cook Islands
Verbal art as performance
The study of Russian folklore
Creating context in Andean cultures
The spoken word : oral culture in Britain 1500-1850
Literature and violence in North Arabia : Michael E. Meeker
Along the oral-written continuum : types of texts, relations, and their implications
The ethnography of southwestern Angola. 1, The non-Bantu peoples : the Ambo ethnic group
The study of American folklore : an introduction
Singing the past : Turkic and medieval heroic poetry
Oral literature of the Maasai
Literacy and orality in eighteenth-century Irish song
Showing signs of violence : the cultural politics of a twentieth-century headhunting ritual
Folklore : the intangible cultural heritage of SAARC region. Volume 2
The sea woman : Sedna in Inuit shamanism and art in the eastern Arctic
The oral chronicle of the Boorana in southern Ethiopia : modes of construction and preservation of history among people without writing
"Animal etiquette" : teaching politeness strategies using requests in The wind in the willows
The power of the written tradition
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
Reading and writing from below : exploring the margins of modernity
Language, culture, & society : an introduction to linguistic anthropology
Folklore in action : essays for discussion in honor of MacEdward Leach
Oral cultures past and present : rappin' and Homer
Oral art forms and their passage into writing
Street ballads in nineteenth-century Britain, Ireland, and North America : the interface between print and oral traditions
Folk traditions in modern society
The ethnography of rhythm : orality and its technologies
Homo Narrans : the poetics and anthropology of oral literature
A world of others' words : cross-cultural perspectives on intertextuality
How to read an oral poem
Marvelous Transformations is an anthology of tales and original critical essays that moves beyond canonized "classics" and old paradigms, documenting the points of historical connection between literary tales and field-based collections. This innovative anthology reflects current interdisciplinary scholarship on oral traditions and the cultural history of the print fairy tale. In addition to the tales, original critical essays, newly written for this volume, introduce readers to differing perspectives on key ideas in the field.
"Folklore and the Internet is a pioneering examination of the folkloric qualities of the World Wide Web, e-mail, and related digital media. It shows that folk culture, sustained by a new and evolving vernacular, has been a key, since the Internet's beginnings, to language, practice, and interaction online. Users of many sorts continue to develop the Internet as a significant medium for generating, transmitting, documenting, and preserving folklore." "In a set of new, insightful essays, contributors Trevor J. Blank, Simon J. Bronner, Robert Dobler, Russell Frank, Gregory Hansen, Robert Glenn Howard, Lynne S. McNeill, Elizabeth Tucker, and William Westerman showcase ways the Internet both shapes and is shaped by folklore."--BOOK JACKET.
The voice of the past : oral history
Martyr as bridegroom : a folk representation of Bhagat Singh
Bhagat Singh, 1907-1931, Indian revolutionary and freedom fighter.
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
The anthropology of texts, persons and publics : [oral and written culture in African and Beyond]
Learn Japanese the fast and fun way
Oral history in the visual arts
The interplay of the oral and the written in Chinese popular literature
Oral tradition, literary tradition : a symposium
The social life of stories : narrative and knowledge in the Yukon Territory
An African worldview : the Muslim Amacinga Yawo of Southern Malaŵi
Explaining traditions : folk behavior in modern culture
The Irish fairy tale : a narrative tradition from the Middle Ages to Yeats and Stephens
