http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28206 occupational discrimination
occupational discrimination
Abstract.
Impact of ethnicity on employment in Australia
The second Global Report on discrimination under the follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work examines emerging issues in patterns of workplace discrimination and inequalities and recent policy responses, and outlines the ILO's experience and achievements to date and the challenges it faces. It points to the need for better enforcement of legislation against discrimination, as well as non-regulatory initiatives by governments and enterprises, and equipping the social partners to be more effective in making equality a reality at the workplace. The Report puts forward other proposals for future action, including making equality a mainstream objective of the ILO's Decent Work Country Programmes. The Global Report describes major advances in the struggle against discrimination, including progress in ratification of related ILO Conventions, as well as improvements on the national legal and institutional fronts, and action plans and programmes to combat inequalities stemming from discrimination. It also identifies challenges such as weak law enforcement, lack of resources among bodies set up to fight discrimination, plans that are too narrow in scope and programmes too short in duration, and the informal economy as one area where equality-enhancing policies face particular difficulties in making an impact.
Psychology for social workers : black perspectives
Discrimination - a way of earning or wasting money? : the allocation of the work under imperfect competition
This book provides the first systematic assessment of trends in inequality in job quality in Britain in recent decades. It assesses the pattern of change drawing on the nationally representative Skills and Employment Surveys (SES) carried out at regular intervals from 1986 to 2012. These surveys collect data from workers themselves thereby providing a unique picture of trends in job quality. The book is concerned both with wage and non-wage inequalities (focusing, in particular on skills, training, task discretion, work intensity, organizational participation, and job security), and how these inequalities relate to class, gender, contract status, unionisation, and type of employer. Amid rising wage inequality there has nevertheless been some improvement in the relative job quality experienced by women, part-time employees, and temporary workers. Yet the book reveals the remarkable persistence of major inequalities in the working conditions of other categories of employee across periods of both economic boom and crisis. Beginning with a theoretical overview, before describing the main data series, this book examines how job quality differs between groups and across time.
HIV/AIDS and the world of work : fourth item on the agenda
"We can work it out" : final report of the transnational cooperation
Diversity at work
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
The effect of discrimination on job performance and job satisfaction
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Sexual discrimination and sexual harassment in the work place
Foundations of employment discrimination law
Beyond the workfare state : labour markets, equalities and human rights
The whole woman
Gender inequality : a comparative study of discrimination and participation
Abstract: Discrimination is one of the most controversial phenomena to challenge the Human Resources (HR) function in the work place. It has been discussed in depth by sociologists, politicians and lawyers and remains a topical issue. Despite advances gender discrimination still persists, and continues to be experienced by women in the contemporary work space. Purpose - As job satisfaction has been shown to directly affect business performance, there has been increased interest in how job satisfaction can be improved through effective human resource management. Therefore, this study will attempt to discover the empirical factors that could determine the satisfaction levels of workers in the UK, and this research will also examine whether the gender of workers determines any differences in the levels of satisfaction. Methodology - This study uses theories to compare job satisfaction and performance. The major determinant being gender equality and focusing on whether there is correlation between equality and job satisfaction. Findings - Even though job satisfaction and equal treatment of women and men does not necessarily bring about better performance and productivity; however the reverse affects the work environment negatively. Keeping employees satisfied is one method of keeping companies productive. Moreover motivating workers with more responsibility and challenge makes workplaces healthier. Research limitations - This research focuses on the UK job market; however it a vital issue to extend this to other countries and in better detail. Practical implications - This study intends to present understanding of those variables that are likely to determine the satisfaction of women employees, and the author hopes that company managers will find these findings valuable to adopt opportunities to motivate workers more effectively to raise their levels of satisfaction and commitment. Original value - This study offers findings that are valuable and original as the focus will examine whether the gender of workers could determine their job satisfaction, and how this influences the productivity and performance of organisations.
Manhood on the line : working-class masculinities in the American heartland
Gender divide and the computer game industry
Diversity - an opportunity in working life : guide to promoting equality and preventing discrimination in the workplace
1) Introduction, 2) Instructions for the ladder (Purpose of Use), 3) Levels of Diversity of an organisation, 4) Anti-discriminationTest, 5) Summaries of models created by the Join Project which are examples of tested work methods for equality work (Introduction on Good Practices)
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 15, Labour law : Chapter 10 : Equality of treatment in employment
Anti-discriminatory practice in counselling and psychotherapy
Ethnicity [and] race : critical concepts in social work
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Forked : a new standard for American dining
Gender at work
Act on Equality Between Women and Men
Unequal treatment : a study in the neo-classical theory of discrimination
Unequal Britain at work
Sex stratification : children, housework, and jobs
Trade union practices on anti-discrimination and diversity : European Trade Union anti-discrimination and diversity study: innovative and significant practices in fighting discrimination and promoting diversity : report
Race, gender, and the labor market : inequalities at work
Race code : the artistic and design process of the media art installation
Sexual and gender minorities at work
Sex and the workplace
The economics of women, men, and work
Helsingin yliopiston syrjinnän vastainen suunnitelma = Plan mot diskriminering vid Helsingfors universitet = University of Helsinki policy against discrimination
Labour law in English
Preventing racism at the workplace : a report on 16 European countries
Women and minorities have entered higher paying occupations, but their overall earnings still lag behind those of white men. Why? Looking nationwide at workers across all employment levels and occupations, the author examines the unexpected ways that prejudice and workplace discrimination continue to plague the labor market. He probes the mechanisms by which race and sex groups are sorted into "appropriate" jobs, showing how the resulting segregation undercuts earnings. He also uses an innovative integration of race-sex queuing and segmented-market theories to show how economic and social contexts shape these processes. His analysis reveals how race, sex, stereotyping, and devaluation interact to create earnings disparities, shedding new light on a vicious cycle that continues to the leave women and minorities behind.
The working lives of Deaf Americans from the mid-1850s to the post-World War II era depended upon strategies created by Deaf community leaders to win and keep jobs through periods of low national employment as well as high. Deaf people typically sought to de-emphasize their identity as sign language users to be better integrated into the workforce. But in his absorbing new book Illusions of Equality, Robert Buchanan shows that events during the next century would thwart these efforts.  The residential schools for deaf students established in the 19th century favored a bilingual approach to education that stressed the use of American Sign Language while also recognizing the value of learning English. But the success of this system was disrupted by the rise of oralism, with its commitment to teaching deaf children speech and its ban of sign language. Buchanan depicts the subsequent ramifications in sobering terms: most deaf students left school with limited educations and abilities that qualified them for only marginal jobs. He also describes the insistence of the male hierarchy in the Deaf community on defending the tactics of individual responsibility through the end of World War II, a policy that continually failed to earn job security for Deaf workers. Illusions of Equality is an original, edifying work that will be appreciated by scholars and students for years to come.
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
Sports law
Inappropriate treatment : instructions for preventing and dealing with harassment and inappropriate treatment at work
Autism equality in the workplace : removing barriers and challenging discrimination
Labour law, work, and family : critical and comparative perspectives
Discrimination : the limits of law
A practical guide to equal employment opportunity. Vol. 2
Does Country of Origin Matter within the Enlarged European Union? : Applicants ̀ Nationality and Recruiters ̀ National In-group Identification as Predictors of Recruiters ̀ Attitudes towards Employing a Foreign Trained Medical Professional in Finland
Discrimination in the Finnish labor market : an overview and a field experiment on recruitment
Disabled people in Britain and discrimination : a case for anti-discrimination legislation
Just a number : an international legal analysis on age discrimination
Domino : a manual to use peer group education as a means to fight racism, xenophobia, anti-semitism and intolerance
The annual report on the situation regarding racism and xenophobia in the member states of the EU : EUMC 2006
Illusions of equality : deaf americans in school and factory 1850-1950
Women in public relations : how gender influences practice
Inappropriate treatment at work : guidelines for preventing and dealing with harassment and inappropriate treatment in the workplace
Microeconomics : principles and policy
Employment discrimination law
Gender inequalities in the 21st century : new barriers and continuing constraints
The equal opportunities handbook : how to recognise diversity, encourage fairness and promote anti-discriminatory practice
The limits of employment discrimination law in the United States and European Community
A practical guide to equal employment opportunity. Vol. 1
Combatting racism in the workplace : a course for workers
Age discrimination : an historical and contemporary analysis
Equality at work : tackling the challenges : global report under the follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
Report on equality between women and men - 2009
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
Race and sex discrimination
Key concepts in anti-discriminatory social work
Handbook on well-being of working women
Civil rights and employment discrimination law
EEC employment cases from Common Market Law Reports. Vol. 2, Sex discrimination and redundancy
Guide to the Travaux Préparatoires of the United Nations convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
The sex of labour law in Europe
Cases and materials on employment discrimination
Racism in Europe : a challenge for youth policy and youth work
Discrimination, sickness absence, and labor market policy
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--Provided by publisher.
An "examination of what we don't talk about when we talk about restaurants: Is the line cook working through a case of stomach flu because he doesn't get paid sick days? Is the busser not being promoted because he speaks with an accent? Is the server tolerating sexual harassment because tips are her only income? ... [This book] offers an insider's view of the highest--and lowest--scoring restaurants for worker pay and benefits in each sector of the restaurant industry, and with it, a new way of thinking about how and where we eat"--Amazon.com.
Equine Assisted Activities in Finland : The current situation from the point of view of the people working in the field
New Slavery : a refence handbook
Equality, diversity and inclusion at work : a research companion
Anti-racist social work : a challenge for white practitioners and educators
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Combating sexual harassment at work
Changing labour markets in Europe : the role of institutions and policies
Justifications for sex discrimination in employment
Employment discrimination law : cases and materials
Sex discrimination in the Swedish labor market : present situation and legal practices
The existence and development of elderly human resources versus age discrimination
The manufacture of disadvantage : stigma and social closure
Discrimination law : text, cases and materials
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
Sexual harassment is overwhelmingly a problem of women workers. It has nothing to do with normal interaction between the sexes: it denotes scorn of another person, and is used to establish or prove power over others. Sexual harassment produces feelings of revulsion, violation, disgust, anger and powerlessness. Good managers know that it is in the long-term interest of the enterprise to ensure that their employees are treated with respect. While effective legal remedies are necessary, it is also important to ensure that the problem ceases, or better still, never starts. Thus, preventive measures are especially important. This issue of the Conditions of Work Digest is essential reading for employers, personnel managers, trade unionists and all those in governmental and non-governmental circles who are committed to justice and dignity at work.
Employment discrimination law : cases and materials : 1999 case and statutory supplement
Black labor and the American legal system. 1, Race, work, and the law
Making gender work : managing equal opportunities
Stories employers tell : race, skill, and hiring in America
Anti-oppressive practice in resettlement work : a study of social worker awareness and practice
Tasa-arvon tikapuut : työkalu viranomaisen yhdenvertaisuustyön kehittämiseksit = Ladder of Equality : An Instrument to Support Authorities' Equality Work
European conference on preventing racism at the workplace : Madrid, 15-16 November 1995 : proceedings
Gender inequality at work
