http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28224 men's literature
men's literature male literature
The death of Bunny Munro
The butler did it : reader involvement in male detective fiction
The fall of light
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Firefighters and what they do
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
A little life : a novel
Devil's gate
al-Rajul al-khaffī = Invisible man
Audition
Don't want to miss a thing
Tochwyatis : a fantasy novel
Flesh and the word : an anthology of gay erotic writing. 3
All that man is
A dictionary of legal quotations
Pierre, or, the ambiguities : the Kraken edition
Frankenstein : or, the modern Prometheus
The bridge
Stay out of the basement
The immigrant's return : Italian male and female images in five American novels
The bedroom secrets of the master chefs
Sound
Frankenstein, or, the modern Prometheus
The lay of the land
The girl with the dragon tattoo and philosophy : everything is fire
The peacock throne
Americanah
In the shadow of Lauri Honko
Henry James and masculinity : the man at the margins
The invisible man
Pericles : a sourcebook and reader
Torn
One last thing before I go
This charming man
The other
The English gentleman : images and ideals in literature and society
Judge and jury
The hypocritical and unholy trinity : homosociality, homophobia and repressed homoeroticism in Irvine Welsh's Filth and Marabou stork nightmares
We are not ourselves : a novel
A historical catalogue of scientists and scientific books from the earliest times to the close of the nineteenth century
After me comes the flood
What to do when someone dies
The art of drowning
Deceptiveness of gender in Willa Cather's novels My Ántonia, One of ours and a lost lady
Filth
Ready player one
The school for husbands
The handmaid's tale
Before I go to sleep : a novel
Writing masculinities : male narratives in twentieth-century fiction
Me before you
Sabbath's theater
The story of Kullervo
Blonde Faith
Taking it like a man : white masculinity, masochism, and contemporary American culture
Pericles, Greece's greatest statesman and the leader of its Golden Age, created the Parthenon and championed democracy in Athens and beyond. Centuries of praise have endowed him with the powers of a demigod, but what did his friends, associates, and fellow citizens think of him? In Pericles: A Sourcebook and Reader, Stephen V. Tracy visits the fifth century B.C. to find out. Tracy compiles and translates the scattered, elusive primary sources relating to Pericles. He brings Athens's political atmosphere to life with archaeological evidence and the accounts of those close to Pericles, including Thucydides, Aristophanes, Herodotus, Protagoras, Sophocles, Lysias, Xenophon, Plato, and Plutarch. Readers will discover Pericles as a formidable politician, a persuasive and inspiring orator, and a man full of human contradictions.
Bodyguard. Hostage
Double talk : the erotics of male literary collaboration
Postcards from the heart
Italian shoes
The next big thing
Ghost ship
Two more pints
Male subjectivity at the margins
A man called Ove
The Pontypandy pioneers
Suomen merimuseo = The Maritime Museum of Finland : annual report 1993
Polar shift : [a Kurt Austin adventure] : a novel from the NUMA files
The ex factor
Across the Great Divide : cultures of manhood in the American West
The fall
Victorian masculinities : manhood and masculine poetics in early Victorian literature and art
Polar shift : a novel from the NUMA files
The soft talkers
