http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28278 posthumanism
posthumanism
Technology and identity in young adult fiction : the posthuman subject
Animal rites : American culture, the discourse of species, and posthumanist theory
Relating with the other in naturecultures : ethics and well-being in Elfquest comics
Children's literature and the posthuman : animal, environment, cyborg
Contact at liminal borders : challenging the hyperseparation of the human and non-human in Philip K. Dick's Do Androids Drem of Electric Sheep?
Posthumanism and educational research
Identity troubles : an introduction
The hidden God : pragmatism and posthumanism in American thought
Critical humanisms : humanist/anti-humanist dialogues
This timely book examines the rise of posthumanism as both a material condition and a developing philosophical-ethical project in the age of cloning, gene engineering, organ transplants and implants. Nayar first maps the political and philosophical critiques of traditional humanism, revealing its exclusionary and 'speciesist' politics that position the human as a distinctive and dominant life form. He then contextualizes the posthumanist vision which, drawing upon biomedical, engineering and techno-scientific studies, concludes that human consciousness is shaped by its co-evolution with other life forms, and our human form inescapably influenced by tools and technology. Finally the book explores posthumanism's roots in disability studies, animal studies and bioethics to underscore the constructed nature of 'normalcy' in bodies, and the singularity of species and life itself. As this book powerfully demonstrates, posthumanism marks a radical reassessment of the human as constituted by symbiosis, assimilation, difference and dependence upon and with other species. Mapping the terrain of these far-reaching debates, Posthumanism will be an invaluable companion to students of cultural studies and modern and contemporary literature.
The vegan studies project : food, animals, and gender in the age of terror
The Cambridge Companion to Literature and the Posthuman is the first work of its kind to gather diverse critical treatments of the posthuman and posthumanism together in a single volume. Fifteen scholars from six different countries address the historical and aesthetic dimensions of posthuman figures alongside posthumanism as a new paradigm in the critical humanities. The three parts and their chapters trace the history of the posthuman in literature and other media, including film and video games; and identifies major political, philosophical, and techno-scientific issues raised in the literary and cinematic narratives of the posthuman and posthumanist discourses.
"Technology and Identity in Young Adult Fiction examines the textual representation of technology in young adult fiction in a way that has rarely been attempted before. It is not a historical study or a survey of narrative plots, but instead takes a more conceptual approach that engages with the central ideas of posthumanism: such as the fragmented nature of posthuman identity, the concept of agency as distributed and collective and the role of embodiment in understandings of selfhood. Arguing that Young Adult fiction is on the cusp of a substantive paradigm shift, this book analyses the novels of emerging authors such as Cory Doctorow, Marissa Meyer and Mary E. Pearson. It demonstrates that these emerging writers are increasingly representing technology in a positive light that clearly resonates with posthumanism's interest in how technology can produce new and innovative forms of selfhood and identity"--
"Focusing on the interdependence between human, animal, and machine, posthumanism redefines the meaning of the human being previously assumed in knowledge production. This movement challenges some of the most foundational concepts in educational theory and has implications within educational research, curriculum design and pedagogical interactions. In this volume, a group of international contributors use posthumanist theory to present new modes of institutional collaboration and pedagogical practice. They position posthumanism as a comprehensive theoretical project with connections to philosophy, animal studies, environmentalism, feminism, biology, queer theory and cognition. Researchers and scholars in curriculum studies and philosophy of education will benefit from the new research agendas presented by posthumanism"--
Critical animal studies : thinking the unthinkable
The Cambridge companion to literature and the posthuman
Hope and grief in the anthropocene : re-conceptualising human-nature relations
