http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28259 bibliographic description
bibliographic description
Indexing and abstracting in theory and practice
Dublin Core -metadataformaatin suomalainen versio = Finnish version of Dublin Core metadata elements
The intellectual foundation of information organization
Information resource description : creating and managing metadata
Introducing RDA : a guide to the basics
ISBD : International Standard Bibliographic Description
Organizing information : from the shelf to the web
Providing effective access to information resources remains a critical role of the information professional in today's digital world. If anything, it has become an even greater challenge, as domains converge and the amount of information available continues to grow exponentially. This book provides a systematic overview of the ways in which information resources are being described so as to facilitate their access across a wide range of contexts. The focus is on metadata used in contemporary systems and environments: Who creates it? How is it created? What makes some better than others? How is it shared? Information Resource Description serves as a primer on the rewarding field of information organization. It integrates the rich traditions of established fields, such as librarianship and archival studies, with emerging ones, such as information architecture and the Semantic Web, to produce a commentary on the enduring value and relevance of indexing and description for those interested in providing quality information. This commentary is based on fundamental concepts represented by key standards such as Functional Requirements for Bibliographic Records (FRBR), Resource Description and Access (RDA), and the Resource Description Framework (RDF). Key topics include: information resource attributes, metadata tools and systems, metadata sources, metadata quality, sharing metadata, metadata standards, vocabularies, the future of metadata. This book is essential reading for LIS students taking information organization courses at undergraduate and postgraduate levels, information professionals wishing to specialize in the metadata field, and existing metadata specialists who wish to update their knowledge.
FAST : Faceted Application of Subject Terminology : principles and applications
Crash course in basic cataloging with RDA
Introduction to modern information retrieval
Managing cataloging and the organization of information : philosophies, practices and challenges at the onset of the 21st century
Wynar's introduction to cataloging and classification
This concise guide to cataloging with RDA: Resource Description and Access specifically hones in on the needs of those seeking a simplified path to creating basic RDA records. First describing foundational RDA concepts and vocabulary, Brenndorfer then distills RDA instructions, matching them to cataloging practice in easy-to-follow language. Current with RDA instructions through the April 2015 update to RDA, this guide makes an excellent primer while also serving as a bridge to more complex cataloging.
Organizing knowledge : an introduction to managing access to information
