http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28235 parenting guides
parenting guides
Growing up happy
Calmer, easier, happier parenting
Neuroscientist Dr Jenny Barnett, and teacher and mum Alexia Barrable describe scientifically-proven methods by which children's happiness can be boosted in just a few minutes each day. With easy-to-use activities for toddlers through to teenagers, this book steers the reader through simple and practical ways, grounded in scientific research, to enhance children's - and adults' - day-to-day happiness.
Keys to parenting your anxious child : Expert advice and practical strategies to help children cope in today's world
Self-reg : how to help your child (and you) break the stress cycle and successfully engage with life
For many children and teens daily Internet use is the norm - but where should we draw the line when it comes to digital media usage? This handy book lays out the essential information needed to understand and prevent excessive Internet use that negatively impacts behaviour, education, family life, and even physical health. Martin L. Kutscher, MD analyses neurological, psychological and educational research and draws on his own experience to show when Internet use stops being a good thing and starts to become excessive. He shows how to spot digital addictions, and offers whole family approaches for limiting the harmful effects of too much screen time, such as helping kids to learn to control their own Internet use. He tackles diverse questions ranging from the effects of laptops in the classroom and reading on a digital screen, to whether violent videogames lead to aggression. The author also explains how ADHD and Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) can make you more susceptible to Internet addiction, suggesting practical strategies to suit these specific needs. Discussing both the good and bad aspects of the internet, this book tells you everything you need to know to help children and young people use the internet in a healthy, balanced way.
The gentle parenting book : how to raise calmer, happier children from birth to seven
Untangled : guiding teenage girls through the seven transitions into adulthood
Childcraft. 16, Parent Guide and Index
Raising your spirited child : a guide for parents whose child is more intense, sensitive, perceptive, persistent, and energetic
Offers a new framework for understanding and raising children based on self-regulation -- the process by which a child (or indeed a parent) can get 'in the zone' -- a receptive state of calm alertness that allows you to approach any task in a state of balance. Learning the art of self-regulation can help children learn to deal with experiences, overcome frustration, learn to pay better attention, control impulses, engage better with others and learn about the world. Hundreds of thousands of children who have gone through the programme have shown significant improvement in literacy, numeracy and behaviour. Now, his groundbreaking research is being published for the first time in this timely and practical guide for parents.
Calmer, easier, happier boys
Digital kids : how to balance screen time, and why it matters
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
The opposite of spoiled : raising kids who are grounded, generous, and smart about money
