http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28266 business subsidies
business subsidies
This project thesis has been commissioned by our client to focus on the creation of a user-friendly manual, describing the financial support instruments available for SMEs from the Finnish development agencies Finnvera and Tekes. The manual will focus on the SMEs in the field of services, specifically in the Experience industry.     In addition to the manual itself, we have provided an assessment tool to evaluate the effectiveness of the financial instruments  to be used in further research and development. The thesis report contains the key definitions plus an effective introduction to the key development agencies, in order to comprehend conceptually the scope of the project. The role of public agencies in public funding is discussed and the project's framework describes how the thesis question is set and addressed through the production of the manual. Further on, the thesis report reveals the various phases undertaken during the project's development process and the rationale behind these. The conclusions section provides an interesting summary of our key findings during the creation of the manual, which could inspire further research.    The project was completed during the year 2011. It was carried out following a similar path that an SME  would undertake by searching via internet for funding opportunities from Finnvera and Tekes. The information presented in the manual is the result of a massive information search, plus a thorough filtering, reformatting and summarizing visually in order to simplify and accelerate the access to relevant information, and the decision making for the target companies.     The project has been a highly valuable learning process about the role of the development agencies in Finland, the financing instruments available for SMEs, the conversion of massive information into well-structured and highly usable knowledge, and finally, the evaluation of these instruments. Additionally, the process of elaborating the financial manual has revealed several of the key strengths and weaknesses of the agencies' current funding portfolio.
Females as transferors and successors : Greek perspektive
How to transfer Public Private Partnership methods to Poland in business centre project
High-growth SME support initiatives in nine countries : analysis, categorization, and recommendations : report prepared for the Finnish Ministry of Trade and Industry
Business subsidies and employment of firms : overall evaluation and regional extensions
European economy. Reports and studies. 1999, 3, State aid and the single market
SME financial support instruments in Finland : Finnvera and Tekes
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
The law of state aid in the European Union
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
Governmental support for companies originating from SMOPEG representing different foreign expansion types : comparative study
A theory of incentives in procurement and regulation
Economic studies on higher education and productivity
Public sector services for Finnish  SMEs to internationalize to China  : case "Turku - Tianjin project"
Bureaucrats in business : the economics and politics of government ownership
How to raise money for your small business in Finland
Globalisation and SME : globalisation of economic activities and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) development, Finland
Subsidies and their environmental impact : [suggested framework and some examples from Denmark, Norway and Sweden]
Starting a business in Britain
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
Abstract: Promoting social entrepreneurship.
Government funding of small and medium-sized enterprises in Finland
Activities in favour of SMEs and the craft sector
Business support services for SMEs in Namibia : present state and development
Do wage-subsidies increase employment in firms?
Start-up investment with scare venture capital support
Re-engineering end-user support in distributed organizational computing : moving from a reactive to a proactive mode of operation
Evaluating project deadweight measures: evidence from Finnish business subsidies
Theoretical approach in supporting financial system : through intermediaries of through firms?
Access to business subsidies : what explains complementarities and persistency?
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2005 : ten years in the European Union
SME report 1995
Opening the marketplace to small enterprise : where magic ends and development begins
Process evaluation of business subsidies in Finland : a quantitative approach
Innovation and SMEs : breaking down the barriers to innovation and promoting research for small companies in Europe
SME report 1996.
Abstract: Impacts of aid to business on regional economy.
Government R&D funding and company behaviour : measuring behavioural additionality
Business support programmes : SME policy description, compensation mechanisms and evaluation systems in five countries and in the European Commission : backround paper for the Ministry of Trade and Industry's working group on the Effectiveness of Business Support Programmes
Comparison of public special financing programs for SMEs : Canada, Finland, France, Germany and Norway
Impact of business subsidies on growth of firms : preliminary evidence from Finnish panel data
European Community law of state aid
Spices and herbs for home and market
An evaluation of wage subsidy programs to SMEs utilising propensity score matching
How IT Department Supports the SAP Software Implementation in Hoang Anh Gia Lai Multi-sector Company
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour : a revised approach
The Bridge Program : participant perspectives
SME report 1994.
Market surveillance in the UNECE region
Understanding the small business sector
Reflexive labour law : studies in industrial relations and employment regulation
Does public funding have a halo effect? : evidence from Finnish SMEs
A critical evaluation of industry SME support policies in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. Stage one report, Introduction to SME support policies and their evaluation
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour
Born global growth stages and survival : most important research results and recommendations
Internationalisation of high-tech companies : health care, biotechnology, information technology : Finland, France, Canada
Methods applied in evaluating business subsidy programs : a survey
Taxation and small businesses
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
National systems for financing innovation
Health behavior : standing at the crossroads of a healthy lifestyle
Abstract (1 s.).
Evaluation of the Finnish national innovation system : full report
Hire services by farmers for farmers
State aid law of the European Union
Tax and benefit reform in Central and Eastern Europe
Public provision of business support services in Finland
Locality and dependence : on the relations between enterprises and local governments
Business subsidies in Finland : the dynamics of application and acceptance stages
Econometric studies of public support to entrepreneurship
Beginning of local partnership in Finland : evaluation, interpretation and impressions
Grants and financial alternatives for small and medium sized enterprises in international marketing and the benefits for Elecster Co
Financial incentive systems available in Portugal for productive investment : (summarized description)
Investment, R&D, subsidies and credit constraints
Do business subsidies facilitate employment growth?
Trade finance for small and medium-sized enterprises in CIS countries
Business Link : an integrated business service system in England
A critical evaluation of industry SME support policies in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. Stage two report, An in-depth Delphi study of selected SME support policies and their evaluation
Effects of subsidizing the first employee : empirical evidence from Finland
Vaccination as a good practice
Persistence of government funding in small business finance
The Role of business subsidies : in job creation of start-ups, gazelles and incumbents
Evaluation and monitoring of business aid in Finland : applicant enterprises projects and distributors of aid in industrially declining regions : a quantitative approach
Kera Ltd. : an international evaluation
Analyses on the Finnish high-growth entrepreneurship ecosystem
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
The Finnish fashion enterpreneurship ecosystem
Subsidies For A Starting Wind Energy Co-operative
Do start-up grants affect self-employment duration? : evidence from Finland
Public R&D funding, technological competitiveness, productivity, and job creation
The Dublin Business Innovation Centre : an evaluation report
Information system for facility management (ISFM)
The Finnish Guarantee Board : an international evaluation
Evaluation of deadweight spending in regional enterprise financing
Transfer of business : support services and other measures in Finland
Fourth survey on state aid in the European union in the manufacturing and certain other sectors. European Commission
Evaluation of the Finnish innovation support system
