http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28220 digital humanities
digital humanities
Open Science and Open Cultural Heritage
Rhetoric and the digital humanities
NORLIT 2009 : codex and code. Aestethcis, language and politics in a age of digital media. Stockholm, august 6-9, 2009
The digital humanities and Islamic & Middle East studies
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
A new republic of letters : memory and scholarship in the age of digital reproduction
"Introduces programming to readers with a background in the arts and humanities; there are no prerequisites, and no knowledge of computation is assumed ... The book uses Python and Processing, both of which are free software, as the primary programming languages"--
"With increasing interest being shown in participatory research models, whether it be Wikipedia, World of Warcraft, participatory writing (like Montfort et al's 10 Print or Laurel et al's Design Research) or the more traditional communal research cultures of the arts collective or engineering lab, the Humanities is increasingly relying on computational tools to do the 'heavy lifting' necessary to process all of this information. Hermeneuti.ca, as its name implies, is about hermeneutical things--the computing tools of research that are usually hidden--how to use them, and how they are interpretative objects to be understood. Hermeneuti.ca is both a book and also a web site (http://hermeneuti.ca) that shows the interactive text analysis tools woven into the book. Essentially, Hermeneuti.ca is both a text about computer-assisted methods and a collection of analytical tools called Voyant (http://voyant-tools.org) that instantiate the authors ideas. While there is a definitely an emphasis on classic Digital Humanities work (corpus analysis, information retrieval, etc.), there is also a focus on the development of software as part of a project of knowledge that encompasses the idea of software as an active part of knowledge production that brings this book into the Software Studies series"--Provided by publisher.
Digital humanities in the library : challenges and opportunities for subject specialists
Exploratory programming for the arts and humanities
Hermeneutica : computer-assisted interpretation in the humanities
Between humanities and the digital
Research methods for reading digital data in the digital humanities
Digital Humanities has become one of the new domains of academe at the interface of technological development, epistemological change, and methodological concerns. This volume explores how digital material might be read or utilized in research, whether that material is digitally born as fanfiction, for example, mostly is, or transposed from other sources. The volume asks questions such as what happens when text is transformed from printed into digital matter, and how that impacts on the methods we bring to bear on exploring that technologized matter, for example in the case of digital editions. Issues such as how to analyse visual material in digital archives or Twitter feeds, how to engage in data mining, what it means to undertake crowd-sourcing, big data, and what digital network analyses can tell us about online interactions are dealt with. This will give Humanities researchers ideas for doing digitally based research and also suggest ways of engaging with new digital research methods.
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
