http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28231 coastal communities
coastal communities
Macroalgae across environmental gradients : tools for managing rocky coastal areas of the northern Baltic Sea
Selected papers of the NaGISA World Congress 2006 : edited by P. Robin Rigby and Yoshihisa Shirayama
Village artists' colonies were extremely popular across Europe towards the close of the nineteenth century. They were not rustic retreats for dreamers, but highly-motivated, international forums for experiment and debate, at the cutting edge of artistic change. This study asserts that once the ideological decision was made to go to the countryside then practical considerations sustained these rural communities. The artists and their hosts were as varied as the topographies they inhabited, but coasts proved the most valuable option. The traditional stoic fisherfolk witnessed the sudden growth in the leisure industry, all of which helped to inspire generations of painters. This synopsis places the movement in context, using an holistic approach and bringing together a wide range of influences, such as innovations in technology, transport, hoteliers, art dealers, print-publishing and the modern art market.
Recent eutrophication of coastal waters in southern Finland : a palaeolimnological assessment
Blue mussel beds as biodiversity hotspots on the rocky shores of the northern Baltic Sea
The biological effects of oil pollution on littoral communities : proceedings of a symposium held at the Orielton Field Centre, Pembroke, Wales, on 17th, 18th and 19th February 1968
Nutrient enrichment and water depth modify consumer control in rocky shore macroalgal communities
Not forgetting the whale
Wildlife in a changing climate
A bibliography for the anthropological study of fishing industries and maritime communities
Globalisation : studies in anthropology
Scottish life and society : a compendium of Scottish ethnology. Vol. 4, Boats, fishing and the sea
Fishermen no more? : livelihood and environment in southern Thai maritime villages
Political economy of Bronze- and Iron Age societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Power and restructuring : Canada's coastal society and environment
Tourism, resource access and power's modalities in Zanzibar, Tanzania : examining the linkages between tourism, coastal communities and the coastal environment
The many
Stories of sea and shore
Species and environment : Proceedings of the International meeting on "The Urbanization and the Protection of the Natural Biocoenosis in the Baltic Coasts" : Proceedings of the Scientific Symposium on "Species and its Productivity in the Distribution Area", Juodkranté, Lithuania 4-8 October 1994
Artists on the edge : the rise of coastal artists' colonies, 1880-1920 : with particular reference to artists' communities around the North Sea
Fishery, trade and piracy : fishermen and fishermen's settlements in and around the North Sea area in the Middle Ages and later : papers from the colloquium at Oostende-Raversijde, Provincial Museum Walraversijde, Belgium, 21-23 November 2003 = Visserij, handel en piraterij : vissers en vissersnederzettingen in en rond de Noordzee in de Middeleeuwen en later : bijdragen van het colloquium in Oostende-Raversijde, Provincial Museum Walraversijde, België, 21-23 November 2003
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Mr Mac and me
Livelihoods and environment in southern Thai maritime villages
The Many
Polycentric governance and development : readings from the workshop in political theory and policy analysis
