http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28212 performance studies
performance studies
Tragedy performances outside Athens in the late fifth and the fourth centuries BC
Musical listening in the age of technological reproduction
Recorded music : philosophical and critical reflections
The anthropology of performance : a reader
In praise of comedy : a study in its theory and practice
Visual explanations : images and quantities, evidence and narrative
Episodi (“Episode”) is a series published by the Theatre Academy of the University of the Arts. This fourth Episodi This and That – Essays on Live Art and Performance Studies features a text on performance art by professor Ray Langenbach and consists of writings by students of the MA Degree programme in Live Art and Performance Studies, Jenni Kokkomäki, Ellen Jeffrey, Kaisa Illukka, as well as by participants in the fourth international festival and conference on Live Art and Performance Studies, Lapsody, in June 2013, Moritz Gansen and Elisabeth Schilling, Megan Armishaw, Iona Jucan and James Andean. Moreover, the collection contains a text on somatic materialism by professor Susan Kozel, an essay by doctoral student Rania Khalil, and a paper on gesture by the editor, Annette Arlander.
Popular music. 4, Performers and audiences
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 3, Advanced analysis
The archive and the repertoire : performing cultural memory in the Americas
Mapping scientific frontiers : the quest for knowledge visualization
How to write and illustrate a scientific paper
PASW statistics 18 : guide to data analysis
The Cambridge companion to Shakespeare on stage
Identifying emotional and psychological abuse : a guide for childcare professionals
After live : possibility, potentiality, and the future of performance
Singing the past : Turkic and medieval heroic poetry
This text consists of two parts, with an introduction and an epilogue. In the first part I discuss the notion of landscape briefly. In the second part I describe an example of a practice of performing landscape and discuss some of its aspects that might be useful for understanding or developing related practices. Finally, as an epilogue, I take up the question of how to speak of the environment.
In the dark of the blackout before the curtain rises, the theater holds its many worlds suspended on the verge of appearance. How can a performance sustain this sense of potentiality that grounds all live production? Or if a stage-world does begin, what kinds of future might appear within its frame? Conceiving of the theater as a cultural institution devoted to experimenting with the future, this book begins and ends on the dramatic stage; in between it traverses literature, dance, sculpture, and performance art to explore the various futures we make in a live event. After Live conceives of traditional dramatic theater as a place for taming the future and then conceptualizes how performance beyond this paradigm might stage the unruly nature of futurity. Chapters offer insights into the plays of Beckett, Churchill, Eno, and Gombrowicz, devised theater practices, and include an extended exploration of the Italian director Romeo Castellucci. Through the lens of potentiality, other chapters present novel approaches to minimalist sculpture and dance, then reflect on how the beholder him or herself is called upon to perform when confronted by such work.
Modern British playwriting. The 1990s : voices, documents, new interpretations
In his doctoral research Tero Nauha develops models for thinking and practice where artistic research and practice become critical tools against the presumed immanence of capitalism. The research consists of three artistic works which create a critical inquiry on the biopolitical management of subjectivity. It produces a critical argument counter to the philosophical assertions of schizoanalysis being one of the first inquiries in artistic research where the post-structural theory of Gilles Deleuze and Félix Guattari is set in the context of immaterial labour and political theory of the post-industrial capitalism.
To laugh or not to laugh : performing the comic elements of Twelfth night
Handbook of Big Data
Shakespeare for all time
Performance analysis : an introductory coursebook
SPSS survival manual : a step by step guide to data analysis using IBM SPSS
This timely collaboration by three prominent scholars of media-based performance presents a new model for understanding and analyzing theater and performance created and experienced where time-based, live events, and mediated technologies converge–particularly those works conceived and performed explicitly within the context of contemporary digital culture. Performance and Media introduces readers to the complexity of new media-based performances and how best to understand and contextualize the work. Each author presents a different model for how best to approach this work, while inviting readers to develop their own critical frameworks, i.e., taxonomies, to analyze both past and emerging performances. Performance and Media capitalizes on the advantages of digital media and online collaborations, while simultaneously creating a responsive and integrated resource for research, scholarship, and teaching. Unlike other monographs or edited collections, this book presents the concept of multiple taxonomies as a model for criticism in a dynamic and rapidly changing field.
Who are you?
African oral literature : backgrounds, character, and continuity
What does 'performance theory' really mean and why has it become so important across such a large number of disciplines, from art history to religious studies and architecture to geography? In this introduction Simon Shepherd explains the origins of performance theory, defines the terms and practices within the field and provides new insights into performance's wide range of definitions and uses. Offering an overview of the key figures, their theories and their impact, Shepherd provides a fresh approach to figures including Erving Goffman and Richard Schechner and ideas such as radical art practice, performance studies, radical scenarism and performativity. Essential reading for students, scholars and enthusiasts, this engaging account travels from universities into the streets and back again to examine performance in the context of political activists and teachers, countercultural experiments and feminist challenges, and ceremonies and demonstrations.
Composer, performer, public : A study in communication
Performance in the twenty-first century : theatres of engagement
This and that : essays on live art and performance studies
Converging perspectives : writings on performance art
The ballad today : proceedings of the 13th international folk ballad conference
Postmodern/drama : reading the contemporary stage
Brecht : Mother Courage and her children
Landscape as playground : the environmental experience of landscape as fictional and real in a performance
The Winter's tale in performance in England and America 1611-1976
This scientific work concentrates on the question: How do relations between elements have to be set up so that a poetic encounter in public urban space can emerge? This thesis is based on two practical research projects Kallio my Kallio at the Theatre Academy Helsinki (held between 15th March and 15th May 2011) and The City of Dream and Futureii at Space MASS in Seoul (held between 1st September and 27th November 2011).    Two answer the research question I examined also the following questions in this text: how does the recipient encounter performance art in public urban space and vice versa?   How do people encounter poetic moments?   When does such a moment start, when does it end? What is a poetic moment? Does one have to be prepared for such a moment in order to be able to see it?  My first approach in this thesis is that of perception.   For me perception as a ground and starting basis of all cognition finds its true supreme discipline in artistic research.   My second approach is intervention as it is discussed under the term action in chapter two. I have defined this free space that is to be designed as a space of poetic encounter in chapter three.   For this, I use a social-poetical performance practice as a design tool, which I would like to introduce here as a contribution to the discussion on the way to a possible open city.    This thesis investigates visual prerequisites, eephemeral phenomena that enable a poetic encounter in public space to emerge and to be reflected in the mode of playing.  I have tried to figure out that through serious play an energetic space will be constituted in the streets of a district and that bymeans of this energetic space, the passers-by will get one more possibility to read the action.   Based on my personal belief that each human being is insular and cannot get out of that insularity, but that there are strog moments when somewhere finds an intersection with someone else,   when an idea of something enters the space, poetic encounter is possible in any situation and for anyone. You do not have to be prepared for such a moment, to encounter.
By contrasting two specific performances on the same theme - one an 'immersive' experience and the other a more conventional theatrical production - Nandita Dinesh explores the ways in which theatrical form impacts upon actors and audiences. An in-depth case study of her work Pinjare (Cages) sets out the 'hows' and 'whys' of her specific aesthetic framework. Memos from a Theatre Lab places Dinesh's practical work within the context of existing analyses of Immersive Theatre, using this investigation to generate an underpinning theory of how Immersive Theatre works for its participants.
Performance in the Twenty-First Century: Theatres of Engagement addresses the reshaping of theatre and performance after postmodernism. Andy Lavender argues provocatively that after the "classic" postmodern tropes of detachment, irony, and contingency, performance in the twenty-first century engages more overtly with meaning, politics and society. It involves a newly pronounced form of personal experience, often implicating the body and/or one's sense of self. This volume examines a range of performance events, including work by both emergent and internationally significant companies and artists such as Rimini Protokoll, Blast Theory, dreamthinkspeak, Zecora Ura, Punchdrunk, Ontroerend Goed, Kris Verdonck, Dries Verhoeven, Rabih Mroue, Derren Brown and David Blaine. It also considers a wider range of cultural phenomena such as online social networking, sports events, installations, games-based work and theme parks, where principles of performance are in play. Performance in the Twenty-First Century is a compelling and provocative resource for anybody interested in discovering how performance theory can be applied to cutting-edge culture, and indeed the world around them.
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 1, Elementary basics
Performance study in the Finnish way
The Cambridge introduction to performance theory
Comparative research on oral traditions : a memorial for Milman Parry
Ibsen : A doll's house
Graphical representation of statistical results in medical research
Graphs, maps, trees : abstract models for a literary history
Otherwise : imagining queer feminist art histories
Rooms with a view : the stages of community in the modern theater
Performance, identity, and the neo-political subject
Becoming juniper : performing landscape as artistic research
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
The Interpretation of Early Music
Researching the small enterprise
Occasional papers. 2
As European theatre directors become a familiar presence on international stages and a new generation of theatre makers absorbs their impulses, this study develops fresh perspectives on Regie, the Continental European tradition of staging playtexts. Leaving behind unhelpful cliches that pit, above all, the director against the playwright, Peter M. Boenisch stages playful encounters between Continental theatre and Continental philosophy. The contemporary Regie work of Thomas Ostermeier, Frank Castorf, Ivo van Hove, Guy Cassiers, tg STAN, and others, here meets the works of Friedrich Schiller and Leopold Jessner, Hegelian speculative dialectics, and the critical philosophy of Jacques Ranciere and Slavoj Zizek in order to explore the thinking of Regie - how to think Regie, and how Regie thinks.
Language, culture and tradition : papers on language and folklore presented at the Annual Conference of the British Sociological Association, April 1978
The impact of performance as research : proceedings of Carpa3 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Studying musical theatre : theory and practice
Case of emergency : emergent writings on live art and performance
Mapping it out : expository cartography for the humanities and social sciences
Music on show : issues of performance
Dramas of Culture : Theory, History, Performance
The visual display of quantitative information
Homemade academic circus : idiosyncratically embodied explorations into research in the arts and circus
Memos from a theatre lab : exploring what immersive theatre 'does'
Preparing scientific illustrations : a guide to better posters, presentations, and publications
Beckett : waiting for Godot
Schizoproduction : artistic research and performance in the context of immanent capitalism
Performance and literature in the commedia dell'arte
A dictionary of theatre anthropology : the secret art of the performer
Postmodern theatric(k)s : monologue in contemporary American drama
Performance and media : taxonomies for a changing field
"Challenging the critique of autoethnography as overly focused on the self, Tami Spry calls for a performative autoethnography that both unsettles the "I" and represents the Other with equal commitment. Expanding on her popular book Body, Paper, Stage, Spry uses a variety of examples, literary forms, and theoretical traditions to reframe this research method as transgressive, liberatory, and decolonizing for both self and Other. Her book  - draws on her own autoethnographic work with jazz musicians, shamans, and other groups; - outlines a utopian performative methodology to spur hope and transformation; - provides concrete guidance on how to implement this innovative methodological approach"--
Contemporary art and anthropology
Homeric soundings : the shaping of the Iliad
How to display data
Picturing the uncertain world : how to understand, communicate, and control uncertainty through graphical display
The non-human and the inhuman in performing arts : bodies, organisms and objects in conflict : proceedings of Carpa4 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Linguistic and literary aspects of free indirect discourse from a typological perspective
The music of Johann Sebastian Bach : the sources, the style, the significance
A world of others' words : cross-cultural perspectives on intertextuality
Wagner and the art of the theatre
Autoethnography and the other : unsettling power through utopian performatives
"Otherwise: Imagining queer feminist art histories" is the first publication to address queer feminist politics, methods and theories in relation to the visual arts, including new media, installation and performance art. Despite the crucial contribution of considerations of 'queer' to feminism in other disciplines of the humanities, and the strong impact of feminist art history on queer visual theory, a visible and influential queer feminist art history has remained elusive. This book fills the gap by offering a range of essays by key North American and European scholars, both emerging and renowned, who address the historiographic and political questions arising from the relationship between art history and queer theory in order to help map exclusions and to offer models of a new queer feminist art historical or curatorial approach.
Theatres for Shakespeare
The social use of metaphor : essays on the anthropology of rhetoric
Overtone singing : physics and metaphysics of harmonics in East and West
The Feminist Spectator as Critic broke new ground as one of the pioneering books on feminist spectatorship, encouraging resistant readings to generate feminist meanings in performance. Approaching live spectatorship through a range of interdisciplinary methods, the book has been foundational in theater studies, performance studies, and gender/sexuality/women's studies. This updated and enlarged second edition celebrates the book's twenty-fifth anniversary with a substantial new introduction and up-to-the-moment bibliography, detailing the progress to date in gender equity in theater and the arts, and suggesting how far we have yet to go.
Directing scenes and senses : the thinking of Regie
Macbeth and its afterlife
Action reconsidered : cognitive aspects of the relation between script and scenic action
Theory/theatre : an introduction
Becoming-singer : cartographies of singing, music-making and opera
Perform or else : from discipline to performance
Now you see it : simple visualization techniques for quantitative analysis
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 2, Multivariate analysis
Visualizing social science research : maps, methods, & meaning
The feminist spectator as critic
The singer of tales in performance
The art of Euripides: dramatic technique and social context
Presenting your research : conferences, symposiums, poster presentations and beyond
Poetic encounter : a hermeneutic journey into the microprocesses of performance art
Exploring twentieth-century vocal music : a practical guide to innovations in performance and repertoire
Brecht and political theatre : the Mother on stage
Quantitative methods for business, management and finance
Happy days : the production notebook of Samuel Beckett
Shakespeare performance studies
