http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2827 experimental methods
experimental methods
Experimental methods
Prehistoric technology : an experimental study of the oldest tools and artefacts from traces of manufacture and wear
Experimental design : procedures for the behavioral sciences
Experimental food science
Experimental methods for engineers
Research methods and statistics : a critical thinking approach
Social experiments : evaluating public programs with experimental methods
Planning of experiments
Practical physics
Vito Acconci : in conversation at Acconci studio, New York, with the Halpern-Rogath curatorial seminar at the Universtity of Pennsylvania
Model-oriented data analysis : proceedings of an IIASA (International institute for applied systems analysis) workshop on data analysis, held at Eisenach, GDR, March 9-13, 1987
Vito Acconci in Conversation at Acconci Studio, New York features a conversation between the artist and architect Vito Acconci and undergraduate students at the University of Pennsylvania. During the 2007-2008 academic year, students in the Halpern-Rogath Seminar in the Department of the History of Art at the University of Pennsylvania explored Vito Acconci's engagement with the experience of power, understood through the activation of specific bounded zones. These have included the page, streets in New York, a basement, galleries, and public environments. Acconci's earliest forays into the realm of architecture in the 1980s marked a major shift in his work from an emphasis on the individual body (often his own) to the social body in an urban context. At the same time, the artist's focus on architecture, the built environment, and relevant social systems has emerged as a natural extension of his earlier interests in probing idiomatic language, the boundaries of the body, and the unstable delineations between private and public spaces. Recognizing the fact that architecture has the power to control the body and the rhythms of daily life, Acconci visualizes structures that perpetuate instability and the possibility of choice on the part of the user. The projects, which are collaborative undertakings with a team of designers and architects, focus on the creation of dynamic circulation systems that bend, twist, ooze, flow, bulge, and ripple across an existing landscape or a body. The course culminated in the exhibition Power Fields: Explorations in the Work of Vito Acconci at Slought Foundation, Philadelphia.
Constructions and combinatorial problems in design of experiments
Procedures in experimental physics
An introduction to experimental design and statistics for biology
A working theory of love
Understanding design of experiments
The methodology of experimental economics
Sample size choice : charts for experiments with linear models
This textbook originates from a lecture course in laser physics at the Karlsruhe School of Optics and Photonics at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT). A main goal in the conception of this textbook was to describe the fundamentals of lasers in a uniform and especially lab-oriented notation and formulation as well as many currently well-known laser types, becoming more and more important in the future. It closes a gap between the measureable spectroscopic quantities and the whole theoretical description and modeling. This textbook contains not only the fundamentals and the context of laser physics in a mathematical and methodical approach important for university-level studies. It allows simultaneously, owing to its conception and its modern notation, to directly implement and use the learned matter in the practical lab work. It is presented in a format suitable for everybody who wants not only to understand the fundamentals of lasers but also use modern lasers or even develop and make laser setups. This book tries to limit prerequisite knowledge and fundamental understanding to a minimum and is intended for students in physics, chemistry and mathematics after a bachelor degree, with the intention to create as much joy and interest as seen among the participants of the corresponding lectures. This university textbook describes in its first three chapters the fundamentals of lasers: light-matter interaction, the amplifying laser medium and the laser resonator. In the fourth chapter, pulse generation and related techniques are presented. The fifth chapter gives a closing overview on different laser types gaining importance currently and in the future. It also contains a set of examples on which the theory learned in the first four chapters is applied and extended.
Experimental and quasi-experimental designs for research
Experiments in organic chemistry
Pre-service teachers' objectives, challenges, and experience of practical work
Experiments in flintworking
Experimental design in psychological research
Experiments in mathematics. Stage 2
Novel animal models and gene therapy applications for glioblastoma multiforme
Electrokinetic drying  of  wood
On the relation of colour preferences to the Szondi drive vectors
Experimenter effects in behavioral research
Introduction to engineering experimentation
Experimental low-temperature physics
The design and analysis of experiments
Design and modeling for computer experiments
Numerical and experimental studies of nonlinear wave loads of ships
How experiments end
Design and analysis of experiments
Experiments : planning, analysis, and optimization
Archaeology of Eastern North America. Vol. 7, no. 1, The basics of biface knapping in the eastern fluted point tradition : a manual for flintknappers and lithic analysts
The theory of the design of experiments
Association schemes : designed experiments, algebra and combinatorics
Experimental design and statistics
Experimental auctions : methods and applications in economic and marketing research
Essays on the rationality of experimentation in economics : the case of preference reversal research
Rationality in economics : constructivist and ecological forms
Chemistry experiments for instrumental methods
The uses of experiment : studies in the natural sciences
Experimental inquiries : historical, philosophical and social studies of experimentation in science
Three-dimensional effects and surface breakdown addressing efficiency and reliability problems in avalanche bipolar junction transistors
An Introduction to Flintworking
Training lactate pulse rate
Analysis of variance, design and regression : applied statistical methods
This book blends a modern statistical approach with extensive engineering applications and clearly delineates the steps for successfully modeling a problem and analyzing it to find the solution. It introduces basic concepts, then fully examines computer experiment design. The authors present the popular space-filling designs - like Latin hypercube sampling - including their properties, construction, and generating algorithms. Discussion then moves to the modeling of data from computer experiments. Here the authors present various modeling techniques and discuss model interpretation, including sensitivity analysis. Numerous examples clarify the techniques and their implementation.
Analysis of messy data. Vol. 3, Analysis of covariance
No goals, no results? : Organisations in an open learning process
On food and cooking : The sience and lore of the kitchen
Advances in experimental social psychology
Handbook on experimental economics and the environment
On the constitution of experiential knowledge
Experimental economics : rethinking the rules
Primitive methods of working stone
Experiments in mathematics. Stage 1
Laboratory manual for vertebrate physiology
Biology in the laboratory
Experimental archeology
Experiments with people : revelations from social psychology
Social research to test ideas : selected writings of Samuel A. Stouffer
An outline of experimental education
Experimental neurobiology : a laboratory manual
Experimental methods for measuring elasto-plastic parameters of bentonite clay
Laser physics : from principles to practical work in the lab
Journal of experimental biology
Experimentation and uncertainty analysis for engineers
The computer as crucible : an introduction to experimental mathematics
Experiments to teach ecology : a project of the Education Committee of the Ecological Society of America
Quasi-experimentation : design & analysis issues for field settings
The complete handbook of science fair projects
British journal of experimental biology
Methods toward a science of behavior and experience
The design of experiments
Research designs
Quantitative and experimental linguistics
Sous vide cook-chill
Design and analysis of experiments. Vol. 1. Introduction to experimental design
There is something good in everything : an adaptation of Efland's eclectic approach
Introduction to design and analysis of experiments
