http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2828 examinations (education)
examinations (education)
The teenage guide to stress
F in spelling : the funniest test paper blunders
How to succeed in exams & assessments
Stalin's seminar on the Winter War
Assessing for learning : building a sustainable commitment across the institution
The doctoral examination process : a handbook for students, examiners and supervisors
Some students think that online assessment is not a true reflection of their work effort. This paper reports on a collaborative international project within two higher education institutions to research issues of student perception of effort in online assessment. The students participated in completion of questionnaires and a sample was selected to participate in focus group discussion. Evidence from the data suggests that students, have preconceived ideas about assessment, may be uncomfortable with new forms of assessment, and are unsure about how they should interact with online assessment systems. The research indicates that perceptions of effort and reward as seen by students is at variance with those held by teachers. The study offers a brief insight into the thinking of students at first year of study in engineering. It may be suggested that alternative approaches to curriculum and pedagogical design are necessary to alleviate student concerns.
Professional speed date: a new method for efficient oral examination
Management accounting business strategy
300 Questions and answers in radiography and fluid therapy for veterinary nurses
History, politics
Korkeakoulutuksen kriisi? : artikkelikokoelma Jyväskylässä 19.-20.8.1993 järjestetystä korkeakoulutuksen tutkimuksen V symposiumista = Higher education in a crisis? : articles from the fifth Symposium on Higher Education Research held in Jyväskylä, August 19-20, 1993
How to write successful business and management essays
300 questions and answers in anatomy and physiology for veterinary nurses
Social research methods
Teaching engineering
English for academic purposes : a guide and resource book for teachers
Passing exams : a guide for maximum success and minimum stress
Reflections of Online Assessment Between BEng Programmes at the Dawn of Digitalization : a Case Study of Online Assessment of Mathematics Programmes in Two Partner Institutions
14 days to exam success
The art of answering examination questions : for science students and teachers
The pharmacy technician series. Vol. 1, Certification exam review
Fully updated since publication in 2007, How to succeed in Exams & Assessments will allow a student to assess and address their particular weaknesses in revising, preparing for and succeeding in academic exams and assessments and delivers detailed tips, techniques and strategies to enable them to significantly improve their abilities and performance in time to make a difference.
The seamanship examiner : for STCW certification examinations
The exam skills handbook : achieving peak performance
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 12, Examination technique : course book
Studying for continuing professional development in health : a guide for professionals
How to write law essays and exams
Review of perioperative nursing
Reflections of online assessment between BEng programmes at the dawn of digitalization - A case study of online assessment of mathematics programmes in two partner institutions
Addressing test anxiety in a high-stakes environment : strategies for classrooms and schools
Mind mapping for dummies
Social theory and human reality
