http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2829 war widows and widowers
war widows and widowers
This thesis concerns feminist sociological analysis of war loss and its consequences as experienced and told by Finnish Karelian war widows of World War 2. They lost their partners and had to leave their homes by force, when Karelia was evacuated twice in 1939\1944. Over 400,000 refugees from this ceded South-Eastern area were permanently resettled elsewhere in Finland. Finnish war widows\2019 telling of history has been missing from academic research, for this the subject has not been investigated prior to this present work. The research material the thesis reports on was gathered in interviews with five Karelian war widows, through examining Karelian life stories in the Finnish Literature Society\2019s Folklore Archive, and also researching war widows\2019 assistance pension letters in the State Treasury.
The wrong blood
Fool me once
This book concerns feminist sociological analysis of war loss and its consequences as experienced and told by Finnish Karelian war widows of World War 2. Over 400,000 refugees from this ceded South-Eastern area were permanently resettled elsewhere in Finland. Seriousness, generosity and humour prevailed when the war widows told about their lives as patterned with hardship and change. A participatory and dialogical approach has characterised the encounters with the widows, drawing on the work of Dorothy Smith, Alfred Schütz and Liz Stanley. A key theoretical theme is that of 'war's times', a conceptual term which highlights the widows' tellings as an ongoing archive of war, inclusive of wartime events, to living with the consequences of war ever since the war started, right up until now. This work is a rhizome of connected questions: What is war? What is time? How to tell? And above all, how do I know about telling? Or how may I claim to know altogether? Thus this work has developed in two directions, one towards trying to understand loss and the other towards reflexive thinking about knowledge in and of itself.
American wife : a memoir of love, service, faith, and renewal
Finnish war widows
The last photograph
Telling absence : war widows, loss and memory
The messenger
Harry Brown
Web of love
The Messenger
The road
Grace is gone
Israeli war widows : beyond the glory of heroism
The Queen Dowager's life regiment in Finland 1772-1808
After you’ve gone
Health embedded in social context : internally displaced war widows in Nepal
Written in my own heart's blood : a novel
Written in my own heart's blood
"#1 New York Times bestseller Harlan Coben delivers his next impossible-to-put-down thriller.  In the course of eight consecutive #1 New York Times bestsellers, millions of readers have discovered Harlan Coben's page-turning thrillers, filled with his trademark edge-of-your-seat suspense and gut-wrenching emotion. In Fool Me Once, Coben once again outdoes himself.  Former special ops pilot Maya, home from the war, sees an unthinkable image captured by her nanny cam while she is at work: her two-year-old daughter playing with Maya's husband, Joe--who had been brutally murdered two weeks earlier. The provocative question at the heart of the mystery: Can you believe everything you see with your own eyes, even when you desperately want to? To find the answer, Maya must finally come to terms with deep secrets and deceit in her own past before she can face the unbelievable truth about her husband--and herself"--
The paying guests
Of little comfort : war widows, fallen soldiers, and the remaking of nation after the Great War
It is 1922, and London is tense. Ex-servicemen are disillusioned, the out-of-work and the hungry are demanding change. And in South London, in a genteel Camberwell villa, a large silent house now bereft of brothers, husband and even servants, life is about to be transformed, as impoverished widow Mrs Wray and her spinster daughter, Frances, are obliged to take in lodgers. For with the arrival of Lilian and Leonard Barber, a modern young couple of the 'clerk class', the routines of the house will be shaken up in unexpected ways. And as passions mount and frustration gathers, no one can foresee just how far-reaching, and how devastating, the disturbances will be. This is vintage Sarah Waters: beautifully described with excruciating tension, real tenderness, believable characters, and surprises. It is above all, a wonderful, compelling story.
News of the world : a novel
