http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28393 annual cycle
annual cycle
This is a magnificent collection of 366 poems compiled by Allie Esiri, one to share for every night of the year. The poems - together with introductory paragraphs - have a link to the date on which they appear. Shakespeare celebrates midsummer night, Maya Angelou International Women's Day and Lewis Carroll April Fool's day. Perfect for reading aloud and sharing with all the family, it contains a full spectrum of poetry from familiar favourites to exciting contemporary voices. Alfred, Lord Tennyson, W. B. Yeats, A. A. Milne and Christina Rossetti sit alongside Roger McGough, Carol Ann Duffy and Benjamin Zephaniah.
A study of candidate genes in depression and disturbed sleep
Seasonal variations of the eskimo : a study in social morphology
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Effects of competition and seasonality on life history traits of bank voles
Timing is everything : photoperiodicity shaping life-history traits and gene expression
Sámi reindeer herders : a task differentiation analysis
Nomads in Central Asia : animal husbandry and culture in transition (19th-20th century)
Around the year : a picture book
Habitat fragmentation, seasonality and predation affecting behaviour and survival of bank voles Myodes glareolus
Seasonal variation in the life histories of a viviparous ectoparasite, the deer ked
Between god, the dead and the wild : Chamba interpretations of religion and ritual
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
Effects of suburban development on runoff generation and water quality
Empires of time : calendars, clocks, and cultures
A poem for every night of the year
The influence of weather, season, climate, and disasters on non-communicable diseases
The Old English metrical calendar (Menologium)
Adaptation to seasonality : genetics and variation in life-history traits important in overwintering
Sea ice in the Baltic Sea : a review
