http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28382 Chechen War
Chechen War
Chechnya : from past to future
Choice, consolidation, and catastrophe : elite bargaining and the war in Chechnya
Allah's mountains : the battle for Chechnya
Crying wolf : the return of war to Chechnya
Russia's restless frontier : the Chechnya factor in post-Soviet Russia
Chechnya : from nationalism to jihad
Contemporary violence : postmodern war in Kosovo and Chechnya
Russo-chechen conflict 1800-2000 : a deadly embrace
There are many parallels and some revealing differences in the encounter between, on the one hand, the Americans and various Indian tribes and, on the other, the Russians and some of the peoples of the Caucasus and Siberia. The enduring cultural consequences of these encounters provide a fruitful area of inquiry for the comparative examination of national images in literatures. The major focus on this study is the perceptions and literary portrayal of the Chechens by the Russians and the Navajos by the Americans. Both the Chechen in Russian literature and the Navajo in American literature are often constructs, images derived from a potent combination of prejudices and received assumptions. In each case a relatively sizable corpus of writings produced over a century or longer exemplifies or attempts to counter persistent and influential modes of cultural stereotyping. The diachronic analysis of the portrayal of either the Chechens or the Navajos illuminates patterns of prejudice that have immense implications for both popular and high culture. The juxtaposition of the discussion of the two groups as they have been treated in Russian and American literature can deepen our understanding of the commonalities present in attempted cultural domination or ethnic idealization.
The search
Free fall : a sniper's story
Who is responsible? : war crimes in Chechnya
Ethno-nationalism, Islam and the state in the Caucasus : post-Soviet disorder
Chechnya's secret wartime diplomacy : Aslan Maskhadov and the quest for a peaceful resolution
After the USSR : ethnicity, nationalism, and politics in the Commonwealth of Independent States
I am a Chechen!
The post-Soviet wars : rebellion, ethnic conflict, and nationhood in the Caucasus
Russian civil-military relations and the origins of the second Chechen war
Chechnya : the international community and strategies for peace and stability
Chechnya : to the heart of a conflict
A dirty war : a Russian reporter in Chechnya
The war in Chechnya
Journalism
The lone wolf and the bear : three centuries of Chechen defiance of Russian rule
One soldier's war in Chechnya
Alien visions : the Chechens and the Navajos in Russian and American literature
Bourdieu's secret admirer in the Caucasus : a world-system biography
Beslan : the tragedy of the school No. 1
Chechnya - Russia's 'war on terror'
The Chechen struggle : independence won and lost
Chechnya : the case for independence
