http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28301 historical time
historical time
Arms in Norway between 400 and 600 A.D.. Part 2
Time's arrow, time's cycle : myth and metaphor in the discovery of geological time
Townships to farmsteads : rural settlement studies in Scotland, England and Wales
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The buried giant : a novel
The India fan
Blind justice : [an inspector William Monk novel]
A sunless sea
"Murder by poison alarmed, enthralled, and in many ways encapsulated the Victorian age. Linda Stratmann's dark and splendid social history reveals the nineteenth century as a gruesome battleground where poisoners went head-to-head with authorities who strove to detect poisons, control their availability, and bring the guilty to justice. She corrects many misconceptions about particular poisons and documents how the evolution of issues such as marital rights and the legal protection of children impacted poisonings. Combining archival research with a novelist's eye, Stratmann charts the era's inexorable rise of poison cases both shocking and sad"--
Time to say goodbye
Until we meet again
The goddess and the thief
The lost time accidents
Bermuda : celebrating 400 years of history : a special issue of Post-Medieval archaeology
The years
Garden of lies
A slant of light : a novel
Tom-All-Alone's
The pottery from medieval Novgorod and its region
Pompeii : quide to the lost city
Leaving Berlin : a novel
'Til death do us part
Homelands lost and gained : Slavic migration and settlement on Bornholm in the early Middle Ages
Saint Peter's Fair : the fourth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Timber building techniques in London c. 900-1400 : an archaeological study of waterfront installations and related material
Polish lands at the turn of the first and the second millennia
Warlock
Lady of Ashes
Norton Priory : the archaeology of a medieval religious house
The shoemaker's wife : a novel
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
Ribbed beakers with applied glass threads in Europe = Čišky s taženými kapkami v Evropě
Monk's hood : the third chronicle of Brother Cadfael
25 years of medieval archaeology
How to tame your duke
The National Trust historical atlas of Britain : prehistoric and medieval
The Specimen
Evolution and society : a study in Victorian social theory
The Forsyte saga
How to master your marquis
Longbourn : a novel
Homelands lost and gained : slavic migration and settlement on Bornhoim in the early Middle Ages
Electricity
The conventional wisdom about historical memory is summed up in George Santayana’s celebrated phrase, “Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.” Today, the consensus that it is moral to remember, immoral to forget, is nearly absolute. And yet is this right? David Rieff, an independent writer who has reported on bloody conflicts in Africa, the Balkans, and Central Asia, insists that things are not so simple. He poses hard questions about whether remembrance ever truly has, or indeed ever could, “inoculate” the present against repeating the crimes of the past. He argues that rubbing raw historical wounds—whether self-inflicted or imposed by outside forces—neither remedies injustice nor confers reconciliation. If he is right, then historical memory is not a moral imperative but rather a moral option—sometimes called for, sometimes not. Collective remembrance can be toxic. Sometimes, Rieff concludes, it may be more moral to forget. Ranging widely across some of the defining conflicts of modern times—the Irish Troubles and the Easter Uprising of 1916, the white settlement of Australia, the American Civil War, the Balkan wars, the Holocaust, and 9/11—Rieff presents a pellucid examination of the uses and abuses of historical memory. His contentious, brilliant, and elegant essay is an indispensable work of moral philosophy.
The tenth chamber
Desire me now
Wicked widow
Westerhus : medieval population and church in the light of skeletal remains
Information through Sherds : a case study of the early glazed earthenware from Dalby, Scania
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Archaeologies of the contemporary past
Little red lies
Ribe excavations 1970-76. Vol. 2
The rediscovery of Kaya in history and archaeology
In praise of forgetting : historical memory and its ironies
The undertaking
Females as cult functionaries or ritual specialists in the Germanic Iron Age?
Medieval frontiers : concepts and practices
Medieval England : an aerial survey
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
Excavations in medieval Southampton 1953-1969
The leper of Saint Giles : the fifth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
The archaeology of medieval England
The book thief
The uninvited guests
Ahlgade 15-17, Holbæk : en arkeologisk og historisk undersøgelse fra 1200 til nutiden = 15-17 Ahlgade, Holbæk : archaeology and history from 1200 AD until the present day
Old forgotten mummies from North and South
The secret poisoner : a century of murder
Futures past : on the semantics of historical time
Prehistoric architecture in Micronesia
Warriors of the storm
This article reviews women of Germanic tribes mentioned in early Greek and Latin sources that have, in the past, been interpreted as cult functionaries or even 'priestesses'. Each case is presented and it is shown that although these women may have connections with the  supernatural, with prophecy and even had political influence, there is no reason to presume they are associated with a particular cult or a formal role in any cult.
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
An historical geography of recreation and tourism in the western world 1540-1940
Ancient art in Scandinavia
Ribbed beakers wit applied glass threads in Europe = Čišky s taženými kapkami v Evropě
All that is : a novel
The perfect poison
ROMANCE: HISTORICAL. HOW TO TAME YOUR DUKE is the dazzling first novel in a new trilogy by historical romance writer Juliana Gray whose debut Affairs By Moonlight series was richly praised. Lose your heart to this witty and romantic story of three intrepid proncesses caught in a deadly plot. Perfect for fans of Julia Quinn and Suzanne Enoch. England, 1888. Quiet and scholarly Princess Emilie has always avoided adventure, until she's forced to disguise herself as a tutor in the household of the imposing Duke of Ashland, a former soldier disfigured in battle and abandoned by his wife. When chance draws her into a secret liaison with the duke, Emilie can't resist the opportunity to learn what lies behind his forbidding mask, and find out what adventure really means...The duke never imagines that his son's tutor and his mysterious golden-haired beauty are one and the same.
Shaping medieval landscapes : settlement, society, environment
The New Penguin atlas of Medieval history
Victorian and Edwardian theatres
Starlight and dreams
The space between : an Outlander novella
Little bones
Castella Maris Baltici XI : proceedings of a symposium held in Malmö, Sweden on the 27th of May to the 2nd of June 2012
The Roman : the memoirs of Minutus Lausus Manilianus, who has won the insignia of a Triumph, who has the rank of Consul, who is chairman of the Priests' Collegium of the god Vespasian and a member of the Roman Senate
Second sight
Nurse Anna's war
Castella Maris Baltici. 10, Finland 24-29.8.2009 Raseborg, Olavinlinna and Häme castles
Good people
