http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28394 Berbers
Berbers
Nation from the Margin : the Discourse of the Amazigh Cultural Movement in the Moroccan National Space and beyond State Borders
Encoding motion case studies from Africa : in memory of Ursula Drolc
A phonology of Tarifit Berber
Sounds and words through the ages : afroasiatic studies from Turin
Ethnographical texts in Moroccan Berber. 3, (Dialect of Anti-Atlas)
Dialectology in optimality theory : the case of Amazigh
PCSK9 and berberine as modulators of lipoprotein receptors and neuronal cell death
Berber culture on the world stage : from village to video
The Afroasiatic languages
This is a translation of the novel written by a French military officer, Said Guennoun, in 1934. It is more than a novel, for it combines fiction with historical events which took place during the French colonial expansion in the Middle Atlas mountains in the first quarter of the 20th century. The author tries to describe the way the Moroccan Berbers (Imazighen) interacted with the European civilization. -- Back cover.
The stress system of Berber : an optimality-theoretic approach
Selected comparative-historical Afrasian linguistic studies : in memory of Igor M. Diakonoff
The Siwi language : a short grammar of the Siwi language, with a map and ten appendices, including a brief account of the customs, etc., of the Siwani, together with a description of the Oasis of Siwa
Semitic and Afroasiatic : challenges and opportunities
The structure of traditional Moroccan rural society
Ritual and belief in Morocco
Moorish literature : comprising romantic ballads, tales of the Berbers, stories of the Kabyles, folk-lore, and national traditions
Tamazight verb structure : a generative approach
Texts for linguistic analysis : glossed narratives in Tarifit Berber
Extraprosodicity and syllable structure in Berber : an optimality-theoretic analysis
The voice of the mounts : Amazigh war customs
The Amazigh language at home and at school : perspectives of oral discourse structure and academic language skills ; [... report of the proceedings of the Workshop From Oral Discourse Structure in Berber to Academic Language Skills in Dutch, organized by Babylon, Centre for Studies of the Multicultural Society, at Tilburg University, from 01-10-2004 to 02-10-2004 ...]
Statistical analyses of morphosyntactics. 7-11, Harari, Somali, Hausa, Nefusi Berber, Sahidic dialect of Coptic, general summary
Minor languages : approaches, definitions, controversies : papers from the conference on 'Minor Languages : Coming to grips with a suitable definition', Bremen, June 2001
Vandals, Romans and Berbers : new perspectives on late antique North Africa
For the love of fables
The Maghrib in the new century : identity, religion, and politics
Tamazight of the Ayt Ndhir : Berber
Muhamad's desert night
A grammar of Tamashek (Tuareg of Mali)
Ritual and belief in Morocco. Volume I
Negation patterns in West African languages and beyond
An outline of the structure of Shilha
Colonial histories, post-colonial memories : the legend of the Kahina, a North African heroine
