http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28380 mathematical problems
mathematical problems
Puzzles and games : a mathematical modeling approach
Assessing children's mathematical knowledge : social class, sex and problem-solving
Prime numbers are beautiful, mysterious, and beguiling mathematical objects. The mathematician Bernhard Riemann made a celebrated conjecture about primes in 1859, the so-called Riemann hypothesis, which remains one of the most important unsolved problems in mathematics. Through the deep insights of the authors, this book introduces primes and explains the Riemann hypothesis. Students with a minimal mathematical background and scholars alike will enjoy this comprehensive discussion of primes. The first part of the book will inspire the curiosity of a general reader with an accessible explanation of the key ideas. The exposition of these ideas is generously illuminated by computational graphics that exhibit the key concepts and phenomena in enticing detail. Readers with more mathematical experience will then go deeper into the structure of primes and see how the Riemann hypothesis relates to Fourier analysis using the vocabulary of spectra. Readers with a strong mathematical background will be able to connect these ideas to historical formulations of the Riemann hypothesis.
Students' self-report of motivational orientation and teacher evaluation on coping and motivational orientation related to elementary students’ mathematical problem solving and reading comprehension
Mathematical magic show
Group model building : facilitating team learning using system dynamics
Learning and teaching mathematics 0-8
Thinking in systems : a primer
Making mathematics practical : an approach to problem solving
How not to be wrong : the power of mathematical thinking
How to solve problems : elements of a theory of problems and problem solving
Games, puzzles, and computation
How not to be wrong : the hidden maths of everyday life
Alex's adventures in numberland
50 math and science games for leadership
GMAT® 800 advanced prep for advanced students
"'Kaplan GMAT Premier offers you 3 ways to study: The book: New! Information on the 2012 changes to the GMAT, 1 practice test, detailed answer explanations, proven score-raising strategies, chapter-end practice questions, and advice for your business school applications. The Online Companion includes diagnostic quiz, 5 computer-adaptive tests, 15 video mini-lessons, more practice. The CD includes 4 computer-adaptive tests,18 practice sets."--P. [4] of cover.
'Algorithms to Live By' looks at the simple, precise algorithms that computers use to solve the complex 'human' problems that we face, and discovers what they can tell us about the nature and origin of the mind. How can we do everything we hope to get done, either in a day or in a lifetime? How should we juggle the many roles we play at work and at home? Is there a better way to organise the space around us? What mix of novelty and familiarity are going to let us lead a rich and fulfilling life? These are problems applicable to every human being - we can pursue but an infinitesimal sliver of the possibilities available to us, and most of them imperfectly. In 'Algorithms to Live By', Brian Christian and Tom Griffiths identify the fundamental mathematical structure of these challenges and study them within the context of computer science. Their investigation sheds new light on how the mind works, and reveals what we can learn about ourselves from the shared problems faced by computers and humans alike.
How to solve mathematical problems
Beyond reason : eight great problems that reveal the limits of science
Management science : modeling, analysis and interpretation
Prime numbers and the Riemann hypothesis
Metaheuristics : from design to implementation
Understanding as experiencing a pattern
From zero to infinity (and beyond) : cool maths stuff you need to know
Alex through the looking-glass : how numbers reflect life and life reflects numbers
Local search and variable neighborhood search algorithms for the vehicle routing problem with time windows
Algorithms to live by : the computer science of human decisions
Discretisation-invariant and computationally efficient correlation priors for Bayesian inversion
Math stories for problem solving success : ready-to-use activities for grades 7-12
An introduction to genetic algorithms
This book is a comprehensive guide to mathematical modeling. It uses about 100 puzzles as "case studies" and represents them as mathematical models. The models are coded in the computer language LPL and can be solved directly over the Internet. Game-lovers will discover new and original aspects of their favorite pastime and teachers in Mathematics will be amazed how playful and diverting mathematical modelling can be. The goal is to encourage the use of such puzzles in an educational context in order to improve and develop mathematical modelling skills. It can be used as a self-study or in classes.
The magical maze : seeing the world through mathematical eyes
How we think : a theory of goal-oriented decision making and its educational applications
The formula : how algorithms solve all our problems ...and create more
Visuospatial working memory in adolescents with poor performance in mathematics : variation depending on reading skills
Problem solving in mathematics education : proceedings of the ProMath meeting June 30 - July 2, 2004, in Lahti
Problem solving, reasoning and numeracy in the early years foundation stage
Professor Stewart's cabinet of mathematical curiosities
Nordic Presentations : proceedings of the section Nordic Presentations at ICME-10, July 12, 2004 in Copenhagen (Denmark)
On one algebraic bifurcation problem
Test Your Numerical Aptitude
Reflective reader : primary mathematics
Demonstrating the environmental issues of developing countries through mathematic procedures
Problem solving in mathematics education : proceedings of the 10th ProMath conference, August 28-31, 2008 in Vaasa
Mathematical thinking: how to develop it in the classroom
Logic for problem solving
Handbook of mathematical cognition
"In How Not to Be Wrong, Jordan Ellenberg shows us that math isn't confined to abstract incidents that never occur in real life, but rather touches everything we do--the whole world is shot through with it. Math allows us to see the hidden structures underneath the messy and chaotic surface of our world. It's a science of not being wrong, hammered out by centuries of hard work and argument. Armed with the tools of mathematics, we can see through to the true meaning of information we take for granted: How early should you get to the airport? What does "public opinion" really represent? Why do tall parents have shorter children? Who really won Florida in 2000? And how likely are you, really, to develop cancer? How Not to Be Wrong presents the surprising revelations behind all of these questions and many more, using the mathematician's method of analyzing life and exposing the hard-won insights of the academic community to the layman--minus the jargon. Ellenberg pulls from history as well as from the latest theoretical developments to provide those not trained in math with the knowledge they need. "--
Cracking the new GMAT with DVD : 2013 edition
Acquisition of mathematics concepts and processes
A lifetime of puzzles : a collection of puzzles in honor of Martin Gardner's 90th birthday
Mathematical recreations and essays
Problem solving in mathematics education : proceedings of an International Symposium in September 2006
Brain-compatible mathematics
Hands-on algebra! : ready-to-use games & activities for grades 7-12
Forest dynamics : an ecological model
Metacognition in group problem solving : a quest for socially shared metacognition
The Oxford handbook of thinking and reasoning
Mathematical cognition
Mathematical models and methods for planet Earth
Convergence rates and uncertainty quantification for inverse problems
Help your kids with maths ; a unique step-by-step visual guide
Math word problems demystified
Birth of a theorem : a mathematical adventure
On the broken ray transform
The nine chapters on the mathematical art : companion and commentary
The puzzler's dilemma : from the Lighthouse of Alexandria to Monty Hall, a fresh look at classic conundrums of logic, mathematics, and life
Keeping up with the quants : your guide to understanding and using analytics
