http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2837 malware
malware
Digital contagions : a media archaeology of computer worms and viruses
Certified ethical hacker (CEH) cert guide
Mobile device security : a comprehensive guide to securing your information in a moving world
XSS attacks : cross-site scripting exploits and defense
Virtualized environment for malware analysis
The death of the internet
Web dragons : inside the myths of search engine technology
Computer security handbook
Inside cyber warfare
Cross-Site-Scripting(XSS) Attacking and Defending
Dark corners of the internet
Practical malware analysis : the hands-on guide to dissecting malicious software
Cybercrime : criminal threats from cyberspace
Web commerce security : design and development
Technology leadership for school improvement
CEH v9 : certified ethical hacker version 9 : study guide
Advanced Malware Analysis is a critical resource for every information security professional's anti-malware arsenal. The proven troubleshooting techniques will give an edge to information security professionals whose job involves detecting, decoding, and reporting on malware.
The art of computer virus research and defense
CEH: Certified Ethical Hacker Version 9 Practice Tests are the ideal preparation for this high-stakes exam. Five complete, unique practice tests are designed to help you identify weak spots in your understanding, so you can direct your preparation efforts efficiently and gain the confidence -- and skills -- you need to pass. These tests cover all five sections of the exam, allowing you to test your knowledge of Assessment; Security; Tools and Systems; Procedures and Methodology; and Regulation, Policy, and Ethics. Coverage aligns with CEH version 9, including material on cloud, tablet, and mobile phone security and attacks, as well as the latest vulnerabilities including Heartbleed, shellshock, and Poodle. The exams are designed to familiarize CEH candidates with the test format, allowing them to become more comfortable reading a Wireshark .pcap file or viewing visual depictions of network attacks. The ideal companion for the Sybex CEH v9 Study Guide, this book is an invaluable tool for anyone aspiring to this highly-regarded certification.
Computer security
Malware analysis
Practical VoIP security
Support Vector Machine Integrated with game-theoretic approach and genetic algorithm for the detection and classification of malware
Gray hat hacking : the ethical hacker's handbook
Predicting malicious behavior : tools and techniques for ensuring global security
Environmental hazard classification : data collection and interpretation guide for substances to be evaluated for classification as dangerous for the environment
Caring for our future : action for Europe's environment : 25 issues at a glance
Parasitic order machine : a sociology and ontology of information securing
Computer viruses and other malicious software : a threat to the Internet economy
Computer security : principles and practice
Malware analyst's cookbook and DVD : tools and techniques for fighting malicious code
Anti-hacker tool kit
Cybercrime : the transformation of crime in the information age
System assurance : beyond detecting vulnerabilities
The essential guide to home computer security
Scene of the Cybercrime
"The Sneaky Music Player" : analysis of Android application security threats and countermeasures
Summary (s. 11-14).
Fundamentals of information systems security
Statements on sustainable development : the General Consultative Forum on the Environment, 1993-96
Architectures and protocols for secure information technology infrastructures
The definitive guide to incident response--updated for the first time in a decade! Thoroughly revised to cover the latest and most effective tools and techniques, Incident Response & Computer Forensics, Third Edition arms you with the information you need to get your organization out of trouble when data breaches occur. This practical resource covers the entire lifecycle of incident response, including preparation, data collection, data analysis, and remediation. Real-world case studies reveal the methods behind--and remediation strategies for--today's most insidious attacks. Architect an infrastructure that allows for methodical investigation and remediation Develop leads, identify indicators of compromise, and determine incident scope Collect and preserve live data Perform forensic duplication Analyze data from networks, enterprise services, and applications Investigate Windows and Mac OS X systems Perform malware triage Write detailed incident response reports Create and implement comprehensive remediation plans.
Evaluation of machine learning classifiers for mobile network intrusion detection systems
Seven deadliest social network attacks
Digital contagions : a media archaeology of computer viruses
Mobile device security for dummies
Aggressive network self-defence
A holistic look at the vast landscape of Internetsecurity-past, present, and futureA major attack on the Internet could wreak havoc onsociety-bringing down telephony, banking, business,government, media, and the energy grid. This book addresses thegrowing threats to the Internet from different sources, offeringin-depth guidance on how to combat them on both desktop and mobileplatforms.Edited by a specialist in holistic security with contributionsfrom experts in industry and academia, The Death of theInternet presents a unique, cross-disciplinary approach toInternet security. It goes beyond computer science to explore itssocial and psychological components, discussing politicallymotivated attacks, human error, and criminal tendencies. Geared tonon-technical readers and experts alike, the book clearly explainsthe general concepts of Internet security for managers anddecision-makers and provides engineers and industry professionalswith detailed instructions on how to develop effective designs withsecurity in mind. The Death of the Internet:. Covers topics of Internet security, online fraud, phishing, andmalware. Explores the growing need for dedicated smartphone Internetsecurity. Describes how security threats can result in loss of trust andadvertising revenues. Outlines proven countermeasures and explains how to implementthem using real-world examples. Reviews state-of-the-art research and future trends in Internetsecurity.
Internet security made easy
Corporate computer security
Absolute beginner's guide to security, spam, spyware & viruses
Hacking : the next generation
Defeating the hacker : a non-technical guide to computer security
Abstract: Malware Analysis.
Disruptive technology : effects of technology regulation on democracy
Staying safe online
Information security : a manager's guide to thwarting data thieves and hackers
Malware : fighting malicious code
The myths of security : what the computer security industry doesn't want you to know
Advanced malware analysis
Security in computing
Alcohol issues in Finland after accession to the EU : consumption, harm and policy framework 1990-2005
Hacking exposed malware and rootkits
The art of software security assessment : identifying and preventing software vulnerabilities
Security administrator street smarts : a real world guide to CompTIA Security+TM skills
Mobile malware attacks and defense
Degunking your email, spam, and viruses
CEHv9 : Certified Ethical Hacker version 9 practice tests
