http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28320 infiltration (covert operations)
infiltration (covert operations)
Mission: impossible : special collector's edition
Sleeping dogs : Nordic edition : PS3
The sea of troubles
XXX : widescreen special edition
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Undercover
Soluttautuja = The infiltrator
The East
The expendables
At home among strangers, a strangers among his own
Night school
Lego city undercover : Wii U
Sleeping dogs : definitive edition : Xbox One
UN covert negotiator Yael Azoulay went rogue in Geneva and nearly lost her life. Her physical wounds are healed, but she will never be able to forget what happened. Now back in New York, Yael uncovers a chilling conspiracy whose end game is a devastating new war in the Middle East. But as Yael draws closer to the truth, she is forced to confront the ghosts of her past. As the few certainties of her life begin to crumble around her, a terrifying truth is laid bare: Yael has enormously powerful enemies who neither forgive, nor forget.
Eagle strike : the graphic novel
Point break : 3D
Foxy Brown
The expendables 2 : back for war
Stormbreaker : the graphic novel
The Americans. The complete second season
Daughters of the KGB : Moscow's secret spies, sleepers and assassins of the cold war
The departed
The Washington stratagem
A wanted man
Subversives : the FBI's war on student radicals, and Reagan's rise to power
The night manager : the complete series
Deadly decisions
Sleeping dogs : definitive edition : PlayStation 4
The assassin
The sandman
No angel : my undercover journey to the dark heart of the Hells Angels
Ultimate action : triple pack : PS3
It's 1996, and Reacher is still in the army. In the morning they give him a medal, and in the afternoon they send him back to school. That night he's off the grid. Out of sight, out of mind. Two other men are in the classroom -- an FBI agent and a CIA analyst. Each is a first-rate operator, each is fresh off a big win, and each is wondering what the hell they are doing there. Then they find out: a Jihadist sleeper cell in Hamburg, Germany, has received an unexpected visitor -- a Saudi courier, seeking safe haven while waiting to rendezvous with persons unknown. A CIA asset, undercover inside the cell, has overheard the courier whisper a chilling message: "The American wants a hundred million dollars." For what? And who from? Reacher and his two new friends are told to find the American. Reacher recruits the best soldier he has ever worked with: Sergeant Frances Neagley. Their mission heats up in more ways than one, while always keeping their eyes on the prize. If they don't get their man, the world will suffer an epic act of terrorism. From Langley to Hamburg, Jalalabad to Kiev, Night School moves through a treacherous landscape of double crosses, faked identities, and new and terrible enemies, as Reacher maneuvers inside the game and outside the law.
Skeleton Key : the graphic novel
The Afghan
Ultimate action : triple pack : Xbox 360.
The gun seller
A wanted man : a Jack Reacher novel
Point break
The strange death of Fiona Griffiths
Blasphemy
The rescue
Black Cross
Kay Hamilton has paid the price for going rogue. Fired by the DEA, she's now been quietly recruited by the Callahan Group, a quasi-governmental agency charged with accomplishing special missions for the president off the grid. Kay and her daughter relocate to Washington, D.C., but before Kay's completed her training, she's sent to a hostile province in Afghanistan. There a mission that should have been purely political turns unexpectedly and explosively violent. Barely getting out alive, Kay follows a trail of deception and murder from Washington to West Virginia to England. Finding herself at the centre of an international plot she begins to question those she loves, those she works for and her own faith in justice.
The Americans. The complete first season
The expendables : 5 disc version
The expendables : 2 disc special version
Sleeping dogs : definitive edition : PS4
Night school : a Jack Reacher novel
Tinker tailor soldier spy
Point Blanc : the graphic novel
The death of a French intelligence agent on an Air France flight to Amman, Jordan, is the trigger that launches Tommy Carmellini's latest adventure. Within the European Union, the national espionage agencies are fiercely competing for supremacy against each other--and the CIA. When the Americans discover that the director of the French agency has secret investments in the Bank of Palestine, alarm bells go off. To investigate, the Americans bring Jake Grafton back from retirement. And of course, the point man Grafton wants is Tommy Carmellini. Together they uncover an elaborate strategy to infiltrate the highest levels of Al Qaeda with a top-level plant--but who is playing whom? Grafton and Carmellini uncover a horrifying plan to shake the West as never before--and a catch-22: can they stop the conspiracy without compromising the intelligence source that could bring down Al Qaeda once and for all?--From publisher description.
The invitation-only zone : the true story of North Korea's abduction project
