http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28347 system design
system design
Modelling future timber price development by using expert judgments and time series analysis
Design as discourse : representation, representational practice, and social practice
About face 3 : the essentials of interaction design
Influence of clear-cutting on the risk of wind damage at forest edges : a GIS-based integrated models approach
User orientation through experience : a study of hobbyist knowing in product development
Real-world decision modeling with DMN
Product lifecycle management
Principles of social media monitoring and analysis software
Exploring the influence of persuasive reminders and virtual rehearsal on the efficacy of health behavior change support system
Design-use relationships in sociotechnical change
Augmented reality based user interface for mobile applications and services
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
On the development of persuasive systems : a framework for designing and evaluating behaviour change support systems and its applicability for e-Health
Beginning database design solutions
Design and Evaluation of Physical Security in Data Centers
From cute to content : user experience from a cognitive semiotic perspective
Gamification : motivations & effects
Development of Service Quality Rating Through Design Thinking and Innovation Metrics
Human-technology choreographies : body, movement, and space
Critical conversations : feedback as a stimulus to creativity in software design
Towards regional development by Higher Education Institutions:an empirical study of a University of Applied Sciences
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Transport revolution : international perspectives
Car Alarm System Engineered In Arduino Environment
Implementation of co-design environment
The importance of persuasive systems design in enhancing consumers’ perceptions and adoption of health behavior change support systems
Information systems project management : how to deliver function and value in information technology projects
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
Co-development of work and information systems : an analysis of the construction of the Activity­Driven ISD methodology in 2001-2013
Promoting group creativity in upstream requirements engineering
Early-phase performance evaluation of computer systems using workload models and SystemC
Software change management process in the development of embedded software
Piloting unified communications solution in enterprise
Information architecture : the design and integration of information spaces
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis
Towards better usability : usability and end-user participation in healthcare information technology systems development
After a decade of movement-based interaction in human-computer interaction, designing for the moving body still remains a challenge. Research in this field requires methods to help access, articulate, and harness embodied experiences in ways that can inform the design process. To address this challenge, this article appropriates bodystorming, an embodied ideation method for movement-based interaction design. The proposed method allows for early consideration of the physical, collocated, and social aspects of a designed activity as illustrated with two explorative workshops in different application domains: interactive body games and interactive performances. Using a qualitative methods approach, we used video material from the workshops, feedback from participants, and our own experience as participants and facilitators to outline important characteristics of the bodystorming method in the domain of movement-based interaction. The proposed method is compared with previous ones and application implications are discussed.
Methodology for dynamic stability and robustness analysis of commercial-power-module-based dc-distributed systems
Human factors and ergonomics design handbook
Human conceptualisation processes as a perspective on the design and evaluation of user-interfaces
Measuring software security from the design of software
Intuitions in human-technology interaction design
Bodystorming for movement-based interaction design
Shaping places online : exploring the potential of the Internet for public engagement in spatial local governance
Developing a mobile site using Koodiviidakko content management system tool - Sivuviidakko
Specification and system design of telecommunications systems
In practice, requirements engineering tasks become more and more complex. In order to ensure a high level of knowledge and training, the International Requirements Engineering Board (IREB) worked out the training concept Certified Professional for Requirements EngineeringA", which defines a requirements engineer's practical skills on different training levels. The book covers the different subjects of the curriculum for the Certified Professional for Requirements EngineeringA" (CPRE) defined by the International Requirements Engineering Board (IREB). It supports its readers in preparing for the test to achieve the Foundation LevelA" of the CPRE.
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
DEVELOPING A MOBILE SITE USING KOODIVIIDAKKO CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM TOOL – SIVUVIIDAKKO
Database design : know it all
Innovation, learning, and communities
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Putting our own house in order : examples of health-system action on socially determined health inequalities
An integrated model-based approach for systems engineering : towards the use of model-based approach in the early development stages of the systems engineering process
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Adoption of Enterprise Resource planning system in an organization
User involvement and entrepreneurial action
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
Ways of walking : understanding walking's implications for the design of handheld technology via a humanistic ethnographic approach
Socially influencing systems:persuading people to engage with publicly displayed Twitter-based systems
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
We live in an age of unparalleled opportunity for innovation. We're building more products than ever before, but most of them fail--not because we can't complete what we set out to build, but because we waste time, money, and effort building the wrong product. What we need is a systematic process for quickly vetting product ideas and raising our odds of success. That's the promise of Running Lean. In this inspiring book, Ash Maurya takes you through an exacting strategy for achieving a "product/market fit" for your fledgling venture, based on his own experience in building a wide array of product.
Does design rationale enhance creativity?
Digital strategy : a guide to digital business transformation
The importance of persuasive systems design in enhancing consumers' perceptions and adoption of health behavior change support systems
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Cytochrome P450-selective prodrugs and inhibitors
Cities for smart environmental and energy futures : impacts on architecture and technology
In interaction design and related disciplines, the focus of research tends toward technological objects rather than the movements relating to interacting with the objects. Even when movements are considered, the emphasis is placed on their instrumental value, that is, how movements have direct effect on the functions of technology. However, the emphasis of this thematic issue of Human Technology rests upon the design and use of technological objects. In other words, we, as editors of this special issue, were looking for submissions that emphasized intentional human movement in the physical and social lifeworld in which humans encounter technological and virtual artifacts..
Mapping the user experience : development of a validated instrument from the plans and scripts of the computer community of practice
Performance analysis of mMCSK-mMFSK modulation variants with comparative discussion
The right concepts for the right problems
Juxtaposing design representations for creativity
Studying user experience of health behavior change support systems:a qualitative approach to individuals’ perceptions of web-based interventions
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation, and management
Design of embedded systems with telecommunications application
Monolith ERP and current IT-trends : Creating a step by step development model (SSDM) for existing monolith ERP system to adapt to the current IT-trends
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Health care planning in Finland with databases
Handbook of human factors in web design
The development of expertise in information systems design
User interface design for electronic appliances
Requirements engineering fundamentals : a study guide for the Certified Professional for Requirements Engineering exam : foundation level, IREB compliant
The conceptual levels and theory languages of interaction design
Running Lean: iterate from plan a to a plan that works
Exploring the competitive advantage through ERP systems : from implementation to applications in agile networks
Using rationale to assist student cognitive and intellectual development
Human aspects of software engineering
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
Decision support system for agricultural land use and fertilisation optimisation : a case study on barley production in Estonia
Human factors and ergonomics in consumer product design : methods and techniques
How to set up information systems : a non-specialist's guide to the multiview approach
Planning and establishing a radio advertising measurement system
This thesis is targeting to develop and engineer a burglar alarm system prototype using the software and hardware environment Arduino, which is originally manufactured by Smart Projects. The system under development provides a versatile theft inhibition hardware configuration for the holder of the system. It also provides vehicle localization enabling features in case of theft. In the final project, the aim is not to reach commercial benefit. The aim is to get familiar with software libraries and information offered by Arduino environment, GPS utilizing standard NMEA0183 and SIM900 with AT commands. This project examines burglar alarm system engineering from a commercially neutral point of view. Most of the sources have been published by companies, but without these essential resources it would be extremely complicated to engineer the software. In process of this final project, the functional requirements and hardware are defined. Then the embedded software is implemented. Finally, the achievements are explored and the final outcome is discussed. With the available resources for the project, it was feasible to create a project plan. The project plan describes how the burglar alarm system should work. A partial software was engineered and it was ready to use few AT commands. Also, the hardware design was put together. The GSM/GPRS Quadband module was assembled into the Arduino Mega 2560, and an anti-theft immobilizer relay was soldered into a circuit board. The PIR-sensor was acquired and connected to the Arduino Mega 2560.
"Effective user interactions are required for a Web site to accomplish its specific goals, which is necessary for an organization to receive a proper return on investment or other desired outcomes. Several handbooks exist that describe work in the fields of human factors and human-computer interaction, but they are not specific to Web design"--Provided by publisher.
Towards engaging multipurpose public displays : design space and case studies
Apperceiving visual elements in human-technology interaction design
The practice level in participatory design rationale : studying practitioner moves and choices
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Real-time systems development
Design for Six Sigma : a practical approach through innovation
Risk management in ERP Projects : Case: Upgrading to Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
Self-management in distributed systems : smart adaptive framework for pervasive computing environments
An architecture for flexible manufacturing systems based on task-driven agents
With the rise of ubiquitous computing technologies in everyday life, the daily actions of people are becoming ever more choreographed by the interactions available through technology. By combining the notion of inscriptions from actor-network theory and the qualitative descriptors of movement from Laban movement analysis, an analytic framework is proposed for exploring how the interplay of material and social inscriptions gives rise to movement patterns and behaviors, translated into choreographic inscriptions described with Laban effort and shape. It is demonstrated through a case study of an affective gesture mobile device. The framework provides an understanding of (a) how movement qualities are shaped by social and material inscriptions, (b) how the relative strength of inscriptions on movements may change according to different settings and user appropriation over time, and (c) how transforming inscriptions by design across different mediums can generate action spaces with varying degrees of openness..
It seems logical to argue that mobile computing technologies are intended for use “on-the-go.” However, on closer inspection, the use of mobile technologies pose a number of challenges for users who are mobile, particularly moving around on foot. In engaging with such mobile technologies and their envisaged development, we argue that interaction designers must increasingly consider a multitude of perspectives that relate to walking in order to frame design problems appropriately. In this paper, we consider a number of perspectives on walking, and we discuss how these may inspire the design of mobile technologies. Drawing on insights from non-representational theory, we develop a partial vocabulary with which to engage with qualities of pedestrian mobility, and we outline how taking more mindful approaches to walking may enrich and inform the design space of handheld technologies..
Designing connected products : UX for the consumer internet of things
DMN method and style : the practitioner's guide to decision modeling with business rules
Gamification with Unity 5.x : build exhilarating gaming experiences using a wide range of game elements in Unity 5.x
A web for everyone : designing accessible user experiences
Choreographic inscriptions : a framework for exploring sociomaterial influences on qualities of movement for HCI
Design of a HMI platform for network control and substation automation systems
