http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28328 Iran-Iraq War
Iran-Iraq War
Iran and Iraq : war, society and politics 1980-1986
The nuclear taboo : the United States and the non-use of nuclear weapons since 1945
The Iran - Iraq war (1980-1988) and the law of naval warfare
The Gulf war : the origins and implications of the Iraq-Iran conflict
A war too far : Iraq, Iran and the new American century
The middle east : 2000 years of history from the rise of christianity to the present day
Groupthink in government : a study of small groups and policy failure
Soft weapons : autobiography in transit
The economic consequences of the Gulf war
Children of the jacaranda tree
Security complex in the Persian Gulf in the aftermath of the Iraq War
Major political events in Iran, Iraq and the Arabian Peninsula 1945-1990
The global cold war : third world interventions and the making of our times
The national security constitution : sharing power after the Iran-Contra Affair
Trouble in the west : Egypt and the Persian Empire, 525-332 BCE
Iraq : from Sumer to Saddam
Allah o Akbar : a journey through militant Islam
Persian mirrors : the elusive face of Iran
The Iran threat : President Ahmadinejad and the coming nuclear crisis
Azerbaijan : ethnicity and the struggle for power in Iran
The Finnish yearbook of international law. 7, (1996)
The Long March : eyewitness accounts
Involvement by invitation : American strategies of containment in Iran
Iran and the Cold War : the Azerbaijan crisis of 1946
Love in a torn land : one woman's daring escape from Saddam's poison gas attacks on the Kurdish people of Iraq
My turn to speak : Iran, the revolution & secret deals with the U.S
The Persians : an introduction
The politics of chaos in the Middle East
The origins of the cold war in the Near East : great power conflict and diplomacy in Iran, Turkey, and Greece
The great war for civilisation : the conquest of the Middle East
At the dawn of the Cold War : the Soviet-American crisis over Iranian Azerbaijan, 1941-1946
The Gulf war of 1980-1988 : the Iran-Iraq war in international legal perspective
Hot spots and dodgy places : travels through North Korea, Sudan and distant lands
Iranian perspectives on the Iran-Iraq war
Discourse and the construction of society : comparative studies of myth, ritual, and classification
The United Nations and peace enforcement : wars, terrorism and democracy
The Iran-Iraq war 1980-1988
Saddam Hussein : a political biography
Xerxes' Greek adventure : the naval perspective
Destroying world order : U.S. imperialism in the Middle East before and after September 11
Passing the open windows : a quantitative and qualitative approach to immediate military balance and escalation of protracted conflicts
Kurdistan : in the shadow of history
Culture of terrorism
The Persian Gulf War : lessons for strategy, law, and diplomacy
Fortune told in blood
The madman of Freedom square
The Greek wars : the failure of Persia
The return of history and the end of dreams
The international politics of the Persian Gulf : a cultural genealogy
Sacred space and holy war : the politics, culture and history of Shi'ite Islam
Islam and the myth of confrontation : religion and politics in the Middle East
The Roman eastern frontier and the Persian Wars. Pt. 2, AD 363-630 : a narrative sourcebook
The Iran-Iraq War : impact and implications
Herodot und das Persische Weltreich = Herodotus and the Persian Empire : Akten des 3. Internationalen Kolloquiums zum Thema "Vorderasien im Spannungsfeld klassischer und altorientalischer Überlieferungen," Innsbruck, 24.-28. November 2008
"Herodotus and the Persian Empire" comprises contributions of an international conference held in Innsbruck in November 2008, which was attended by renowned scholars from Europe, America and Australia. The volume is published within a larger context of research. Its preoccupation is centred on a scholarly discussion of the Greek historiography, focussing on the Historical World of Ancient Middle East. The newly established series "Classica et Orientalia" offers a stage of publication to such studies like "Ktesias' World" (CLeO 1), "The Achaemenid Court" (CLeO 2) and "Herodotus and the Persian Empire" (CLeO 3). In the current volume, 33 contributors discuss Herodotus' Histories under various points of view, in essays written in English as well as German. On the basis of Ancient Near Eastern source material, the texts are analyzed within literary studies.
The Kuwait crisis : basic documents
Meanings of war & peace
From revolution to war : state relations in a world of change
Treacherous alliance : the secret dealings of Israel, Iran, and the United States
Constructions of conflict : transmitting memories of the past in European historiography, culture, and media
Iraq since 1958 : from revolution to dictatorship
The Iraq-Iran conflict
Nations at war : a scientific study of international conflict
Amidst the Iran-Iraq War, two Iraqi soldiers find themselves stationed on an isolated mountain peak with orders to observe the enemy's troop movements. As they watch the brutal destruction brought about by the intelligence they have gathered, their loyalty to their country and each other is tested. As in all wars, both Iraq and Iran demonized each other as the war raged during the 1980s.In "Fortune Told in Blood", written during the mid-1990s as Iran was recovering, Davud Ghaffarzadegan labours to undo the damage caused by this process. The author, an Iranian, writes from the Iraqi perspective, thus humanizing the enemy and challenging his reader to do so as well. A deft and economical storyteller, Davud Ghaffarzadegan has received considerable critical and popular acclaim in Iran, though his work has never before been translated into English. M. R. Ghanoonparvar's exquisite translation remedies this oversight and expands the body of literature on the Iran-Iraq War available to the West.
Iran and Iraq : religion, war, and geopolitics
Warring souls : youth, media, and martyrdom in post-revolution Iran
Conflicts in the Middle East since 1945
The Times guide to the Middle East : the Arab world and its neighbours
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
The long march : Xenophon and the ten thousand
