http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2830 widows and widowers
widows and widowers widows widowers and widows widowers
Casting the first stone
Faith & fidelity
The wrong blood
Widows in African societies : choices and constraints
The dark tide
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
The winter boy
The mariner's star
The beach hut
The trader's sister
The night guest
For better, for worse
The woman next door
This is your life, Harriet Chance!
The widows of Eastwick
The secrets of a scoundrel
Everybody's fine
Told in silence
Widows. Vol. 1, The Middle East, Asia and the Pacific
Walking back to happiness
Since being widowed two years ago, Kitty Cateril has been trapped in her late husband's home, where she is expected to mourn forever. Desperate to escape, Kitty will consider any option even a hasty marriage to a stranger with no intention of abandoning his bachelor ways. London life suits Beau Braydon, especially his work keeping Britain safe. So when he inherits the title of Viscount Dauntry, he has no intention of resettling on a rural estate. He can't resist the opportunity to marry a sensible widow who can manage Beauchamp Abbey for him until he realizes Kitty is more than he bargained for...
The viscount needs a wife
Send me a lover
The Sigh
Dying scream
The plumed serpent
Widow’s guide to healing : gentle support and advice for the first 5 Years
Audition
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
The beginner's goodbye
The promise
Thief of shadows : a Maiden Lane novel
First season ; Bride to be
A married man
An heiress at heart
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Older widows and the lifecourse : multiple narratives of hidden lives
The names
House of orphans
The miner's daughter
American wife : a memoir of love, service, faith, and renewal
To tempt an Irish rogue
Lost innocence
The widow's auction : a novella
David Hartford, Earl of Castledon, is unwilling to break out of his prison of sorrow after the death of his wife, though everyone expects him to remarry and beget an heir. Impulsive Amelia Andrews befriends Lord Castledon and decides that he would make the perfect match for her prim older sister. Amelia cannot help but see the lonely man behind David's grim exterior-- and caught beneath his piercing stare, she wonders how to melt his icy heart. When Amelia is caught in a web of ruin, David cannot stand aside and let her suffer. Can an unexpected marriage bring about a love even greater than the one he lost? – WorldCat.
Telling absence : war widows, loss and memory
The soulmate
Mortality after death of spouse in relation to duration of breavement in Finland
Cherry tree lane
The lovers
Red hats : a novel
Widows and orphans first : the family economy and social welfare policy, 1880-1939
The proposal
Major Pettigrew's last stand
Porch lights
Gold Coast
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
The bay of angels
News of the world : a novel
Before the Poison
Nora Webster : a novel
Lady Vernon and her daughter : a novel of Jane Austen's Lady Susan
Knit one, pearl one
The countess conspiracy
The importance of being Myrtle
Meet me on the beach
The second love of my life
David Fisher has lived by the rules all his life. Born to a Mennonite family, he obeyed his father and took over the family farm, married, and had two children. Now with both his kids in college and his wife deceased, he runs his farm alone and without joy, counting off the days of his life half-lived. When gay Manhattan party boy Christie Landon heads to the country for a break, he decides to approach his neighbor, David, with a plan to share meals and grocery expenses. David agrees, and soon the odd couple finds they really enjoy spending time together. Christie brings out feelings in David he buried long ago, and if he can break free of the past, he might find a second chance at happiness.
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Only beloved
Loneliness among elderly widows and it’s effect on their mental well being : Literature review
Web of love
The curriculum vitae of Aurora Ortiz
The magic of Christmas
Cold-hearted rake
Life after you : a mother's true story of life after loss
Strong women
The yellow houses
And then comes marriage
First comes marriage
Between poverty and the pyre : moments in the history of widowhood
"#1 New York Times bestseller Harlan Coben delivers his next impossible-to-put-down thriller.  In the course of eight consecutive #1 New York Times bestsellers, millions of readers have discovered Harlan Coben's page-turning thrillers, filled with his trademark edge-of-your-seat suspense and gut-wrenching emotion. In Fool Me Once, Coben once again outdoes himself.  Former special ops pilot Maya, home from the war, sees an unthinkable image captured by her nanny cam while she is at work: her two-year-old daughter playing with Maya's husband, Joe--who had been brutally murdered two weeks earlier. The provocative question at the heart of the mystery: Can you believe everything you see with your own eyes, even when you desperately want to? To find the answer, Maya must finally come to terms with deep secrets and deceit in her own past before she can face the unbelievable truth about her husband--and herself"--
That scandalous summer
A second harvest
The myth of Sati : (some dimensions of widow burning)
Perhaps tomorrow
Land use rights and gender in Ovamboland, North- Central Namibia, since the 1930s
This thesis concerns feminist sociological analysis of war loss and its consequences as experienced and told by Finnish Karelian war widows of World War 2. They lost their partners and had to leave their homes by force, when Karelia was evacuated twice in 1939\1944. Over 400,000 refugees from this ceded South-Eastern area were permanently resettled elsewhere in Finland. Finnish war widows\2019 telling of history has been missing from academic research, for this the subject has not been investigated prior to this present work. The research material the thesis reports on was gathered in interviews with five Karelian war widows, through examining Karelian life stories in the Finnish Literature Society\2019s Folklore Archive, and also researching war widows\2019 assistance pension letters in the State Treasury.
"In the social whirl of Regency England, Elizabeth Chudderley is at the top of every guest list, the life of every party, and the belle of every ball. But her friends and admirers would be stunned to know the truth: that the merriest widow in London is also the loneliest. Behind the gaiety and smiles lies a secret longing--for something, or someone, to whisk her away....  Raised in scandal, Lord Michael de Grey is convinced that love is a losing gamble--and seduction the only game worth playing. But when duty threatens to trump everything he desires, the only way out is marriage to a woman of his brother's choosing. Elizabeth Chudderley is delightful, delicious--and distressingly attractive. With such a captivating opponent, Michael isn't quite sure who is winning the game. How can such passionate players negotiate a marriage of necessity--when their hearts have needs of their own?"
Undressed by the Earl
Fool me once
Birthright
Ride the fire
The escape
Widowhood in medieval and early modern Europe
The widower's tale
Widows. Vol. 2, North America
Choral society
Seven years to sin
Big girl panties : a novel
The Christmas wedding
In agrarian economies arable land is the most important form of property and productive resource, so that access to land defines the political and social status of a member of society. This paper examines changes in property and particularly land use rights in North-Central Namibia, paying special reference to gender inequality in access to land. The problem is approached by exploring the coping strategies of widowed and divorced persons after the dissolution of their marriage. Where property rights and gender inequality have traditionally been investigated on the basis of administrative records, survey data or oral information, this paper approaches such problems from a new perspective, through life histories of the Christian population transcribed from parish registers of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia. Linking of the parish register data to anthropological, ethnographic, socio-economic and cultural information markedly widens our scope for discussing rights over communal lands. The paper shows that remarriage was a real solution for many widows and divorced women in the 1930s and 1940s if they were at the best childbearing age. A dramatic decrease in the remarriage rate occurred from the mid-1950s onwards, however, which was related to socio-economic changes in society.
What dreams may come
Why lords lose their hearts
Too close to the edge
Pawn shop
The widow's tale
High tide
Widows, abandoned and destitute women in India
The Provence cure for the brokenhearted
Twenty wishes
Before the poison
A powerful tale of love, grief and survival, perfect for fans of Cecelia Ahern, Lucy Dillon and Miranda Dickinson. In the small Cornish town of Talting, everyone is known for something. Up to the age of twenty-four, artist Rose Walker was known for lots of things: her infectious positivity; her unique artistic talent; her second-to-none cookery skills; and, of course, her devotion to childhood sweetheart and husband Lucas. But, two years ago, all of that changed in one, unthinkable moment. Now, Rose is known for being a young woman who became a widow aged just twenty-five. Rose knows that life must - should - go on. But the prospect of trying to carve out a future for herself is one she can still barely entertain. Until a newcomer, Robert Green, arrives in Talting for the summer... Can Rose allow herself the chance to love again? Get lost in Victoria Walters' immensely touching debut novel, and discover a world that will capture your imagination and heart.
The hero
Second sight
Whisper of scandal
The story of beautiful girl
What an earl wants
Madame Verona comes down the hill
Gendered violence : patterns and causes of women-to-women violence in the Lake Zone regions of Tanzania, East Africa
