http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28349 transmedia
transmedia
The World Hobbit Project in Finland : Audience responses and transmedial user practices
Transmedia storytelling and Lost path to success
Transmedia marketing : from film and tv to games and digital media
National imagery in Finnish folk metal : lyrics, Facebook and beyond
Imaginative, immersive and interactive engagements : the rhetoric of worldbuilding in contemporary speculative fiction
A creator's guide to transmedia storytelling : how to captivate and engage audiences across multiple platforms
Transmedia television : audiences, new media and daily life
Media transformation : the transfer of media characteristics among media
"Why are some kinds of information and qualities possible to transfer from one medium to another type of medium, whereas others resist intermedial transfer? This basic question guides the investigations in Media Transformation of communicative phenomena that are in a way self-evident and yet highly complex and difficult to explain. The book is a methodical study of the material and mental limit and possibilities of transferring information and media characteristics among dissimilar media. Whereas media such as speech, gestures, writing, music, films, and websites are clearly different, they also have common traits that enable systematic comparison. Elleström proposes a theoretical model for pinpointing the most vital conceptual entities and stages of intermedial transfers and illustrates how the model can be used in practical analysis"--
The early years of the twenty-first century have seen dramatic changes within the television industry. The development of the internet and mobile phone as platforms for content directly linked to television programming has offered a challenge to the television set’s status as the sole domestic access point to audio-visual dramatic content. Viewers can engage with ‘television’ without ever turning a television set on. Whilst there has already been some exploration of these changes, little attention has been paid to the audience and the extent to which these technologies are being integrated into their daily lives. Focusing on a particular period of rapid change and using case studies including Spooks, 24 and Doctor Who, Transmedia Television considers how the television industry has exploited emergent technologies and the extent to which audiences have embraced them. How has television content been transformed by shifts towards multiplatform strategies? What is the appeal of using game formats to lose oneself within a narrative world? How can television, with its ever larger screens and association with domesticity, be reconciled with the small portable, public technology of the mobile phone? What does the shift from television schedules to online downloading mean for our understanding of ‘the television audience’? Transmedia Television will consider how the relationship between television and daily life has been altered as a result of the industry’s development of emerging new media technologies, and what ‘television’ now means for its audiences.
A Book Review: Colin B. Harvey – Fantastic Transmedia: Narrative, Play and Memory Across Science Fiction and Fantasy Storyworlds
Multimedia works and the issue of categorisation
Fantastic transmedia : narrative, play and memory across science fiction and fantasy storyworlds
Crossing borders and boundaries in public service media : [RIPE@2015]
