http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28424 service export
service export services export
Russia in the Finnish economy
Free movement of goods and services within the European Community
Improvement of customer service through logistics activities : case: OOO Kemppi
A handbook of international trade in services
The Prentice Hall encyclopedia of model business plans
Finnish export promotion services and their usefulness in small and medium-sized companies
Obstacles to and strategies of the internationalization of Finnish service companies
Latin America and global capitalism : a critical globalization perspective
Internationalization of Finnish small and medium-sized service companies
Activating the sales in Sweden : case: Lennol Oy
Internationalisation and trade in higher education : opportunities and challenges
International trade in services
Creating and testing of service ideas and service production concepts
Sport as an industry in Finland : exploring the economic significance, contributions, and development of the sport sector as an industry
The thesis (30 ECTS) commissioned by HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences in January 2011 focuses on answering the main research question 'How does an export of education process look and what are the most central components?' The thesis project is topical, as it relates to the amendment of Finnish legislation in 2008 and to HAAGA-HELIA's international strategy in 2010. This research is needed, because the concept of education exports is relatively unknown in Finland, but there is international demand for Finnish competence. The purpose of the thesis is descriptive and it aims to reach its three objectives: to define the export of education service concept in HAAGA-HELIA, to describe the process of education exports and to explore more generally how the export of education can be done within higher education institutions. The definition, the process description and general recommendations for export of education are the outcomes of this thesis and the thesis itself is a handbook manuscript.     The methodological approach is highly deductive and is supported by an extensive literature review. The theoretical framework was created and completed based on ten expert interviews providing practical knowledge of education exports. The interviewees were from HAAGA-HELIA and from Finnish and foreign higher education institutions. The interviews were completed in three cycles by applying an action research strategy.     Export of education means exporting Finnish competence abroad, based on the customer's needs. Internationally it means transnational education and is connected to student recruitment. The aim of the education exports is to influence on the development of the target society through education. A customized export of education service is built by selecting the right service package elements: core, enabling and enhancing service modules responding to the customer's needs. The process of education exports is a circle of eight steps and performed by completing the selected modules within a certain order.     In conclusion, the developed models are practical and useful tools for education exporters. The service provider of education exports should pay extra attention to careful planning, getting personnel committed, networking with co-operators and managing quality.
The Oxford companion to the economics of China
Education export at the University of Helsinki : first steps 2011-2012
Abstract: Finnish companies providing services within Northern Europe.
The essence of international marketing
A portrait of trading firms in the services sectors : comparable evidence from four EU countries
International trade in goods and services
Exporting services : a developing country perspective
The performance of trading firms in the services sectors : comparable evidence from four EU countries
Export of Education : Case HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences
Companion encyclopedia of marketing
Executive summary (s. 11-16).
Textbook on EC law
Exploring e-marketing opportunities for exporting education services : case HAAGA-HELIA Global Education Services
International marketing
Services: the export of the 21st century : a guidebook for US service exporters
International marketing strategy
This Bachelor's thesis examines online marketing opportunities for exporting education programs and education consulting services from Finland and internationally. The objective of the study is to determine how is the current B2B environment in e-marketing communications. The purpose of this research is to provide useful information on e-marketing strategies that would benefit HAAGA-HELIA Global Education Services (HAAGA-HELIA GES). This study consists of a theoretical section that supports the relationship between traditional offline marketing theories and new theoretical models that explain online marketing activities. The empirical section examines popular online marketing tools, channels, and environments including social media, in the framework of B2B communications. The qualitative research method employed included both qualitative interviews and observations. The analysis of the current e-marketing activities in the firms involved in exporting education internationally was sought through qualitative interviews. The qualitative research method was chosen with the objective to gain insight on the main communication channels and methods used by marketing managers, and how communications where handled online. The interviews with marketing managers in different organizations involved in exporting education revealed that while the firms are seeking to increase their online presence, their marketing budget did not include e-marketing strategies in the current marketing communications plan. The final recommendation points out the challenge for HAAGA-HELIA GES in selecting, executing, and monitoring significantly strategic new platforms, tools and channels. A successful communication plan should include e-marketing strategies, offline marketing activities aligned with the overall marketing strategy, and with a focus on reach, engage, and maintain the target customer.
Export of education : case HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences
