http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28416 Windows 10
Windows 10
Windows 10 Bible
Microsoft Office 365 & PowerPoint 2016 : Introductory
Windows 10 for dummies
Windows 8.1 administration pocket consultant : storage, security, & networking
Windows 10 For Dummies covers the latest version of Windows and gets you up and running with the changes and new features you'll find in this updated operating system. Packed with time-saving tips to help you get the most out of the software, this helpful Windows 10 guide shows you how to manage Windows tasks like navigating the interface with a mouse or touchscreen, connecting to the web, and troubleshooting problems and making quick fixes. Assuming no prior knowledge of the software, Windows 10 For Dummies addresses the updates to Windows and shows you how to get things accomplished. Focusing on the features you'll go to again and again, this new edition of this bestselling tech book will have you quickly finding files, connecting to the Web, gathering your email and social accounts in one spot, managing apps, creating and managing accounts, using online tools, customizing your settings, and so much moremaking you a Windows whiz in no time.
Automated Basic Tester
Windows 10 : for PCs, laptops and touch devices
Current, essential IT networking skills made easy! Thoroughly revised to cover the latest technologies, this practical resource provides you with a solid foundation in networking fundamentals. Networking: A Beginner's Guide, Sixth Edition discusses wired and wireless network design, configuration, hardware, protocols, security, backup, recovery, and virtualization. You'll also get step-by-step instructions for installing, configuring, and managing Windows Server 2012, Exchange Server 2013, Oracle Linux, and Apache. This is the perfect book for anyone starting a networking career or in need of an easy-to-follow refresher. Understand network cabling, topologies, hardware, and the OSI seven-layer model; Connect LANs and WANs; Configure network protocols, such as TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, SMTP, DHCP, HTTP, WINS, and more; Explore directory services, such as Microsoft's Active Directory, X.400, and LDAP; Enable and support remote network access; Secure your network and handle backup and disaster recovery; Select, install, and manage reliable network servers, including Windows Server 2012, Exchange Server 2013, Oracle Linux, and Apache; Manage network workstation computers; Design a robust network from the ground up; Work with virtualization technologies, such as Hyper-V, VMWare, and Oracle VM VirtualBox. - Publisher.
Microsoft Windows 10 made easy
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Wireless Control System for an Industrial Robot
Learn Raspberry Pi 2 with Linux and Windows 10
Windows 10 inside out
Networking : a beginner's guide
