http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28433 bioactive compounds
bioactive compounds
The impact of genetic background and cultivation methods on the bioactive compounds and sensory properties of strawberries
Plant phenolics and human health : biochemistry, nutrition, and pharmacology
Changes in antagonistic activity of lactic acid bacteria induced by their response to technological factors
Cyanobacterial bioactive compounds : biosynthesis, evolution, structure and bioactivity
Bioactive compounds in foods
Phytochemicals beyond whole grains and health : non-targeted metabolite profiling in whole grain research
Effect of extrusion cooking on the nutritional properties of amaranth, quinoa, kañiwa and lupine
Healthgrain methods : analysis of bioactive components in small grain cereals
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
The extracts of Aspergillus niger, Lactobacillus lactis and Nigella sativa seeds as aflatoxin and growth inhibitors of Aspergillus flavus were screened. Minimal inhibitory (MIC) and minimal fungicidal (MFC) concentrations of the extracts were determined. N. sativa seeds extract showed a higher inhibitory effect than the other two bioagents extracts. The results show that N. sativa extract inhibits growth and aflatoxin production, which may be due to a reduction in lipid biosynthesis in the toxin producing cultures. The correlation between versicolorin A accumulation and aflatoxin biosynthesis by A. flavus Link was also discussed. It could be of significant importance as bio-preservatives in the prevention and control of aflatoxin production.
Effect of some bioagents on growth and toxin production of  Aspergillus flavus Link
Cracking the code of chikungunya virus : inhibitors as tools to explore alphavirus biology
Natural product formation by plants; enhancement, analysis, processing and testing
The effect of systemically and locally administered clodronate on bone quality
Proceedings of the Ist World Congress on the use of Biostimulants in Agriculture : Strasbourg, France, November 26-29, 2012
Marine myxobacteria as a source of antibiotics
The formation and antimicrobial activity of nisin and plant derived bioactive components in lactic acid bacteria fermentations
This study examined the changes in antagonistic activity of selected lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in response to technological factors used in food production. The antimicrobial activity of 12 selected LAB strains was assessed against the bacterial and fungal strains using the agar well diffusion method. Sodium chloride (NaCl) 6.5-8.0%, glucose 20-30% and pH 4.0, pH 8.0 and higher were the most crucial factors in reducing the spectra of the microorganisms antagonized. Heating at 80 °C or 100 °C had a greater negative impact than 63 °C on the antifungal activity of LAB. Freezing at -72 °C eliminated the antifungal activity, or it changed from fungicidal to fungistatic. Although each LAB demonstrated the ability to retain antimicrobial activity induced by various technological factors, Lactococcus lactis 768/5 was superior in retaining high antimicrobial activity against tested indicator strains.
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
