http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28487 motif indexes
motif indexes
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part B, Folk legends. Vol. 2
Motif, type and genre : a manual for compilation of indices & a bibliography of indices and indexing
Ariadne's thread : a guide to international tales found in classical literature
The catalogue of folklore and mythology contains ca. 50,000 abstracts of oral texts from all over the  world. The distribution of  2,000 cosmological and etiological motifs, adventure and trickster episodes is systematically checked across almost 1,000 traditions. The database was developed as a tool for the research of prehistoric migrations and cultural interactions. The present article introduces and illustrates its potential for research..
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 2, Matière de Bretagne : Lancelot 3 - Wolfram von Eschenbach, Titurel
The type and motif index of Finnish belief legends and memorates
A motif index of The thousand and one nights
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 5, Romances of antiquity
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 6, Index
Catalogue of the Khoisan folktales of Southern Africa
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 2, Tales of the stupid ogre, anecdotes and jokes, and formula tales
A tale-type index of Australian Aboriginal oral narratives
Folklore and mythology catalogue : its lay-out and potential for research
Types of Indic oral tales : supplement
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Volume 7, Index of cultural keywords
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 1, Animal tales, tales of magic, religious tales, and realistic tales
Motif-index of folk-literature : a classification of narrative elements in folk-tales, ballads, myths, fables, mediæval romances, exempla, fabliaux, jest-books, and local legends
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 3, Miscellaneous romances ; Oriental romances ; Chansons de geste
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 4, Heroic epic : Maere and novellas
A motif-index of Luis Rosado Vega's Mayan legends
Children born from eggs : African magic tales : texts and discussions
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 1, Matière de Bretagne : Albrecht, Jüngerer Titurel - Lancelot 2
Fairy tales and society : illusion, allusion, and paradigm
Archetypes and motifs in folklore and literature : a handbook
Greek magic tales : aspects of research in folklore studies and anthropology
Speak, bird, speak again : Palestinian Arabic folktales
Catalogue of Portuguese folktales
The Jewish story finder : a guide to 668 tales listing subjects and sources
Popular stories of ancient Egypt
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 3, Appendices
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part II, Tales of the stupid ogre, anecdotes and jokes, and formula tales
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography, based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 2, Tales of the stupid ogre, anecdotes and jokes, and formula tales
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part I, Animal tales, tales of magic, religious tales, and realistic tales, with an introduction
Tall Betsy and Dunce Baby : South Georgia folktales
