http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28414 British Sign Language
British Sign Language
Sign language : study of deaf people and their language
Teaching and learning signed languages : international perspectives and practices
The book describes the regular components of the signs of British Sign Language (BSL), including the main handshapes, positions and movements. It also provides a notation system which should be of use to all those who like to write down BSL signs.
This book takes a close look at the ways that five sign languages borrow elements from the surrounding, dominant spoken language community where each is situated. It offers careful analyses of semantic, morphosyntactic and phonological adaption of forms taken from a source language (in this case a spoken language) to a recipient signed language. The contributions in this volume also examine the social attitudes and cultural values that play a role in this linguistic process. Since the cultural identity of Deaf communities is manifested most strongly in their sign languages, this topic is of interest for cultural and linguistic reasons. Linguists interested in phonolgy, morphology, word formation, bilingualism, and linguistic anthropology will find this an interesting set of cases of language contact. Interpreters and sign language techers will also find a wealth of interesting facts about the sign languages of these diverse Deaf communities.
Minority languages in Europe : frameworks, status, prospects
Foreign vocabulary in sign languages : a cross-linguistic investigation of word formation
As the first book of its kind, this volume with contributions from many well known scholars brings together some of the most recent original work on sign language acquisition in children learning a variety of different signed languages (i.e., Brazilian Sign Language, American SL, SL of the Netherlands, British SL, SL of Nicaragua, and Italian SL). In addition, the volume addresses methodological and theoretical issues in both sign language research and child language development in general. The book includes both overview chapters addressing matters of general concern in the study of sign language acquisition and chapters related to more specific topics such as sign language phonology, complex sentence structure and verb phrase development. This book will be of interest to sign language researchers, child language specialists and communication disorders professionals alike. The material is presented in such a way that also novices to the area of sign language study will find the text accessible.
Discourse in Signed Languages
Signed languages : discoveries from international research
A Pictorial History of the Evolution of the British Manual Alphabet
Recent research on European sign languages
Language in sign : an international perspective on sign language
The expression of possession
Modality and structure in signed and spoken languages
International symposium on sign language research 1, Skepparholmen, Sweden, June 10-16.1979 : papers : a compilation of papers presented at STOCKHOLM-79
What are the unique characteristics of sign languages that make them so fascinating? What have recent researchers discovered about them, and what do these findings tell us about human language more generally? This thematic and geographic overview examines more than forty sign languages from around the world. It begins by investigating how sign languages have survived and been transmitted for generations, and then goes on to analyse the common characteristics shared by most sign languages: for example, how the use of the visual system affects grammatical structures. The final section describes the phenomena of language variation and change. Drawing on a wide range of examples, the book explores sign languages both old and young, from British, Italian, Asian and American to Israeli, Al-Sayyid Bedouin, African and Nicaraguan.
The signed English dictionary for preschool and elementary levels
Simultaneity in signed languages : form and function
British sign language of Sheffield
Sign language : the study of deaf people and their language
Cross-linguistic perspectives in sign language research : selected papers from TISLR 2000
British sign language for dummies
The hands are the head of the mouth : the mouth as articulator in sign languages
Is it possible to identify sign languages by their prosody, that is, the rhythm and stress of their meaning, then determine if they are related to each other or other sign languages? If so, reasoned authors Donna Jo Napoli, Mark Mai, and Nicholas Gaw, perhaps they could offer such identification as a new way to typologize, or categorize sign languages by their structural features. Their new collaboration Primary Movement in Sign Languages: A Study of Six Languages traces the process and findings from this unique investigation. Resolving on the direction of movement as the prosodic factor to track, they began their research by comparing five sign languages: American Sign Language (ASL), British Sign Language (BSL), Italian Sign Language (LIS), French Sign Language (LSF), and Australian Sign Language (Auslan). They soon discovered that the languages in their study clustered with respect to several characteristics along genetic lines, with BSL and Auslan contrasting with LSF, LIS, and ASL. They learned that sign languages with the same geographic origin evolved differently when relocated, and they isolated differences in each individual sign language. They compared these established sign languages with the newly emerging Nicaraguan Sign Language (NSL), with the exception of ASL due to their past close contact, thereby validating their work as the first study to identify sign language relationships without depending on grammar.
Perspectives on classifier constructions in sign languages
Words in hand : a structural analysis of the signs of British Sign Language
The comprehensive signed English dictionary
Word formation in British sign language
This book takes a close look at the ways that five sign languages borrow elements from the surrounding, dominant spoken language community where each is situated. It offers careful analyses of semantic, morphosyntactic, and phonological adaption of forms taken from a source language (in this case a spoken language) to a recipient signed language. In addition, the contributions contained in the volume examine the social attitudes and cultural values that play a role in this linguistic process. Since the cultural identity of Deaf communities is manifested most strongly in their sign languages, this topic is of interest for cultural and linguistic reasons. Linguists interested in phonology, morphology, word formation, bilingualism, and linguistic anthropology will find this an interesting set of cases of language contact. Interpreters and sign language teachers will also find a wealth of interesting facts about the sign languages of these diverse Deaf communities.
As access to deaf people grows around the world, a new profession has begun to emerge as well, that of Deaf translators and interpreters (T/Is). In his new study Toward a Deaf Translation Norm, Christopher Stone explores this innovation, including its antecedents and how it is manifested in public places. Most importantly, Stone investigates whether or not a translation norm has evolved for Deaf T/Is as increasing numbers of them work in the mainstream translating for websites, public services, government literature, and television media. For his study, the sixth volume in the Studies in Interpretation series, Stone concentrated his research in the United Kingdom. Specifically, he examined the rendering of English broadcast television news into British Sign Language (BSL) by both Deaf and hearing T/Is. Segments of the data feature simultaneous Deaf and hearing in-vision T/I broadcasts. Recording these broadcasts produced a controlled product that enabled direct comparison of the Deaf and hearing T/Is. Close analysis of these examples revealed to Stone that Deaf T/s not only employ a Deaf translation norm, they take labors to shape their BSL text into a stand-alone product rather than a translation. Ultimately, Toward a Deaf Translation Norm opens up engrossing new vistas on current deliberation about neutrality in translation and interpretation.
Perspectives on British sign language and deafness
Primary movement in sign languages : a study of six languages
Storytelling and conversation : discourse in deaf communities
The linguistics of British sign language : an introduction
Toward a deaf translation norm
British sign language
This is the first book to consider frequently misunderstood form of communication - controversy has raged for 100 years as to sign language suitabilitys for the teaching of the deaf. The three sections of this book examine recent research on the main aspects of BSL. It is examined in its educational context and as a language its own right from the theoretical linguists' and psycholinguistics' viewpoint; there is also a contribution from a prelingually deaf researcher of the social importance of BSL to the deaf community, and a chapter on the skilled art of simultaneous interpreting from normal speech to sign language.
