http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2846 food preparation
food preparation
Peppers - a cookbook
The Boston cooking-school cook book
Hairy Bikers' 12 days of Christmas
The satanic mechanic : a Tannie Maria mystery
Cookery around the world 1950.
From the pages of The Simple Things - the London-based home and lifestyle magazine dedicated to taking the time to live well - comes a lavishly illustrated collection that will help you slow down, enjoy what you have and make the most of where you live. This celebration of contemporary British home life presents readers with novel household ideas, simple entertaining and Do-It-Yourself advice, as well as scrumptious and hearty recipes and the best ways in which to share the bounty with friends and family.
Malaysian cookery
Simplissime : the easiest French cookbook in the world
Potty! : Clarissa's one pot cookbook
Living paleo for dummies
The Oriental cookbook
French cooking
The camper van bible : live, eat, sleep (repeat)
Mini-meals for foodservice menu planning
The round-the-world cookbook
Mozzarella: inventive recipes from leading chefs with buffalo mozzarella
Philip Harben's cookery encyclopaedia
Food for friends
Chef for all seasons
Food from the fire
Lilja : Interior design and business gift product for Klo Designs collection
222 recipes the Greek cookery book
Clean eats : over 200 delicious recipes to reset your body's natural balance and discover what it means to be truly healthy
The popcorn lover's book
Jamie Oliver's Christmas cookbook
Project smoke : seven steps to smoked food nirvana, plus 100 irresistible recipes from classic (slam-dunk brisket) to adventurous (smoked bacon-bourbon apple crisp)
Best of the simple things : taking time to live well
Fast, fresh, simple : 160+ recipes, fresh flavours and simple standbys for every day and any occasion
Indochine : baguettes and bánh mì : finding France in Vietnam
Cooking mama 3 : shop and chop : Nintendo DS
Overcooked : Xbox One
Cookery around the world : Mexico
Eating outdoors
Plenty
A year between friends : 3191 miles apart : crafts, recipes, letters, and stories
Essentials of professional cooking
The air fryer cookbook : deep-fried flavour made easy, without all the fat!
500 recipes : electric mixers and blenders
Posh eggs : over 70 recipes for wonderful eggy things
As the Romans do : la dolce vita in a cookbook : classic and reinvented recipes from Rome
The Potential of a Japanese Restaurant in Vaasa
Food, health, and happiness : 115 on-point recipes for great meals and a better life
Eat your way to a happy, healthy gut with the Healthy Gut Cookbook, a delicious recipe guide to improve your digestive health. Healthy Gut Cookbook is packed with over 120 delicious recipes from sauerkraut to smoothie, and butternut to burritos, proving that healing your digestive system doesn't have to be boring. From an introductory plan to full healthy gut diet, Healthy Gut Cookbook will guide you to digestive health with a tasty mix of recipes fully compatible with diets such as GAPS, paleo, and gluten-free. With an easy step-by-step approach and plenty of tips to save you time and money, Healthy Gut Cookbook is a delicious meal plan guide to improve symptoms of leaky gut, intolerance, and digestive issues.
Culinaria Southeast Asia : a journey through Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 9. Diamond generation
Healthy gut cookbook : 150 stage-by-stage healing recipes to improve your digestive health
Eat with me
Recipes : the cooking of India
The Tuscan sun cookbook : recipes from our Italian kitchen
From The Source - Japan : authentic recipes from the people that know them best
A taste of Norway
COOKERY FOR SPECIFIC DIETS & CONDITIONS. In "Paleo Cooking With Your Instant Pot," bestselling Paleo cookbook author Jennifer Robins teaches readers how to use her favorite tool and secret weapon, the Instant Pot, to cook amazing meals at home with ease. The Instant Pot is a wildly popular and ultra-handy kitchen tool that cooks many different methods using one pot including pressure cooking, slow cooking, steaming and sauteing and can be intimidating until now. Jennifer walks you through the settings and provides top-quality and foolproof recipes that show you everything this cooker is capable of. With the bulk of the work done by the Instant Pot and all in one pot, you spend less time cooking and washing dishes.
The illustrated food and cooking of the Caribbean, Central & South America : history, ingredients, technique, 150 recipes, 700 photographs
F. Scott Fitzgerald's taste of France : recipes inspired by the cafés and bars of Fitzgerald's Paris and the Riviera in the 1920s
Gok cooks Chinese
Traditional Indian cooking
"This is not your average soft-focus "journey to Asia" kind of cookbook. Koreatown is a spicy, funky, flavor-packed love affair with the grit and charm of Korean cooking in America. Koreatowns around the country are synonymous with mealtime feasts and late-night chef hangouts, and Deuki Hong and Matt Rodbard show us why with stories, interviews, and over 100 delicious, super-approachable recipes.      It's spicy, it's fermenty, it's sweet and savory and loaded with umami: Korean cuisine is poised to break out in the U.S., but until now, Korean cookbooks have been focused on taking readers to an idealized Korean fantasyland. Koreatown, though, is all about what's real and happening right here: the foods of Korean American communities all over our country, from L.A. to New York City, from Atlanta to Chicago. We follow Rodbard and Hong through those communities with stories and recipes for everything from beloved Korean barbecue favorites like bulgogi and kalbi to the lesser-known but deeply satisfying stews, soups, noodles, salads, drinks, and the many kimchis of the Korean American table,"--Amazon.com.
Spicy Sichuan cooking
Easy one-pot : over 100 tasty recipes for busy cooks
Everyday fancy : 65 easy, elegant recipes for meals, snacks, sweets and drinks
The tickle fingers toddler cookbook : hands-on fun in the kitchen for 1 to 4s
Recipes for love and murder : a Tannie Maria mystery
Good food from Spain and Portugal
Master class  : for creative cooks
Travels with Thai food : a journey with spirit house
Taiwanese favorites
Pure vegetarian : 180 Indian-inspired recipes to nourish body and soul
200 slow cooker recipes
Overcooked : PS4
The complete Asian cookbook. Japan & Korea
"With dishes created and prepared alongside her favorite chefs, paired with personal essays and memories from Oprah herself, this cookbook offers a candid, behind-the-scenes look into the life (and kitchen) of one of the most influential and respected celebrities in the world"--Back cover.
The coconut flour gourmet : 150 delicious gluten-free coconut flour recipes
Cookery for the catering industry
Quick & easy ketogenic cooking : time-saving paleo recipes and meal plans to improve your health and help you lose weight
Presents a collection of seventy-five recipes for desserts organized by five regions of southern Italy, with a a short history of Italian dessert cooking and advice on ingredients and cooking equipment.
Summary of the chosen methodologies and practices to produce GHGE-estimates for an average European diet
The goodness of Coconut : 40 recipes using natures miracle ingredients
These coconut flour recipes are completely free of wheat, gluten, soy, trans fats, and artificial sweeteners. Coconut flour provides many health benefits: it can improve digestion, help regulate blood sugar, protect against diabetes, help prevent heart disease and cancer, and aid in weight loss.
Supercharged food for kids : building stronger, healthier, brighter kids from the ground up
Mary Jane's hash brownies, hot pot and other marijuana munchies : 30 delectable ways with weed
Jamie's comfort food
Feeling vs. being like a domestic goddess : cookbooks and lifestyle choices
Contact grill
Koreatown : a cookbook
Run fast. eat slow. : Nourishing Recipes for Athletes
The book of whole meals : a seasonal guide to assembling balanced vegetarian breakfasts, lunches & dinners
Quick & Easy Ketogenic Cooking will revolutionize your approach to living a ketogenic lifestyle! Widely known and publicized as a treatment for epilepsy; the Ketgogenic diet can also aid in many other medical conditions including hypertension, obesity and heart disease. This book offers customized programs that outline meal plans and recipes targeting specific conditions, making it easier for those looking for help find information and meal plans quickly. Maria Emmerich is the go-to for recipes among the Ketogenic world.
Porridge : oats + grains + seeds + rice
Grill every day : 125 fast-track recipes for weeknights at the grill
Bakery food manufacture and quality : water control and effects
Miso tasty : the cookbook : everyday, tasty recipes with miso - the Japanese superfood
Cooking with Robert Carrier
Country fare : ideal home exhibition 1954.
Cooking for friends
Step by step Moroccan cooking
Bulgarian dishes
Asian pickles : India : recipes for Indian sweet, sour, salty, and cured pickles and chutneys
101 ways to have fun : things you can do with friends, anytime!
Typical Chinese cooking
Eating in the middle : a mostly wholesome cookbook
Picnics and barbecues
River Cottage fruit every day!
Overcooked : gourmet edition : Xbox One
Paris bistro cookery
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 10. Conditions for battle
Simply satisfying : over 200 vegetarian recipes you’ll want to make again and again
500 Paleo Recipes : hundreds of delicious recipes for weight loss and super health
Paleo cooking with your instant pot : 80 incredible gluten- and grain-free recipes made twice as delicious in half the time
It's all easy : delicious weekday recipes for the super-busy home cook
La methode : an illustrated guide to the fundamental techniques of cooking
The complete Indian housekeeper & cook; giving duties of mistress and servants, the general management of the house and practical recipes for cooking in all its branches
Is it possible to have great tasting gluten-free foods? Yes, with the secret of coconut flour. Coconut flour is made from dried coconut that has been ground into a powder. It looks and feels just like any other flour, but unlike wheat flour, it is completely gluten-free. It is an excellent source of vitamins and minerals and contains about the same amount of protein as whole wheat. It is a good source of calorie-free dietary fibre that is so important for good digestive health. The best part is that it tastes fantastic! Using the basic yeast dough recipe described in this book, you will be able to make gluten-free yeast breads that will remind you of your mothers home-made baked bread. Yet these recipes are easier and quicker to make. With coconut flour and a few other key ingredients, you can make gourmet dinner rolls, sandwich bread, pizza crust, calzones, hamburger and hot dog buns, breadsticks, scones, tortillas, and a variety of artisan breads. The recipes in this book are designed to appeal to a wide range of tastes. For breakfast you will find a variety of sweet and savoury muffins, pancakes, and waffles.
Turkish cooking
Country cooking : regional and traditional recipes from Europe and North America
The book of grilling & barbecues
Jane Grigson's book of European cookery
The phenomenal French bestseller: recipes you can read at a glance and cook in a flash.
The complete book of Oriental cooking
The Engineer's Cookbook
Pass the prosecco, darling! : cooking disasters and other kitchen dramas
A series of delicious eastern food : the quintessence of  dishes in Sichuan style
The Encyclopedia of world cookery
Kitchens of the great Midwest
The complete European cookbook
I quit sugar : slow cooker cookbook : easy, nutritious slow-cooker recipes for busy folk & families
The book of matcha : a superhero tea - what it is, how to drink it, recipes and lots more
Antipasti : fabulous appetizers and small paltes
Easy Indian super meals : for babies, toddlers and the family
Cooking with coconut flour : a delicious low-carb, gluten-free alternative to wheat
AQA GCSE Food Preparation and Nutrition
Chinese cooking made easy : simple and delicious meals in minutes
Samarkand : recipes & stories from Central Asia & the Caucasus
Veganomicon : the ultimate vegan cookbook
Jamie Oliver's Christmas Cookbook will be packed with all the classics you need for the big day and beyond, as well as loads of delicious recipes for edible gifts, party food and new ways to love those leftovers. It's everything you need for the best Christmas ever. Chapters: Introduction Smart Starters The Main Event Veggie and Vegan Plates The Wonderful World of Potatoes Scrumptious Vegetables Gravy, Sauces and all the Trimmings Incredible Leftovers Spectacular Festive Puddings Afternoon Tea and Sweet Treats Cute Edible Gifts Super-Fantastic Salads Dips, Bites and Handheld Nibbles Perfect Christmas Drinks Guide To Roasting Meat "I've got all the bases covered with everything you need for the big day and any feasting meals over the festive period, as well as party fare, edible gifts, teatime treats, cocktails and of course, exciting ways to embrace and celebrate those leftovers. You'll also find all the deeply important technical info you need, such as cooking charts, and wherever possible, I've designed the recipes to be cooked at the same oven temperature, so you can be efficient with time and oven space, and it'll be super-easy for you to mix and match the different elements and build your own perfect Christmas meal. I haven't held back. This book is the greatest hits, all wrapped up in one Christmas parcel, and I hope you have fun looking through, picking your recipes, and building your own plan." Jamie Oliver.
Breddos tacos : the cookbook
Simple New England cookery
Food52 genius recipes : 100 recipes that will change the way you cook
Kitchen secrets
The complete Asian cookbook. Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos & Burma
The China study cookbook : over 120 whole food, plant-based recipes
Managers of restaurants and other foodservice operations need to know how to cook - but do not have to be chefs in order to manage them effectively. Written by Wayne Gisslen, author of the bestselling Professional Cooking, this book gives managers in the foodservice field the information they need about cooking in order to do their jobs well.
Artist, the Cook, and the Gardener : recipes inspired by painting from the garden
Vegan for her : the women's guide to being healthy and fit on a plant-based diet
The world of the happy pear
The melting pot : balkan food and cookery
"With his fabulous restaurants and bestselling Ottolenghi Cookbook, Yotam Ottolenghi has established himself as one of the most exciting new talents in the world of cookery and food writing. This exclusive collection of vegetarian recipes is drawn from his column 'The New Vegetarian' for the Guardian's Weekend magazine, and features both brand-new recipes and dishes first devised for that column. Yotam's food inspiration comes from his strong Mediterranean background and his unapologetic love of ingredients. Not a vegetarian himself, his approach to vegetable dishes is wholly original and innovative, based on strong flavours and stunning, fresh combinations. With sections devoted to cooking greens, aubergines, brassicas, rice and cereals, pasta and couscous, pulses, roots, squashes, onions, fruit, mushrooms and tomatoes, the breadth of colours, tastes and textures is extraordinary. Featuring vibrant, evocative food photography from acclaimed photographer Jonathan Lovekin, and with Yotam's voice and personality shining through, Plenty is a must-have for meat-eaters and vegetarians alike."--Publisher description.
Nadiya's bake me a story
Recipes of all nations
Good food from the Balkans
At home in the whole food kitchen : celebrating the art of eating well
Coconut oil : recipes for real life : over 100 recipes to share with friends and family, using nature's perfect ingredients
"Vegan food with down-home appeal is the sort of vegan food Americans want to eat. Sit down to a dinner that looks and tastes great, but just happens to be completely plant-based so it's also good for you. That's how Ginny McMeans cooks, and here she shares 125 of her favorite recipes. Every recipe can also be made-ahead and frozen for later, as these meals are designed for the busy person. This is delicious, homemade, everyday food that you can cook fresh on a whim or pull from your freezer for a quick healthy supper, "--Amazon.com.
Mary Berry's family sunday lunches : over 150 delicious recipes for a relaxed sunday lunch
Essentials of cooking
Egyptian soups : hot and cold
A quintet of cuisines
The art of Korean cooking
Italian street food : recipes from Italy's bars and hidden laneways
Nadiya's Kitchen : over 100 simple and delicious family recipes
Mad hungry cravings
One pot wonders : 100 comforting recipes to curl up with
The everyday diabetic cookbook
Cook Korean! : a comic book with recipes
The heart of the plate : vegetarian recipes for a new generation
The cookbook of the Institut Paul Bocuse Worldwide Alliance
The hostess book of entertaining
Fifty shades of chicken
Step by step Italian cooking
Mediterranean diet for dummies
Questions & answers for practical cookery
Good housekeeping cookery book
Fondues from around the world : nearly 200 recipes for fish, cheese and meat fondues, oriental hot pots, tempura, sukiyaki, dessert fondues
The olive oil diet : nutritional secrets of the original superfood
Latin American cookbook
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
Easy Thai cookbook : The step-by-step guide to deliciously easy thai food at home
New chinese cookbook
Gordon Ramsay's ultimate home cooking
The make ahead vegan cookbook : 125 freezer-friendly recipes
Food network magazine : e-lehti
The Dean & DeLuca cookbook
Winning recipes : for every day
Southern Italian desserts : rediscovering the sweet traditions of Calabria, Campania, Basilicata, Puglia, and Sicily
Cooking with Coco : family recipes to cook together
Mastering the art of French cooking
Scandinavian cookbook
The plantpower way : whole food plant-based recipes and guidance for the whole family
Oriental cookery
The bountiful kitchen : delicious ideas to turn one dish into two
Greek cooking
China and its cuisine
Clean eating : e-lehti
Spanish cookery : the international wine and food society's guide
Pacific flavors : Thai and Chinese for an American Kitchen
175 best instant pot recipes : for your programmable electric pressure cooker
