http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28492 metaethics
metaethics
Solar ethics
Oxford studies in metaethics. Vol. 3
The development of Bertrand Russell's philosophy
Meaning and normativity
Experimental philosophy. Volume 2
Universalizability : a study in morals and metaphysics
Zen and the art of insanity : the analytic metaphysics of quality
Groundwork of the metaphysics of morals
Philosophy 1 : a guide through the subject. 1
The Cambridge companion to the Stoics
Philosophy of technology
The four simple ideas : a logical-analytical inquiry
Inhabiting the earth : Heidegger, environmental ethics, and the metaphysics of nature
Pragmatist metaphysics : an essay on the ethical grounds of ontology
David Hume : reason in history
Temporality of the face-to-face in Levinas' ethics
Oxford studies in metaethics. Vol. 9 / edited by Russ Shafer-Landau
Sidgwickian ethics
Self-improvement : an essay in Kantian ethics
Kant's Metaphysics of morals : interpretative essays
The philosophy skills book : exercises in critical reading, writing, and thinking
Nietzsche's critiques : the Kantian foundations of his thought
The ethics of Spinoza : the road to inner freedom
The metaphysics. [II] : Books X-XIV
The philosophy skills book : exercises in critical reading, writing and thinking
Metaethical subjectivism
Dynamic transcendentals : truth, goodness, and beauty from a Thomistic perspective
Aquinas's ethics : metaphysical foundations, moral theory, and theological context
"Is there any moral obligation to improve oneself, to foster and develop various capacities in oneself? From a broadly Kantian point of view, 'Self-Improvement' defends the view that there is such an obligation and that it is an obligation that each person owes to him or herself. The defence addresses a range of arguments philosophers have mobilized against this idea, including the argument that it is impossible to owe anything to yourself, and the view that an obligation to improve oneself is overly 'moralistic'. Robert N. Johnson argues against Kantian uiniversalization arguments for the duty of self-improvement, as well as arguments that bottom out in a supposed value humanity has. At the same time, he defends a position based on the notion that self- and other-respecting agents would, under the right circumstances, accept the principle of self-improvement and would leave it up to each to be the person to whom this duty is owed"--Publisher's description, p. [4] of dust jacket.
Philosophy
Going against the flow : an exercise in ethical syncretism
The myth of morality
Evolution of hope : theological metaethics in the context of evolution
Philosophical writings
Thinking aloud is allowed! : an invitation to philosophy for young people
The moral law or Kant's Groundwork of the metaphysic of morals
Toward a pragmatist metaethics
Articles on Aristotle. 4, Psychology & aesthetics
A materialist metaphysics of the human person
Ethics and the a priori : selected essays on moral psychology and meta-ethics
Philosophical foundations for a Christian worldview
Leibniz and the rational order of nature
Ludwig Wittgenstein established a "cool" stance for philosophy, contemplating the world without meddling in it. D. Z. Phillips explores this position, focusing on its implications for philosophical authorship and the philosophical investigation of the nature of reality. Influenced by the views of Wittgenstein and his pupil Rush Rhees, Phillips—who is one of Rhees's own students—first contrasts Wittgenstein's methods with Kierkegaard's religiously oriented dialectic. He describes the difficulty in sustaining a contemplative view of philosophy and discusses efforts to go beyond it in the work of Richard Rorty, Stanley Cavell, Annette Baier, and Martha Nussbaum, who, in different ways, propose to make philosophy a guide to living. A provocative and challenging work, Philosophy's Cool Place is one of the few books that addresses the discipline as an enterprise and explores its relation to moral values, religious belief, and the nature of Reality. By advancing the cause of neutrality, it will stimulate debate and foster discussion of what philosophy is to become in the postmodern era.
Life and death : metaphysics and ethics
Immanuel Kant : Groundwork of the metaphysics of morals, in focus
The crossroads of norm and nature : essays on Aristotle's Ethics and Metaphysics
Principia ethica
Introduction to philosophy
Philosophical explanations
On the metaphysics of Spinoza's Ethics
The shorter Leibniz texts : a collection of new translations
The chief works of Benedict de Spinoza. Vol. 1, A theologico-political treatise and A political treatise
From morality to metaphysics : the theistic implications of our ethical commitments
Inhabiting the Earth : Heidegger, environmental ethics, and the metaphysics of nature
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
An introduction to philosophical analysis
Contemporary metaethics : an introduction
Aquinas's moral theory : essays in honor of Norman Kretzmann
The problems of contemporary philosophy
Creative transformation : a practical guide for maximizing creativity
Aristotle and beyond : essays on metaphysics and ethics
The metaphysics of morals
Oxford studies in metaethics. Volume 8
Mastering philosophy
Metaethics : a contemporary introduction
Fact and value : essays on ethics and metaphysics for Judith Jarvis Thomson
Moral reality
Levinas beyond the horizons of Cartesianism : an inquiry into the metaphysics of morals
Oxford studies in metaethics. Vol. 1
Oxford studies in metaethics. Vol. 4
First and last things
Realism with a human face
Metaphysics, soul, and ethics in ancient thought : themes from the work of Richard Sorabji
Oxford studies in metaethics. Vol. 2
Philosophy as a humanistic discipline
Collected papers of Clarence Irving Lewis
Ethics and aesthetics : intersections in Iris Murdoch's philosophy
Oxford studies in metaethics. Volume 7
Everything in its right place : Spinoza and life by the light of nature
Foundations of the metaphysics of morals, and What is enlightenment?
Explaining the reasons we share : explanation and expression in ethics. Volume 1
This is ethics : an introduction
The concepts of meaning and mental content resist naturalistic analysis. This is because they are normative: they depend on ideas of how things ought to be. This text offers an explanation of these 'oughts', borrowing devices from metaethics to illuminate deep problems at the heart of the philosophy of language and thought.
Oxford studies in metaethics. Volume 6
Ancient Jewish philosophy : a study in metaphysics and ethics
This text explores the main stages and key concepts in the development of Kant's critical philosophy, from the early 1760s to the 1790s. Karl Ameriks devotes essays to each of the three critiques, and explores post-Kantian developments in German Romanticism, accounts of tragedy up through Nietzsche, and contemporary philosophy.
The philosophy of Agamben
This book is situated within the realm of theological engagement with the sciences with a particular focus on how the nature of ethics is understood through this dialogue. Its purpose is to provide a theological appreciation of the nature of ethics which also takes seriously evolutionary accounts of how ethics came to be. it argues that such a theological metaethic can be interpreted as hopeful and optimistic given the apparent evolution of the moral from the amoral. This work hinges on two different but intertwined levels. One is the level of ethical systems: a particular understanding of Western Christian ethics. This level is framed by another, broader level of metaethics: an overarching understanding of the character of ethics that emerges from reflections on evolutionary theory and its naturalistic context.
The metaphysics of good and evil according to Suárez : Metaphysical disputations x and xi and selected passages from Disputation xxiii and other works : translation, with introduction, notes, and glossary
The chief works of Benedict de Spinoza. Vol. 2
Philosophy's cool place
Thick concepts
Noncognitivism in ethics
Oxford studies in experimental philosophy. Volume 1
Understanding Kant's ethics
Structure of value
Behind the geometrical method : a reading of Spinoza's Ethics
Oxford studies in metaethics. Volume 5
