http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2844 agricultural laborers
agricultural laborers farm workers
Beyond the biophysical : knowledge, culture, and power in agriculture and natural resource management
A low road to investment and labour management? : the labour process at Nordic subsidiaries in the Baltic States
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
Clustering of occupational injuries, diseases, and disability in Finnish farmers : an opportunity for targeted prevention
Migrant : agricultural workers in America's Northeast
Plantation labour, unions, capital, and the state in Peninsular Malaysia
The adaptation of workers to industrial change : European Seminar Toulouse 22 and 23 January 1996 : summary of the debates
The dynamics of hired farm labour : constraints and community responses
The Chinese economy : transitions and growth
The death of Ramón González : the modern agricultural dilemma
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
Migration and domestic work : a European perspective on a global theme
Agricultural exposures and cancer
Bulgarian rural women today
The allotment movement in England, 1793-1873
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Agricultural workers in the USSR
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farms
Agricultural household models : extensions, applications, and policy
The company they kept : migrants and the politics of gender in Caribbean Costa Rica, 1870-1960
Socioeconomic factors in the determination of shadow prices for unskilled labor in development projects
The regional distribution of professional competence in Finland
International capitalism and industrial restructuring : a critical analysis
Vertov's first sound film. This lyrical documentary celebrates the enthusiasm with which the peasants and miners of the Donets Basin in Russia fulfilled their first five-year plan quotas following the October Revolution. The film is noted for its innovative use of sound in synchronization as well as in counterpoint, and for its interesting cinematic effects, such as multiple superimpositions.
Global industrial relations
Managing change : final report
Success factors of place marketing : a study of place marketing practices in Northern Europe and the United States
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farm
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers, and laborers
The English countryman : his life and work from Tudor times to the Victorian age
[Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 9 (1963) s. 370].
The village labourer 1760-1832 : a study in the government of England before the reform bill
Role of forest research in solving socio-economic problems in the Himalayan region : proceedings of IUFRO - Symposium held at the Pakistan Forest Institute, Peshawar, Pakistan 17-27.10.1987
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Defying the law of the land : agrarian radicals in Irish history
The forest sector : a World Bank policy paper
Gender in agriculture sourcebook
The role of women in the Finnish development co-operation : guidelines and programme of action
Cities and the creative class
The village labourer. Vol. 2
Democratizing development : the role of voluntary organizations
Rural moral reform in nineteenth-century England : the crusade against adolescent farm servants and hiring fairs
Global forests : issues for six billion people
Whose trees : a people's view of forestry aid
A cultural history of food. Vol. 4, In the early modern age
Synthesis (s. 7-45).
The object of labor : commodification in socialist Hungary
Emancipationś dead-end roads? : studies in the formation and development of the Hungarian model for agriculture and gender (1956-1989)
Transformation of resource towns and peripheries : political economy perspectives
Social change and economic reform in Africa
Report on findings and recommendations on causes of the problems at the Maziwa Ng'ombe forest reserve and surrounding areas
Finnish agricultural labour in the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries
Consolidation of environmental education for adults : critique of FINNIDA-funded forestry projects in Tanzania : a case study of the East Usambara catchment forest project
Adding value through information and consultation
Respiratory symptoms and lung function in pig farmers
Wandering workers : mores, behavior, way of life, and political status of domestic Russian labor migrants
Cruising in the global economy : profits, pleasure and work at sea
The village labourer
Making a living in Europe : human geographies of economic change
Measuring performance and determining success factors of construction sites
The English countrywoman : her life in farmhouse and field from Tudor times to the Victorian age
Gender, class and rural transition : agribusiness and the food crisis in Senegal
History of labour on a coffee plantation : La Aurora Plantation, Tolima-Colombia, 1882-1982
Empirical studies on labour demand, wages and job displacements
Harvesting change : labor and agrarian reform in Nicaragua, 1979-1991
To inherit the earth : the landless movement and the struggle for a new Brazil
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
The village labourer. Vol. 1
Abstract (s. 4).
Indian women in subsistence and agricultural labour
Summary.
Strategy for biotechnology and genetic engineering in agriculture
Zimbabwe takes back its land
Economic security for a better world
Contesting citizenship in urban China : peasant migrants, the state, and the logic of the market
Fresh fruit, broken bodies : migrant farmworkers in the United States
Risk factors of musculoskeletal disorders and work disability among Finnish farmers
Power, labor, and livelihood : processes of change in rural Java
Promotion of rural employment for poverty reduction : fourth item on the agenda
I sold myself; I was bought : a socioeconomic analysis based on interviews with sugar-cane harvesters in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia
The social construction of free trade : the European Union, NAFTA, and MERCOSUR
Governance in China
Rhythms of labour : music at work in Britain
