http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28423 indirect speech
indirect speech
Reported discourse : a meeting ground for different linguistic domains
Research on quotation has yielded a rich and diverse knowledge-base. Scientific interest has been sparked particularly by the recent emergence of new quotative forms in typologically related and unrelated languages (i.e. English be like, Hebrew kaze, Japanese mitai-na). The present collection gives a platform to research conducted within different linguistic sub-disciplines and on the basis of a variety of Western and non-Western languages. The introduction presents an overview of forms and functions of old and new quotative constructions. The nine chapters investigate quotation from different perspectives, from conversation analysis over grammaticalization and language variation and change to typological and formal approaches. The collection advocates a comprehensive approach to the phenomenon 'quotation', seeking a more nuanced knowledge-base as regards the linguistic properties, social uses and pragmatic functions than monolingual or single disciplinary approaches deliver. The cross-disciplinary nature and the wealth of data make the findings broadly available and relevant.
FID in 'first-person narration' : on Proust's A la recherche du temps perdu
Quotatives : cross-linguistic and cross-disciplinary perspectives
Free language, indirect translation, discourse narratology : linguistic, translatological and literary-theoretical encounters
The narrator as collector? : the rhetorical-ethical implications of the use or non-use of free indirect discourse in John Fowles's The French lieutenant's woman
Possible minds : constructing - and reading - another consciousness as fiction
Explication as simplification : universal tendencies in the translation of FID
The semantics of free indirect discource : how texts allow us to mind-read and eavesdrop
FID and other narratological illusions
Quotatives : new trends and sociolinguistic implications
Occasional papers. 2
Reported speech : forms and functions of the verb
Speech about speech : developmental study on form and function of direct and indirect speech
Infractions of voice and vision FID, non-FID, and focalization in Hemingway's short stories
About the speaker : towards a syntax of indexicality
