http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2841 folk music (traditional music)
folk music (traditional music)
Latvian folk songs : a living tradition
The chieftains 5 lp 542
Fol'klor Belorusov Sibiri i Dal'nego Vostoka. Čast' 1, Cemejno-obrâdovye pesni i pričitaniâ = Byelorussian folklore of Siberia and the Far East. The First Part, Family and ritual songs and laments
Best of folk songs : 40 British, Irish and American songs in easy arrangements for piano, voice and guitar
A FOLKSINGER'S GUIDE TO GRASS ROOTS HARMONY
"In Hear My Sad Story, Richard Polenberg describes the historical events that led to the writing of many famous American folk songs that served as touchstones for generations of American musicians, lyricists, and folkloristsm,"--NoveList.
Encyclopedia of Jewish folklore and traditions
Easy Piano Irish Favoriter
Marketing music on the internet and within social media : how individual folk musicians can promote themselves with little money
Dansons la Morvandelle : a collection of traditional french dance tunes from the Morvan
Rethinking the past - looking to the future : proceedings of the ninth joint meeting of Bulgarian and North American scholars, Eugene, Oregon, May 31-June 1, 2012
The Collection [Cd]. Volume 2
Kaustinen folk music festival
Planxty
Unesco-collection : a musical anthology of the orient: japan. 1.
Love, death & the lady
Irish favourites
The bonny labouring boy
Nootka and Quileute music
Pentatonism as a phenomenon : the Finnish Kodály Center yearbook 1994
Finnish folk music
The roadside tavern
Gan dha phingin spre = No dowry
Folk music & musical instruments of Punjab : from Mustard fields to disco lights
The Korean singer of tales
Xhosa music: It's techniques and instruments, with a collection of songs
All the people's sorrow : making a concert of laments
Joanna Newsom, Will Oldham (a.k.a 'Bonnie Prince Billy'), and Devendra Banhart are perhaps the best known of a generation of independent artists who use elements of folk music in contexts that are far from traditional. These (and other) so called "new folk" artists challenge our notions of 'finished product' through their recordings, intrinsically guided by practices and rhetoric inherited from punk. This book traces a fractured trajectory that includes Harry Smith's Anthology of American Folk Music, Bob Dylan, psych-folk of the sixties (from Vashti Bunyan to The Incredible String Band), and lo-fi and outsider recordings (from Captain Beefheart and The Residents to Jandek and Daniel Johnston) to contextualise the first substantial consideration of new folk. In the process, Encarnacao reviews the literature on folk and punk to argue that tropes of authenticity, though constructions, carry considerable power in the creation and reception of recorded works. New approaches to music require new analytical tools, and through the analysis of some 50 albums, Encarnacao introduces the categories of labyrinth, immersive and montage forms. This book makes a compelling argument for a reconsideration of popular music history that highlights the eternal compulsion for spontaneous, imperfect and performative recorded artefacts.
West Virginia's traditional country music
The People's past
Traditional technology. Musical instruments
Memory of the peoples
This market-leading, best-selling text covers ethnomusicology-the study of music in a people's way of life, which treats music as a distillation of cultural styles. The authors of this text approach diverse musical styles with the desire to understand them on their own terms-as the people who make the music would understand them. The text is organized by region. Each study focuses on the life histories and autobiographies that are essential to understanding music as a human activity. Song lyrics are singled out by the authors as a way to understand the meaning and purpose of musical performances.
Taming the wind of desire : psychology, medicine, and aesthetics in Malay shamanistic performance
Riverdance and other famous irish songs & dances
Text and tune : on the association of music and lyrics in sung verse
Song and play time
Mandan and Hidatsa music
Ireland's best loved songs and ballads : for easy piano
The Chieftains in China
IRISH FOLK FAVOURITES
Northern Ute music
Story of an immigrant Group in Franklin, New Jersey
Recollecting from the past : musical practice and spirit possession on the east coast of Madagascar
SLAVE SONGS OF THE UNITED STATES
Folksongs and Papercuts = Shan bei Xintianyou yu jianzhi
African sanctus
Worlds of music : An introduction to the music of the world's peoples
Folksongs for classical guitar
One
FAVORITE FRENCH FOLK SONGS : SIXTY-FIVE TRADITIONAL SONGS OF FRANCE AND CANADA
Morocco : crossroads of time
A History of the portuguese fado
A study on the tone-system of Ainu music
Black water
The pre- and proto-historic Finns both eastern and western with the magic songs of the West Finns
The Joy of Irish music : a selection of 21 favourite songs from the Emerald Isle
Conclusion
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
Teton Sioux music
Song for Ireland
Hear my sad story : the true tales that inspired "Stagolee," "John Henry," and other traditional American folk songs
MUSICAL REFLECTIONS OF IRELAND
An introduction to Navaho chant practice : with an account of the behaviors observed in four chants
Boys in the lane : Irish music
Celtic songs of the highlands : an instrumental collection
In search of the craic : one man's pub crawl through Irish music
Danny boy and other classic Irish melodies
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
Ethnomusicology and African music : (collected papers). Vol. 1, Modes of inquiry and interpretation
Songs of Ireland
Creating global music in Turkey
A Celtic tale : the legend of Deirdre
Music and emotions
The greek sound lp 118
Introduction to the Logic of East-West Artistic Interactions
Harmony hill
Celtic heart : tales of true love : a celebration of the best in authentic Celtic music
Nongak : community band music, dance, and rituals in the Republic of Korea
The old country : irish volume two
Singing to the sea
50 things you should know about music
A treasure of Mexican folkways : the customs, myths, folklore, traditions, beliefs, fiestas, dances, and songs of the Mexican people
20 South American Melodies ; arranged for guitar by Terence Croucher
Kugak : studies in Korean traditional music
Folk music in Bartók's compositions : a source catalog : Arab, Hungarian, Romanian, Ruthenian, Serbian, and Slovak melodies
Invocation
Listening for a life : a dialogic ethnography of Bessie Eldreth through her songs and stories
Hear America singing
Best of China and Japan
Music of the valleys : three classic Welsh melodies
Identity, intertextuality, and performance in early modern song culture
At home with the Dubliners
Folk songs of olde England. Vol. 1
Arctic paradise : contemporary folk music from Finland 2012
Bacchanal! : the carnival culture of Trinidad
Rumanian folk music. Vol. 5, Maramures county
Music and drum rhythm from Iran
Further along
Reds, whites, and blues : social movements, folk music, and race in the United States
Folk and traditional music of the western continents
No. 2 Patrick Street
Music of death and new creation : experiences in the world of Balinese Gamelan Beleganjur
Principles of Azerbaijan folk music
Making people's music : Moe Asch and Folkways Records
Musical Atlas. 23, Bahrain
Echoes of the forest : music of the Central African pygmies
Celtic : a comprehensive guide to Celtic music
Marketing music on the Internet and within social media : how individual folk musicians can promote themselves with little money?
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
A SHORT DISCOGRAPHY OF IRISH FOLK MUSIC
The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem song book
Shelob
Folk music research in Hungary
Buckaroo : visions and voices of the American Cowboy
Turn up the volume! : a celebration of African music
My wild irish rose
The Complete Dubliners
More Burl Ives songs
Sounding the depths : tradition and the voices of history
Écosse = Scotland
Worlds of music : an introduction to the music of the world's peoples
Festival of Irish music
Irish melody : Londonderry air
Folk music instruments of the world
The rough guide to the music of India & Pakistan
The history of cimbalom in Hungary in short
The enjoyment of music : an introduction to perceptive listening
Blooming meadows : the world of Irish traditional musicians
RICHARD LIEBERSON'S OLD-TIME FIDDLE TUNES FOR GUITAR
One hundred years of beauty sleep
Far from the Shamrock Shore : the story of Irish-American immigration through song
Studia instrumentorum musicae popularis. 3, Festschrift to Ernst Emsheimer on the occasion of his 70th birthday, January 15th 1974
Irish ballads
Negro folk music, U.S.A
Turkish folk music from Asia Minor
The Shaker spiritual
The music of China's ethnic minorities
Favourite Irish and Scottish folksongs
Auld lang syne and other classic Scottish melodies
Punk aesthetics and new folk : way down the old plank road
A Dorset Garland : 100 years of traditional songs from Dorset
Harmony Hill
Musical practices in the Balkans : ethnomusicological perspectives = Muzičke prakse Balkana: etnomuzikološke perspektive
Voices from the straw mat : toward an ethnography of Korean story singing
Kiikeri - Revieving local musical heritage and creativity of children in central Finland
Boil the breakfast early : The Chieftains 9
Folk music of China : living instrumental traditions
Menominee music
The Dubliners greatest hits
Music Master Folk Music of the British Isles catalogue : 1st edition
Celtic lives : tales of pride
Classic Scots ballads
Original Dubliners : 1966-1969
A magyar népzene tára. 6 / Corpus musicae popularis Hungaricae = Collection of Hungarian folk music.. Népdaltípusok : 1. = Types of folksongs ; sajtó alá rendezte Járdányi Pál és Olsvai Imre
Antipodean traditions : Australian folklore in the 25st century
A Little Irish songbook ; illustrated by Ian McCullough
Excursions in world music
101 folk songs for easy piano
Celtic collections
Musical instruments
The southern journey of Alan Lomax : words, photographs, and music
Yuman and Yaqui music
Summary in English.
Traditional music in coastal Louisiana : the 1934 Lomax recordings
The flamencos of Cádiz Bay
Ballads, banjo tuens, and sacred songs of Western North Carolina
Iowa state fare : Music from the heartland
Highlights from the Emerald Isle
Anthem
Cardboard folk instruments to make & play
Voices of the magi : enchanted journeys in southeast Brazil
The Chieftains. 10
The Edinburgh companion to Scottish traditional literatures
30 years a-greying
Moving away from silence : music of the Peruvian Altiplano and the experience of urban migration
The Barefoot book of songs for survival
