http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28469 frozen conflicts
frozen conflicts
"Although the presidency of Dmitry Medvedev is often seen as a continuation of Vladimir Putin's presidency, with the same policies applied in the same way, this book disagrees, arguing that Medvedev's foreign policy was significantly different from Putin's. The book considers especially the relationship between Russia and the Euro-Atlantic security configuration, including both NATO and the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe, a relationship of great importance to Russia, given constant attention. It discusses a wide variety of issues, including 'frozen conflicts', security co-operation and nuclear weapons reductions, highlights the different tone and approach under Medvedev, exemplified especially by his draft European Security Treaty, and shows how after Putin's return to the presidency there has been a shift in foreign policy, with much great emphasis on influencing Russia's immediate neighbours and on Eurasian union, and less emphasis on rapprochement and co-operation"--Provided by publisher.
Europeanization and conflict resolution : case studies from the European periphery
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
Russian foreign policy under Dmitry Medvedev, 2008-2012
Russia, the near abroad, and the West : lessons from the Moldova-Transdniestria conflict
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
