http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28486 isolation
isolation
Jump into the sky
Patient seclusion and restraint practices in psychiatric hospitals : towards evidence based clinical nursing
Troma's war
Whispering hope : the true story of the Magdalene women
Belonging and isolation in the Hellenistic world
Little star
Guns of February : ordinary Japanese soldiers' views of the Malayan campaign and the fall of Singapore 1941-42
Under the dome : a novel
Prolonged solitary confinement has become a widespread and standard practice in U.S. prisons--even though it consistently drives healthy prisoners insane, makes the mentally ill sicker, and, according to the testimony of prisoners, threatens to reduce life to a living death. In this profoundly important and original book, Lisa Guenther examines the death-in-life experience of solitary confinement in America from the early nineteenth century to today's supermax prisons. Documenting how solitary confinement undermines prisoners' sense of identity and their ability to understand the world, Guenther demonstrates the real effects of forcibly isolating a person for weeks, months, or years. Drawing on the testimony of prisoners and the work of philosophers and social activists from Edmund Husserl and Maurice Merleau-Ponty to Frantz Fanon and Angela Davis, the author defines solitary confinement as a kind of social death. It argues that isolation exposes the relational structure of being by showing what happens when that structure is abused--when prisoners are deprived of the concrete relations with others on which our existence as sense-making creatures depends. Because of this, solitary confinement is beyond a form of racial or political violence; it is also an assault on being itself. A searing and unforgettable indictment, Solitary Confinement reveals what the devastation wrought by the torture of solitary confinement tells us about what it means to be human--and why humanity is so often destroyed when we separate prisoners from all other people.
Haunted : a novel
The wall
Under the dome
Under the Dome. Season 2
Wool
Death of kings
The use of seclusion and mechanical restraint in psychiatry : a persistent challenge over time
Silent as the grave
Under the dome. Season 3.
The true tale of the monster Billy Dean : telt by hisself
Dance with the devil
Solitary confinement : social death and its afterlives
Lightborn
Don't look back
Wolf children and the problem of human nature
Coercion, perceived care and quality of life among patients in psychiatric hospitals
Fifty mice
The dog
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
The wild boy of Aveyron
Tiivistelmä: Pakon käyttö psykiatristen potilaiden sairaalahoidossa Suomessa : osio yhteispohjoismaista projektia Paternalism and Autonomy.
The use of coercion in the Finnish civil psychiatric inpatients : a part of the Nordic project Paternalism and Autonomy
The death house
Haunted : a novel of stories
A will and a way
Racists
