http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28412 DNA barcodes
DNA barcodes
Taxon delineation in gelechioid moths : from phylogenetics to DNA barcoding
Species are the fundamental units of biological diversity, but their identification and delimitation is often difficult. The difficulties are pronounced in diverse taxa such as insects. DNA barcodes, short standardized segments of the genome, have recently become a popular tool for identifying specimens to species, and are increasingly used as one of the sources of information for species delimitation. In this thesis, I studied the utility of DNA barcodes in species identification and delimitation in beetles (Coleoptera). Beetles are one of the most diverse animal groups, with nearly 400 000 known species. The Nordic beetle fauna is among the most thoroughly studied on the planet, providing excellent conditions for these studies. I also approached barcode sequences from a new angle, exploring amino acid variation and its connections to life history in a sample of the entire animal kingdom. I also studied variation and evolution at the amino acid level in large-scale samples of beetles and moths & butterflies (Lepidoptera). DNA barcodes proved to be a feasible tool for identifying species of Nordic beetles: depending on the criteria for successful identification, 95-98% of specimens could be identified to the species level based on DNA barcodes. Regardless of the delimitation method used, approximately 90% of the currently accepted species were perfectly recovered based on barcode data, and simple rules for forming consensus between delimitations improved the fit between species and barcode clusters even further. Several species that were split into two or more sequence clusters apparently include species new to science that have been previously overlooked. This conclusion is supported by preliminary morphological analysis. The study on amino acid variation revealed both a general pattern of structural conservation throughout the animal kingdom, and some interesting amino acid substitutions with potential to affect enzymatic function. Amino acid variation was more extensive in Coleoptera than in Lepidoptera, potentially due to differences in selection pressure and patterns of molecular evolution in the barcode region between the two orders.
Systematizing morphology: a total evidence approach to ditrysian phylogenetics (Lepidoptera)
Plant DNA fingerprinting and barcoding : methods and protocols
Systematizing morphology : a total evidence approach to ditrysian phylogenetics (Lepidoptera)
Utility of DNA barcodes in identification and delimitation of beetle species, with insights into COI protein structure across the animal kingdom
