http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28448 paying online
paying online online payments
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
To pay or not to pay : the dilemmas of an emerging business ecosystem : the case of mobile payments
Access pricing and competition in telecommunications
SmartPark - assessing the potential benefits of adopting a mobile payment system for parking at Adum
Valueweb : how fintech firms are using mobile and blockchain technologies to create the Internet of value
The Internet of Things is all about machines trading with machines - your fridge orders groceries; your car, fuel; your television, entertainment; and so on. However, machines cannot trade with machines if it's expensive and slow. Would you really want your TV to order the next season of Games of Thrones, if the payment took ten days and cost 25 or more? Unfortunately with the way the bank system works today, that is the problem we face today. As a result, we need an Internet of Value to work with the Internet of Things. The Internet of Value - or ValueWeb, for short - allows machines to trade.
Less cash on the counter : forecasting Finnish payment preferences
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Card, Internet and mobile payments in Finland
What's in it for us? : network effects and bank payment innovation
