http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28481 virulence
virulence
Streptococci are Gram-positive bacteria that cause a wide spectrum of diseases, such as pharyngitis, necrotizing fasciitis and streptococcal toxic shock syndrome, as well as rheumatic fever and rheumatic heart disease as sequelae. Antibiotics alone have not been able to control the disease and in spite of many efforts an effective vaccine is not yet available. A prerequisite for novel and successful strategies for combating these bacteria is a complete understanding of the highly complex pathogenic mechanisms involved, which are analyzed in this volume. In ten chapters, prominent authors cover various aspects including streptococcal diseases and global burden, epidemiology, adaptation and transmission, and molecular mechanisms of different diseases, as well as sequelae, vaccine development and clinical management. This book will serve as a valuable reference work for scientists, students, clinicians and public health workers and provide new approaches to meeting the challenge of streptococcal diseases.
Exploring evolutionary responses to increasing temperature in an environmental opportunistic pathogen
Development of an in vivo expression technology in Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora
Innate immune evasion of microbes
Role of the soluble complement regulator factor H in microbial survival and host infection susceptibility
Host-Pathogen Interactions in Streptococcal Diseases
Microbes colonize nearly every biotic and abiotic niche on our planet. This also includes our human body, which is densely populated with microbes, the majority of which interact with us in a commensal, sometimes even mutualistic, relationship. Only a minority of our microbiota are pathogenic organisms with the ability to cause infection.This book covers various aspects of the interplay between commensal and pathogenic bacteria with their hosts. The chapters summarize recent findings on the geno- and phenotypic traits of opportunistic bacterial pathogens, such as Escherichia coli, staphylococci or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, as well as the impact of commensal and probiotic bacteria on intestinal physiology and health. The differential interaction of pathogenic, commensal and probiotic bacteria with their host is reviewed from both the bacterial and the host?s perspective to round out this compilation of articles on the differences and similarities of pathogenic and commensal microorganisms.
Potentially virulence-related extracellular proteins of Streptococcus equi
Characterization of bacteria causing outbreaks by using molecular methods in a clinical microbiology laboratory
Virulence evolution and immune defence : pathogen-host interactions between an environmentally transmitted bacterium Serratia marcescens and its insect hosts
Predation on Multiple Trophic Levels Shapes the Evolution of Pathogen Virulence
The influence of infective dose, nutrient availability and coinfection on virulence of Flavobacterium columnare : implications of intensive aquaculture on opportunistic infections
Interplay of virulence factors in complement resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae
Virus-host interactions of emerging respiratory pathogen
Identifying virus-host interactions critical for alphavirus-mediated oncolysis
Effect of nutrients on competition between a virulent and a less virulent strain of the fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Molecular mechanisms in Legionella pathogenesis
Connection between temperature, larval production, virulence and geographical distribution of Rhipidocotyle parasites infecting the duck mussel, Anodonta anatina
Identification of a secretion signal for the type II protein secretion pathway in Erwinia carotovora
Impact of biotic and abiotic factors on bacterial virulence
Severe campylobacter infections in Finland
Role of pneumococcal virulence genes in the etiology of respiratory tract infection and biofilm formation
The roles of virulence factors Us3 and γ134.5 during different phases of HSV-1 life cycle
Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) is a common pathogen with an age-standardized seroprevalence of 52% in Finland. The most common manifestation of HSV-1 infection is labial herpes, but recently HSV-1 has emerged as the most common cause of primary genital herpes in Finnish women. HSV-1 can also lead to severe conditions such as encephalitis.After the primary lytic HSV-1 infection at the epithelia, the progeny viruses infect the innervating sensory neurons. The neuronal infection may lead to a quiescent infection form, called latency. Periodically, the virus may reactivate, which can lead to recurrent infection at the epithelia. During different phases of the viral life cycle the host cells try to restrict the infection. This study set out to investigate the roles of two HSV-1 proteins, γ134.5 and Us3 during different phases of the HSV-1 life cycle.The aim of the first study was to investigate how the deletion of Us3 affected host responses, especially Toll-like Receptor (TLR) signaling, in monocytic U937 cells. TLR3 expression was increased during Us3 deletion virus infections. This also led to increased activation of IRF-3 and increased expression of type I interferons (IFN) and an interferon stimulated protein. This study shows that TLR3 is involved in controlling the HSV-1 infection and that Us3 regulates IRF-3 activation.The second study focused on the role of the γ134.5 protein in HSV-1 latency. Embryonic mouse dorsal root ganglion (DRG) cultures were used as a cell culture model for HSV-1 latency and reactivation. In this model γ134.5 deletion viruses did not reactivate as efficiently as wild-type viruses, even though they replicated well and established latency in the neurons.Stress granules are part of the host response. In the third study, the roles of the innate immunity effectors HSV-1 Us3 and human Z-DNA binding protein 1 (ZBP1) in stress granule format ion (SG) were studied. Wild-type HSV-1 efficiently prevented the formation of SGs. The overexpression of ZBP1 resulted in accumulation of smaller but more abundant SGs during oxidative stress. Overexpression of Us3 did not significantly affect the size or number of SGs, but during Us3 deletion virus infection, SG proteins localized to cis-Golgi.This work shows that HSV-1 uses Us3 to evade and modulate host responses and that the γ134.5 protein is required for reactivation in mouse DRG cultures.
Virulence variety and hybrid strains of diarrheagenic Escherichia coli in Finland and Burkina Faso
Dasineura tetensi and black currant : on a variable gall midge and its variable host
Interactive effects between diet and genotypes of host and pathogen define the severity of infection
Role of the Soluble Complement Regulator Factor H in Microbial Survival and Host Infection Susceptibility
Clostridium difficile infections and their treatment
Virus-host interactions of emerging respiratory pathogens
Genetic and environmental factors associated with the virulence of fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Growth and competition of Flavobacterium columnare strains in two different nutrient levels
Between pathogenicity and commensalism
Influenza pathogenesis and control. Volume II
