http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2845 gastronomy
gastronomy
The nasty bits  : collected cuts, useable trim, scraps and bones
Beer, food, and flavor : tasting, pairing, and the culture of craft beer
Around the world in eighty meals
Thai food
With bold knife and fork
The man who ate the world : in search of the perfect dinner
Food culture in France
The official foodie handbook
2,000 favourite French recipes
Accounting for taste : the triumph of French cuisine
Voyage gastronomique : a culinary autobiography
The Waldorf-Astoria cookbook
From Brooklyn hot dogs to Manhattan's most chic restaurants, world-renowned chef Alain Ducasse reveals a palette of flavors, colors, images, and aromas from all four corners of the globe: his own gourmet New York. This beautiful work of photographic reportage reveals his favorite spots, his special finds, and his gourmet delights. He reveals New York's finest products, the histories of places and people, and his encounters with them in this personal culinary voyage around a city with an important place in Ducasse's heart.
Gastronomy of Italy
Relish : the extraordinary life of Alexis Soyer, Victorian celebrity chef
The world of Escoffier
Great hotels of the world : vol. 5 Hotel Restaurant
The gourmet
Around the Roman table : with more than 150 original recipes
The encyclopedia of practical gastronomy
The Routledge handbook of sustainable food and gastronomy
A revolution in eating : how the quest for food shaped America
Food & travel
The futurist cookbook
Garde manger : the art and craft of the cold kitchen
How Italian food conquered the world
New Larousse gastronomique : the world's greatest cookery reference book
Expert : English for food professionals
Food & wine : matching made simple
Erotic cuisine : a natural history of aphrodisiac cookery
"Foodies rejoice! Malcolm Gladwell's favorite food inventor offers a guide to the senses with advice on how to develop your palate and better enjoy the pleasures of eating. Featured by Malcolm Gladwell in a New Yorker magazine article about the quest to develop the perfect cookie, Barb Stuckey is the food developer that famed foodies--such as Michael Pollan--turn to when they need to understand the pyschology and physiology of taste. In Taste What You're Missing, Stuckey shares her professional knowledge in an engaging style that's one part Mary Roach, two parts Oliver Sacks, and a dash of Anthony Bourdain for spice.Taste What You're Missing serves up stories: seared, sauced, and garnished with humor and insight into our complicated experiences with food. First explaining the building blocks of taste perception on a physical level, Stuckey walks readers through the five basic tastes: sweet, sour, bitter, salt, and umami. She explains the critical importance of smell and how the other senses--touch, hearing, and sight--come into play when we enthusiastically dive into a plate of food. She provides eye-opening and delicious anecdotes and exercises that readers can perform to learn, for example, their unique "taster type," or the subtle differences between sour, bitter, tannic, and astringent. Armed with this new knowledge, readers can improve their ability to discern flavors, detect ingredients, and devise new taste combinations in their own kitchens. Keeping in mind that the only thing foodies like better than eating food is talking about food, Taste What You're Missing gives such curious eaters, Food Network watchers, kitchen tinkerers, and armchair Top Chefs understanding and language that will impress their friends and families with insider knowledge about everything they eat"--
Eating words : a Norton anthology of food writing
The art of cooking : the first modern cookery book
Larousse gastronomique : the world's greatest cookery encyclopedia
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Dictionary of food and drink
New currents in American cuisine : cooking with team USA
Food culture in South America
Haas wanted to know what went on inside the mind of a top chef, and what kind of emotional dynamics drove the intense interactions inside a great restaurant. He spent eighteen months immersed in the kitchen at Craigie on Main, in Boston, and his story will change the way you think about food-- and about the complicated people who cook it and serve it.
Cooks, gluttons & gourmets : a history of cookery
A companion to food in the Ancient world
The club of angels
The cultivation of taste : chefs and the organization of fine dining
A Companion to Food in the Ancient World presents a comprehensive overview of the cultural aspects relating to the production, preparation, and consumption of food and drink in antiquity.
Food and travel
Buon appetito, your Holiness : the secrets of the Papal table
The sorcerer's apprentices : a season in the kitchen at Ferran Adrià's elBulli
Secret ingredients : the New Yorker book of food and drink
French gastronomy : the history and geography of a passion
Nation's restaurant news
Not for bread alone : writers on food, wine, and the art of eating
Implementing existing theories in developing a gastronomic tourism destination : case Kyrö Distillery Company
Alain Ducasse's New York : 100 gourmet addresses
Feast and folly : cuisine, intoxication and the poetics of the sublime
International dictionary of gastronomy
Slow food : collected thoughts on taste, tradition, and the honest pleasures of food
A feast for the eyes
Good food : Espoo
Culinary tourism : the hidden harvest : a dozen hot and fresh reasons how culinary tourism creates economic and community development
Dining at the Pavillon
Corks & forks : thirty years of wine and food
Taste what you're missing : the passionate eater's guide to why good food tastes good
Modernist cuisine at home
"This book focuses on cooking equipment, techniques, and recipes"--P. xvii.
French dishes and restaurants : chefs, dishes and interiors
The Compleat Imbiber. 11,  : An Entertainment
The art of eating : the collected gastronomical works of M. F. K. Fisher
Medium Raw : A Bloody Valentine to the World of Food and the People Who Cook
The gourmet's cook book : Hungarian cuisine
Much depends on dinner : the tablecloth game
Food presentation : tips & inspiration
Monsieur Pamplemousse and the tangled web
With its unique blend of outspoken opinion, recipes and dramatic photographs by the late legendary photographer Bob Carlos Clarke, White Heat captures the magic and spirit of Marco Pierre White in the heat of his kitchen. This 25th anniversary edition features brand new material, including photographs from the late Bob Carlos Clarke and contributions from James Steen, Lindsey Carlos Clarke and a host of high-profile chefs: Jason Atherton, Sat Bains, Mario Batali, Raymond Blanc, Anthony Bourdain, Adam Byatt, David Chang, Phil Howard, Tom Kerridge, Paul Kitching, Pierre Koffmann, Gordon Ramsay and Jock Zonfrillo.
White Heat
European nourishing habits : Manuel pour étudiants et diplômes dé́coles hôtelières en Europe = Hnadbook for students and graduates of hotel and catering schools in Europe
The DIY cook : an enthusiast's guide to the classics : lobster thermidor to rarebit, steak diane to trifle, the very best bouillabaisse to the world's greatest sandwiches
Food culture in Spain
Winetaster's secrets
American appetite : the coming of age of a cuisine
The professional chef
Chef on the road = Keittiömesteri kiertueella
Food in history
Modern gastronomy A to Z : a scientific and gastronomic lexicon
The culinary imagination : from myth to modernity
Food in the Louvre
Pass the prosecco, darling! : cooking disasters and other kitchen dramas
The Penguin companion to food
Educated tastes : food, drink, and connoisseur culture
The French at table
From the recipe novel to the celebrity chef, renowned scholar Sandra M. Gilbert traces the social, aesthetic, and political history of food from myth to modernity, from ancient sources to our current wave of food mania.
Italy as a brand.  : A view of Italy's country brand through the gastronomic lens in Helsinki.
The Gourmet gardener : everything you need to know to grow and prepare the very finest of flowers, fruits and vegetables
Choice cuts : savory selection of food writing from around the world and throughout history
An executive sous chef who has worked alongside cooks from some of the nation's leading restaurants documents an intense twenty-four-hour period that illuminates the allures and adversities of a professional culinary life.
Taste : the infographic book of food
Food. Volume 3, the social relations of food
Food culture in the Near East, Middle East, and North Africa
Food arts
Sous chef : 24 hours on the line
Sous chef : 24 hours in the kitchen
Back of the house : the secret life of a restaurant
The people's chef : Alexis Soyer, a life on seven courses
Mugaritz : a natural science of cooking
World food India
The man who ate everything : and other gastronomic feats, disputes, and pleasureable pursuits
Auguste Escoffier, memories of my life
Finnish cookery
Food : a culinary history from antiquity to the present
COOKERY / FOOD & DRINK ETC. Taste will explore the complex, colourful and at times controversial world of food, through a collection of thought-provoking, stimulating and beautifully-crafted infographics.
Food culture in Central America
World food Thailand
Creative chef : how to create a mind-blowing food experience
Shark's fin and Sichuan pepper : a sweet-sour memoir of eating in China
Stir the pot : the history of Cajun cuisine
Gourmet cooking with a flair
Good food : Vantaa
"After many decades, if not centuries, of neglect of fine food and high-level restaurants in Britain, we are seeing a massive explosion of interest in food, cooking, and dining out. Christel Lane's book charts the process of this transformation and examines top contemporary restaurants and their chefs."--book jacket.
Great cooks and their recipes : from Taillevent to Escoffier
Charlemagne's tablecloth : a piquant history of feasting
The Royal blue & gold cook book
Food network magazine : e-lehti
Webster's new world dictionary of culinary arts
The Glutton's glossary : a dictionary of food and drink terms
Mastering the art of french cooking
World food Japan
"Julia Child is synonymous with French cooking, but her legacy runs much deeper. Now, her great-nephew and My Life in France coauthor vividly recounts the myriad ways in which she profoundly shaped how we eat today. He shows us Child in the aftermath of the publication of Mastering the Art of French Cooking, suddenly finding herself America's first lady of French food and under considerable pressure to embrace her new mantle. We see her dealing with difficult colleagues and the challenges of fame, ultimately using her newfound celebrity to create what would become a totally new type of food television. Every bit as entertaining, inspiring, and delectable as My Life in France, The French Chef in America uncovers Julia Child beyond her "French chef" persona and reveals her second act to have been as groundbreaking and adventurous as her first,"--Amazon.com.
The French chef in America : Julia Child's second act
Good food : Helsinki
Meat, poultry & game
International gastronomy
Lobscouse & spotted dog : which it's a gastronomic companion to the Aubrey/Maturin novels
Clean eating : e-lehti
The physiology of taste, or Meditations on transcendental gastronomy
Between bites : memoirs of a hungry hedonist
Escoffier : the king of chefs
The last days of haute cuisine
