http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28443 study of myths
study of myths
Supernaturalism in human life : a discourse on myth, ritual & religion
The early writings of Bronisław Malinowski
Abstract in english.
Comparative mythology
Andrew Lang and the making of myth
Identity through the other : Canadian adventure romance for adolescents
The story of Kullervo
Ritual and myth : Robertson Smith, Frazer, Hooke, and Harrison
From Persephone to Pan : D. H. Lawrence's mythopoeic vision of the integrated personality with special emphasis on the short fiction and other writings in the early nineteen twenties
Twentieth century mythologies
Four theories of myth in twentieth-century history : Cassirer, Eliade, Lévi-Strauss and Malinowski
Pan the goat-god : His myth in modern times
Myth and the making of modernity : the problem of grounding in early twentieth-century literature
The naked man
An Amazonian myth and its history
Wellspring : on the myth and source of culture
Hamlet's mill : an essay on myth and the frame of time
The flood myth
Imaginary things: modern myth in Neil Gaiman's "American Gods" (2001)
The myth of the eternal return
All-comprehending, united and divine : the myth of ilajiha hymns in Sarajevo
Myth and Metaphor : selected essays, 1974-1988
Sacred narrative : readings in the theory of myth
Mythography : the study of myths and rituals
The translation of culture : essays to E. E. Evans-Pritchard
The man-eating myth : anthropology & anthropophagy
Literary criticism and myth
The ark before Noah : decoding the story of the Flood
The anthropology of religion : an introduction
The Picara : from Hera to fantasy heroine
The magic mirror : myth's abiding power
The myths we live by : [papers presented at the Sixth International Oral History Conference on "Myth and History" held at St. John's College, Oxford, on 11-13 September 1987]
Myths, dreams and mysteries : the encounter between contemporary faiths and archaic realities
Explorations in the anthropology of religion : essays in honour of Jan van Baal
Paradise reconsidered : a study of the Ophite myth and ritual and their relationship to Sethianism
The writer's journey : mythic structure for writers
Northrop Frye on myth : an introduction
Myth and literature
Statements are stories?
Marketing myths that are killing business : the cure for death wish marketing
Anthropology, folklore, and myth
The trickster etiquette: the figure of coyote in the poetry of Gary Snyder
The white goddess : a historical grammar of poetic myth
Myths and symbols in pagan Europe : early Scandinavian and Celtic religions
Myth and meaning
Methodological questions of myth studies
Medieval mythography. Vol. 1, From Roman North Africa to the School of Chartres, A.D. 433-1177
The Cambridge ritualists : an annotated bibliography of the works by and about Jane Ellen Harrison, Gilbert Murray, Francis M. Cornford, and Arthur Bernard Cook
The problem of defining myth
The poetics of myth
The hero myth in C. S. Lewis's space trilogy
First light : a history of creation myths from Gilgamesh to the God particle
Balkan as metaphor : between globalization and fragmentation
Mythical trickster figures : contours, contexts, and criticisms
Writing down the myths
From honey to ashes
Religious worlds : the comparative study of religion
Refashioning myth : poetic transformations and metamorphoses
Encyclopedia of creation myths
The innateness of myth : a new interpretation of Joseph Campbell's reception of C. G. Jung
The origin of table manners
Introducing the mythological crescent : ancient beliefs and imagery connecting Eurasia with Anatolia
Companion to literary myths, heroes and archetypes
Vampires unstaked : national images, stereotypes and myths in East Central Europe : proceedings of the colloquium, Amsterdam, 18-20 May 1994
The study of religion and primitive religions
The lost legend of Arthur : the untold story of Britain's greatest warrior
Myths and mythologies : a reader
The power of myth
The ritual theory of myth
Tracks on the road-myth : Indo-European religions beyond Geoge Dumezil's moyen d'analyser
The cathedral on the ridge and the implicit mythology of the Shimla hills
Toward new perspectives in folklore
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
The myth and ritual theory : an anthology
"The Myth and Ritual Theory" provides the first sourcebook for one of the most influential theories of myth, the theory which connects myth to rituals. Both classic and contemporary readings are brought together in this unique volume. The selections cover the theory from the origin in biblical and classical studies to its spread to the study of religions worldwide and to its extension to literature and the social sciences. Critics as well as exponents of the theory are well represented. In his lucid introduction, Robert A. Segal, a leading authority on the theories of myth, systematically charts the history of the theory from its beginnings to the present.
Myth and literature : contemporary theory and practice
Theories of mythology
The dialectics of myth
The unconscious in culture : the structuralism of Claude Levi-Strauss in perspective
Fairy tale as myth, myth as fairy tale
The myth and ritual school : J. G. Frazer and the Cambridge ritualists
The libretto of Parsifal read through the Greimasian mythical actant model
Theorizing about myth
Rational ancestors : scientific rationality and African indigenous religions
Underworld : flooded kingdoms of the ice age
The raw and the cooked
Religion, myth, and folklore in the world's epics : the Kalevala and its predecessors
The dark side of humanity : the work of Robert Hertz and its legacy
Sacrifice in Africa : a structuralist approach
Monday starts on Saturday
Dynamics of tradition : perspectives on oral poetry and folk belief : essays in honour of Anna-Leena Siikala on her 60th birthday 1st January 2003
Quest for myth
Arthur's Britain : history and archaeology AD 367-634
Historical changes as reflected in South American Indian myths
Studies on mythology and Uralic shamanism
Myth and mythmaking
Homage to Georges Dumézil
Leviathan : or the whale
Myth in primitive psychology
Myth and religion in Mircea Eliade
Structuralism and implicit myth
A critical investigation into myth as a literary phenomenon - does 'mythographic' literature preserve ancient stories or fabricate them? What are myths? Are there 'correct' and 'incorrect' versions? And where do they come from? These and many other related questions are addressed in Writing Down the Myths, a collection of critical studies of the contents of some of the most famous mythographic works from ancient, classical, medieval, and modern times, and of the methods, motivations, and ideological implications underlying these literary records of myth. While there are many works on myth and mythology, and on the study of this genre of traditional narrative, there is little scholarship to date on the venerable activity of actually writing down the myths (mythography), attested throughout history, from the cultures of the ancient Middle East and the Mediterranean to those of the modern world. By assembling studies of the major literary traditions and texts through a variety of critical approaches, this collection poses - and seeks to answer -key questions such as these: how do the composers of mythographic texts choose their material and present them; what are the diverse reasons for preserving stories of mythological import and creating these mythographic vessels; how do the agenda and criteria of pre-modern writers still affect our popular and scholarly understanding of myth; and do mythographic texts (in which myths are, so to speak, captured by being written down) signal the rebirth, or the death, of mythology?
