http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2849 economic sciences
economic sciences
Essays on migration
Economic resources and industries of the world
Appraising economic theories : studies in the methodology of research programs
Modern economics : an introduction
The economics of time and ignorance
The economics of tourism [Ellibs-kirja]
Optimal pollution, optimal population, and sustainability
Advances in Positive Organizational Psychology
Entrepreneurial marketing : global perspectives
Information economics
Lecture notes in microeconomic theory : the economic agent
The economics of commercial property market
The relevance of accuracy for the impact of macroeconomic news on volality
An outline of the science of political economy : with appendices
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Economic sciences 1996-2000 : Nobel lectures including presentation speeches and laureates' biographies
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
Intellectual property protection strength in a "Pool of knowledge"
Production functions
Diversifying foreign trade as a risk insurance device : from cold war bilateral trade to globalized markets
Integration of micro and macro explanations
Commercial agreement between the government of the United Kingdom and the government of Finland with protocol, Helsingfors, September 29, 1933.
Papers in economics and sociology
Statistics for economics
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
Fiscal policy in a two-sector model of a small open economy
Essential economics for business
JIBS dissertation series
The essential Galbraith
For undergraduate courses in cost-benefit analysis. A practical introduction to cost-benefit analysis through problem solving. This authoritative, market-leading text is known for its consistent application of a nine-step framework for conducting or interpreting a cost-benefit analysis. This edition includes a number of chapters that have been revised and reorganized to make the material clearer and more accessible.
Working papers in economics. Vol. 25  (TUTWPE no 168-180)
Encouragement and discouragement : essays on taxation and government expenditure
Adaptive learning and monetary policy design
Effects of the war on economic and social life in Finland
Outsourcing cost and tax progression under Nash wage bargaining with flexible outsourcing
Basic mathematics for economists
Economics and ethics : an introduction
The Elgar companion to social economics
Economic conditions in Finland 1935
Economic development of modern Europe
Research methodology in economics : problems and issues
Economics as discourse : an analysis of the language of economists
Modern Business Statistics
Wood research
The manipulation of choice : ethics and libertarian paternalism
Pluralism in economics : new perspectives in history and methodology
Stochastic simulation and optimization of mobile chipping economics in processing and transport of forest biomass from residues
Rational addiction when there are two addictive goods : cigarettes and smokeless tobacco
On the road : social aspects of commuting long distances to work
Idealization. 6, Idealization in economics
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Cycles and chaos in economic equilibrium
The consolations of economics : how we will all benefit from the new world order
Essays on investment decisions of households across the wealth spectrum
Interindustry economics
Oxford handbooks online. Economics and finance
How do we fix this mess? : the economic price of having it all and the route to lasting prosperity
The Routledge companion to international management education
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Macro- and microdata analyses and their integration
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Economics for business
Environmental mortality and long-run growth
Nordicum : Scandinavian business magazine
Misbehaving : the making of behavioral economics
Thorstein Veblen : selections from his work, with an introduction and commentaries by Bernard Rosenber
Comparative economic systems : objectives, decision modes, and the process of choice
HRM practices and firm performance : evidence from Finnish manufacturing
Discussion papers
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
The Palgrave handbook of economics and language / edited by Victor Ginsburgh and Shlomo Weber
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Geographies of Development: an Introduction to Development Studies remains a core, balanced and comprehensive introductory textbook for students of Development Studies, Development Geography and related fields. This clear and concise text encourages critical engagement by integrating theory alongside practice and related key topics throughout. It demonstrates informatively that ideas concerning development have been many and varied and highly contested - varying from time to time and from place to place. With a new colour layout and in-chapter features such as Key Ideas, Boxed Case Studies and Summaries, students will find this an easy-to-use text which will focus them on the most important information in this area of study.
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
The ethics of liberty
Journal of marketing
Globalization and African economics
Economic bulletin for Europe
Praxiology : the international annual of practical philosophy and methodology. Vol. 1, Praxiologies and the philosophy of economics
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
Reasonably simple economics : why the world works the way it does
In this handbook, Victor Ginsburgh and Shlomo Weber bring together methodological, theoretical, and empirical studies in the economics of language in a single framework of linguistic diversity that reflects the history and contemporary study of the topic. The impact of linguistic diversity on economic outcomes and public policies has been studied not only by economists and other social scientists in the contemporary era, but all the way back to the 19th century by geographer and naturalist, Alexander von Humboldt, who emphasized the importance of language in the framework of cultural experience. This interdependence of language and culture is reflected in the chapters in this handbook, which have been written by leading economists, linguists, and political scientists from universities in the United States, Australia, Russia, Israel, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Finland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic. The contributions are divided into four parts. Part I examines linguistic concepts that forge common ground between economists, political scientists, sociologists, and linguists, and introduces the notion of linguistic proximity extensively utilized in various chapters of the volume. Part II assesses the impact of languages on market interactions, including international trade, patent protection, migration, and use of languages in ancient and modern business environments. Part III focuses on the link between linguistic policies and economic development, including the analysis of regional development in Asia, Africa, Europe and Russia. Part IV addresses issues of globalization, minority languages, and the protection of linguistic rights in multilingual societies.
Reduced form modeling of limit order markets
Economic conditions in Finland 1933 : report
A textbook of econometrics
Finland - United States 1938 : special publication for the advancement of Finnish-American relations
Money and totality : a macro-monetary interpretation of Marx's logic in capital and the end of the 'transformation problem'
Von Neumann-Morgenstern stabel set bridges time-preferences to the Nash solution
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
Restoring corporate governance to lawyers : an attempt at corporate normative jurisprudence as an alternative to the reign of law and economics
A dictionary of political economy / clovar' / pod red. M. I. Volkova, A. D. Smirnova i I. P. Faminskogo
Global finance and the macroeconomy
Foundations of economic thought
Index numbers and decomposition spaces
Spend wisely and grow rich : how to manage your money
Attitude and Divergence in Business Students: An Examination of Personality Differences in Business and Non-Business Students
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
Includes 31 handbooks and 887 articles.
Trade-off analysis tool with applicability study for interactive nonlinear multiobjective optimization
Report on economic and commercial conditions in Finland : August, 1938
The economic imagination : towards a behavioural analysis of choice
The European journal of the history of economic thought
Four essays on the multivariate modelling on nonstationary economic time series
Neuroeconomics : decision making and the brain
Nonlinearity, Complexity and Randomness in Economics : Towards Algorithmic Foundations for Economics
Finnish economic papers
Technology shocks and employment in open economies
Mathematics of economics and business
Essays on market dynamics and frictions
This explains everything : deep, beautiful and elegant theories of how the world works
Adverse selection in dynamic matching markets
Von Neumann-Morgenstern stable sets and the non-cooperative solution to the bargaining problem
Mathematical modelling in economics : essays in honor of Wolfgang Eichhorn
Schools of thought in economics : index
The economics of welfare
Consistency in aggregation, quasilinear means and index numbers
The evolution of economic thought
How an economy grows and why it crashes : a tale
Capital a critique of political economy : vol. 1 the process of capitalist production
Modern economics
Economics and the theory of games
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
Philosophy and economics : the origins and development of economic theory
Summary
The philosophy of economics : an anthology
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
When to rob a bank : a rogue economist's guide to the world
Economic methodology and freedom to choose
Verification in economics and history : a sequel to 'scientifization'
Technology shocks and employment in open economics
Superfreakonomics : global cooling, patriotic prostitutes, and why suicide bombers should buy life insurance
There is emerging evidence that environmental degradation increases human mortality. This paper provides a long-run consumer optimization model in which mortality is endogenous to emissions generated by production. Emissions are assumed to follow the EKC path, first rising and then falling along with output. In the optimum, some deaths are accepted as an exchange for consumption. The model is estimated for the European outdoor air pollution data, showing that Europe has reached the downward sloping segment of the EKC. Economic growth will thus decrease rather than increase air pollution and the associated deaths in most countries in Europe.
Theoretical welfare economics
A price index is often loosely defined as some sort of average or mean of price ratios. A basic property of a mean, such as the arithmetic or geometric, for example, is that a grand mean may always be calculated as a suitably weighted mean of submeans. An analogous property of index numbers is called consistency in aggregation in the relevant literature. In this article we use the fact that with weak regularity conditions consistency in aggregation implies that pricequantity index pairs may be viewed as quasilinear means. Using this we show that these index number pairs may be equated with convex combinations in a suitably constructed vector space. We may thus apply linear algebra to their study, which is a completely new approach to the subject. To illustrate the strength of our approach, we derive a equivalence theorem of quasilinear index number formulas and additive decompositions of value change. We argue that this result shows that consistency in aggregation may be interpreted as consistency between the treatment of ratios and di*erences. We also show that many wellknown index number axioms have linear algebraic interpretations and give conditions under which a decomposition space has a natural inner product structure.
EJBO : electronic journal of business and organization ethics
Academic writing for international students of business
Do the parts determine the whole or is the whole more than the sum of its parts? We consider the possibility of unified science in economics, where the macro behaviour is determined from its micro foundations. Classical impossibility results of aggregation deny this except in trivial special cases. When behavioural equations are expressed in change form (instead of levels), the connection between micro and macro formulations becomes a real possibility.
Economic imperialism : the economic approach applied outside the field of economics
Basic business statistics : consepts and applications
Freakonomics : a rogue economist explores the hidden side of everything
On the political economy of housing's tax status
Economic survey of Europe
Radical institutionalism : contemporary voices
Too big to fail : inside the battle to save Wall Street
Bioeconomic modelling of salmon fisheries : a survey
Stress test : reflections on financial crises
A managerial revolution : what is happening in the world
Geographies of development : an introduction to development studies
Philosophy of economics : a critique of demarcation
Capital a critique of political economy : vol. 2 the process of circulation of capital
The essential Alfred Chandler : essays toward a historical theory of big business
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
Scarcity : why having too little means so much
Tests for cointegration rank and the initial condition
On the aggregation of quadratic micro equations
Essays on directional predictability of financial and economic time series
A hundred years of economic development in Great Britain
Management in Russian industry and agriculture
Architectural tourism : building for urban travel destinations
How to be human : though an economist
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
How to plan ahead for hard times in business
Readings in economics
A concise history of Chinese economic thought
The limits of performativity : politics of the modern economy
Behavioural economics. Vol. 1
Can economic analysis and policy formulation be free of ethical considerations? This book provides a rationale to explain why this is not the case. The authors of this volume argue that ethics enters economics at the ground level, and trying to leave out ethics runs the risk of leading to bad economic analysis and bad policies. The book argues that all individuals who make decisions in the economy have ethical values, which affect their behaviour and the nature of their interactions with others. It also shows how the evaluation of economic performance and policies requires a thorough analysis of ethics. This includes questions regarding the role of markets and the government, and the importance of efficiency, growth, and fairness.
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Capital a critique of political economy : vol. 3 the process of capitalist production as a whole
Essays in normative economics
How prosperity will come
Nordic journal of business
European Economics Letters
Pörssiyhtiöt 1984 = Listed companies in Finland
Economics today
World economic and social survey. 2014/2015, Learning from national supporting MDG implementation
Crises and scandals in the world of international management have brought a new spotlight onto how the subject is taught, studied and understood. There has been a plethora of literature on international management, but a lack of focus on how international management education (IME) can be shaped to respond to existing and future global business challenges. The Routledge Companion to International Management Education gathers together contributors from academia, industry and university administration involved in IME, to: introduce the domain of IME; describe the emerging state in new geographical areas; discuss the major issues and debates revolving around IME; explore the linkage of technology and international management, and shed light on the future of IME. The diverse background of the contributors provides a global perspective that challenges the dominant Anglo-American view, with up-to-date specific insights originating from their indigenous view points, which has often been neglected and inadequately covered. The volume answers important questions, such as: Do we need a vision in IME? What is the current state of IME? How has IME grown in emerging market segments? What roles does technology play in its recent development? The volume provides thought-provoking reading for educators, administrators, policy makers, human resources professionals and researchers. It will also give future international management students a glimpse of IME from a global inside-out perspective.
The properties of market-based and survey forecasts for different data releases
This comprehensive second edition of The Elgar Companion to Social Economics presents an overview of a dynamic and growing field in economics that emphasizes the key role that values play in the economy and in economic life. Social economics treats the economy and economics as being embedded in the larger web of social and ethical relationships. It also regards economics and ethics as essentially connected, and adds values such as justice, fairness, dignity, well-being, freedom and equality to the standard emphasis on efficiency. Leading contributors in the field elucidate a wide range of recent developments across different subject areas and topics. Contributors map the likely trends and directions of future research, making this second edition of the Companion a leading reference source and guide to social economics for many years to come. Providing concise discussion and an indication of what to expect in future decades, this interdisciplinary Companion will be of great interest to students and academics of social economics and socio-economics, as well as institutional, evolutionary and heterodox economics.It will also appeal to management scholars and those concerned with business ethics.
This thoroughly revised and updated edition of Mark Casson's "The Entrepreneur" presents a novel synthesis of the ideas of Joseph Schumpeter, Frank Knight and Friedrich Hayek, according to which the defining characteristic of the entrepreneur is the exercise of judgement in business decisions. The volume argues that good judgement is based on a unique combination of information, and that this information is typically exploited by founding a "market-making" firm, which links customers and suppliers who could not otherwise make contact with each other. This assessment of entrepreneurship, Mark Casson contends, has important implications for the growth of firms, social mobility and "enterprise culture".
Adapting image processing and clustering methods to productive efficiency analysis and benchmarking : a cross disciplinary approach
Report on the first five-year plan for development of the national economy of the People's Republic of China in 1953-1957
Animal spirits : how human psychology drives the economy and why it matters for global capitalism
Liberalism : the classical tradition
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Economics : the user's guide : a Pelican introduction
Since the early times of travelling architecture does constitute an important force of attraction and a vital element in marketing. Until today destinations try to increase their market positions by means of the development and restoration of the built environment. However, architecture is characterised by an enduring presence with impacts on visitors and residents alike. Hence, on a sustainable basis it needs to chime with place and situation. Where modesty might be suitable for one destination, spectacular architecture could be a transformation catalyst or unique selling proposition for another. Destination developers have to be aware of the local requirements as well as the reciprocal relationship between the modern practice of tourism and the built environment. To address the complexity of architectural tourism, throughout the book this topic is subject of a controversial discussion and approached with a contextual and interdisciplinary view.
European economy. Occasional papers
Theoretical and practical research orientations in Germain economics
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Modern labor economics : theory and public policy
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis
Getting (more of) what you want : How the secrets of economics & psychology can help you negotiate anything in business & life
A treatise on money. Vol. 2, The applied theory of money
The rhetoric of economics
Fundamental statistics for business and economics
In the calculation of economic aggregates it is often necessary to compute the value of these aggregates in some relevant subgroups as well as for the whole data. A method of calculation is said to be consistent in aggregation if it gives the same result regardless of whether it is applied directly to the whole data or to subaggregates calculated using the same method. The property has been well studied, yet a satisfactory general definition has been lacking. In this paper a definition of consistency in aggregation is given for a general class of aggregation rules. We show that any aggregation method satisfying this definition has a representation based on a commutative semigroup operation. Also, as an application we use algebraic methods to derive certain properties of index numbers satisfying consistency in aggregation. In particular, we show that any such index number formula is in fact a generalized weighted mean.
Scientific research and ontology
A woman's guide to Wall Street
Economics of contract law
Working papers in economics. Vol. 26 (TUTWPE no 181-184)
Economics : making sense of the modern economy
The philosophy of Keynes's economics : probability, uncertainty and convention
The New Palgrave : econometrics
Panel data econometrics : theoretical contributions and empirical applications
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
The business and management review
Economics : the key concepts
Aggregation of a flexible functional form namely quadratic functions are considered. The representation proceeds from simple to more complicated and ends with aggregating an arbitrary number of agentspecific quadratic functions.
Corporate social-responsibility and environmental management
Finland : some aspects of economic life : selected articles from the Finland year book 1947.
Pareto-improving bequest taxation
Reading comprehension materials for students of social and behavioural sciences. 3, Economics
Forecasting performance of the small-scale hybrid New Keynesian model
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Journal of economics
Adam Smith in context : a critical reassessment of some central components of his thought
The entrepreneur : an economic theory
Taiwan journal of forest science
A growing body of empirical evidence suggests that a positive technology shock leads to a temporary decline in employment. A two-country model is used to demonstrate that the open economy dimension can enhance the ability of sticky price models to account for the evidence. The reasoning is as follows. An improvement in technology appreciates the nominal exchange rate. Under producer-currency pricing, the exchange rate appreciation shifts global demand toward foreign goods away from domestic goods. This causes a temporary decline in domestic employment. If the expenditure-switching effect is sufficiently strong, a technology shock also has a negative effect on output in the short run.
Whole and its parts : micro foundations of macro behaviour
The international transmission of monetary policy in a dollar pricing model
