http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28402 literary agents
literary agents
James Bond : the man and his world : the official companion to Ian Fleming's creation
The faithful spy : a novel
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Undercover
Ghostman
London Bridges
Palace of treason : a novel
The secret agent : a simple tale
The hangman's revolution
Pros and cons : a short story
Act of war
A perfect spy
Californication. The sixth season
The narrows
Yael Azoulay does the United Nations' dirty work. From the caves of Afghanistan and the slums of Baghdad to the world's corporate boardrooms, Yael's job is to broker the secret deals that grease the wheels of superpower diplomacy and big business. When a suspicious death at the UN headquarters in Manhattan is covered up, Yael decides that the ends no longer justify the means and she goes rogue. Events quickly spiral out of control as Yael is forced on the run in the streets of New York and Geneva. Hunted by the world's intelligence and law enforcement agencies, Yael must ultimately learn that salvation means not just saving other's lives but slaying her own inner demons.
The other side of the story
The Big Bad Wolf
Top secret twenty-one
Echo Park
A wanted man
The infinity cage
Reloaded
The lion of justice
The screaming staircase
The informant
ESPIONAGE & SPY THRILLER. Jack Bauer is a fugitive hunted by the most powerful nations in the world. On a self-imposed crusade to destroy the criminal empire of international arms dealer Karl Rask, Jack has infiltrated the crew of one of Rask's freighters. But his mission is disrupted when the ship is hijacked by a band of suspiciously well-informed pirates off the coast of Somalia. As Jack fights to free the ship, he discovers a deadly secret hidden in its hold.
Dead lions
For Your Eyes Only : Five James Bond Stories
Point of origin
The kill list
In Victorian London, Albert Garrick, an assassin-for-hire, and his reluctant young apprentice, Riley, are transported via wormhole to modern London, where Riley teams up with a young FBI agent to stop Garrick from returning to his own time and using his newly acquired scientific knowledge and power to change the world forever.
Whose side are you AgentX : created by Rob Stone ; [written by Rob Stone and Sean Tisdale]
The killing ground
Games traitors play
Californication : tuotantokaudet 1-3
On Her Majesty's secret service
The James Bond omnibus. Volume 003
Dead or alive
Californication : the fifth season
For your eyes only
The president's daughter
Crossfire
Californication. The second season
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne sanction
Tom Clancy's full force and effect
The Afghan
Night fall : a novel
The day of the Jackal
A devil is waiting
Agent 21 Reloaded
Boy soldier
The Fourth protocol
Without mercy
Lisämateriaali: Audio commentaries on select episodes.
Exit wound
The storm begins
Californication. The fourth season
Californication. The first season
The Geneva option
Dance of death
Father Night
Californication. The third season
Rain on the dead
Dirty little secret
Wild storm
The English agent
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne deception : a new Jason Bourne novel
The reluctant assassin
The James Bond omnibus. Volume 005
