http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28430 Serbian language literature
Serbian language literature
Dark things : poems
How to quiet a vampire : a sotie
An Orthodox festival book in the Habsburg Empire : Zaharija Orfelin's Festive greeting to Mojsej Putnik (1757)
Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Charles Simic has done more than anyone since Czeslaw Milosz to introduce English-language readers to the greatest modern Slavic poets. In "Oranges and Snow", Simic continues this work with his translations of one of today's finest Serbian poets, Milan Djordjevic. An encounter between two poets and two languages, this bilingual edition - the first selection of Djordjevic's work to appear in English - features Simic's translations and the Serbian originals on facing pages. Simic, a native Serbian speaker, has selected some forty-five of Djordjevic's best poems and provides an introduction in which he discusses the poet's work, as well as the challenges of translation. Djordjevic, who was born in Belgrade in 1954, is a poet who gives equal weight to imagination and reality. This book ranges across his entire career to date. His earliest poems can deal with something as commonplace as a bulb of garlic, a potato, or an overcoat fallen on the floor. Later poems, often dreamlike and surreal, recount his travels in Germany, France, and England. His recent poems are more autobiographical and realistic and reflect a personal tragedy. Confined to his house after being hit and nearly killed by a car while crossing a Belgrade street in 2007, the poet writes of his humble surroundings, the cats that come to his door, the birds he sees through his window, and the copies of one of his own books that he once burnt to keep warm. Whatever their subject, Djordjevic's poems are beautiful, original, and always lyrical.
Farewell gift : concerto
The houses of Belgrade
Three comedies : The bereaved family. "Dr". Mrs Minister
" Borisav Stanković's classic novel, Bad Blood (Nečista krv, 1910), tells the tragic story of Sofka, a woman of otherworldly beauty, who marries a twelve-year-old boy in order to save her family from financial ruin. Bad Blood is regarded as the first Serbian psychological novel, and it left a profound influence on writers as diverse as Meša Selimovć, Ivo Andrić, Dobrica Ćosić and Vuk Drašković. Sofka, a legendary beauty, enters a society that is going to destroy her. Her apparently civilized parents prove themselves to be the villains of her fate when they arrange, for a price, an incestuous marriage into a primitive country family to protect their own selfish interests. Only love and death manage to hold the world together. Sofka in the end takes her revenge on life by giving birth to three stunted, semi-retarded children, who, she earnestly hopes, will curse her name one day and regret the fact that they were ever born. Borisav Stanković belongs to the tradition of Serbian storytellers who described the regions where they were born and raised, which in his case was Vranje, an obscure south Serbian market town close to Macedonia. Under Turkish rule, a Serbian upper class had formed which upheld the unquestioned tradition of Turkish feudal and caste relations between the estate owners and the serfs. This class dictated a patriarchal way of life to the extended family with coarse mediaeval laws and customs that not only regulated morality, but forged the chains of psychic slavery as well. Stanković was born in 1876. His family was once wealthy, but had long since fallen on hard times. His father died when he was five, and his mother when he was seven. He was raised by his grandmother, Zlata, who enchanted him with stories from Vranje's past; these tales became the source of most of his short stories and novels. " -- (Serbian Classics Press)
Getting over Europe : the construction of Europe in Serbian culture
Gorski viǰenac = The mountain Wreath
Stone lullaby = [Kamena uspavanka] : selected poems
Assembly
The Serbian epic ballads : an introduction
The Ray of the Microcosm
Through socialism to war
Rasuto vriǰeme : izbor iz savremene kn̂ičevnosti Republike Srpske = Scattered time : a selection of contemporary literature from the Republic of Srpska
The escaped mystery : poetry of Momčilo Nastasijević
Hidden tales from Eastern Europe
Oranges and snow : selected poems of Milan Djordjević
Borislav Pekic's The Houses of Belgrade, first published in 1970, draws a parallel between the unrest culminating in the Belgrade student riots of 1968 and that at two earlier points in the history of Yugoslavia: the riots which immediately preceded Germany's attack on Belgrade in the spring of 1941 and the turmoil of Serbia's entry into World War I. Pekic relates his tale through the character of Arsenie Negovan, one of the prime builders of houses in Belgrade. Although Arsenie is dying, losing his sanity as his life seeps away, his narrative is sustained by his intellectual and aesthetic vision, by his love of buildings and his passionate obsession with the houses of Belgrade. Through this metaphor of the gradual decline of a builder's mind, Pekic gives us a compelling look at the unspoken fear of loss and destruction in a chronically disrupted urban society.
Published to acclaim in 1977, this controversial novel of ideas follows Konrad Rutkowski - professor of medieval history and former Gestapo officer - as he returns to the scene of his war crimes determined to renounce, or perhaps justify, his Nazi past. In a series of letters to a brother-in-law, Rutkowski lays out his ambivalent reactions to war and unthinkable violence, connecting his own swirling ideas to those of some of the major figures of European thought: Plato, St. Augustine, Descartes, Nietzsche, Freud, and others. But the novel is more than an intellectual meditation. Pekic was himself a frequent political agitator and occasional prisoner, and he drew on his first hand knowledge of police methods and life under totalitarianism to paint a chilling portrait of an intellectual acting as a tool of repression. At the same time he questions whether Rutkowski's ideology puts him outside the philosophical tradition he so admires - or if the line separating it from totalitarianism is not as clear as we like to think.
Places we love : an anthology of contemporary Serbian poetry
The horse has six legs : an anthology of Serbian poetry
Serbian poetry from the beginnings to the present
Homage to the lame wolf : selected poems 1956-1975
Nikola Tesla was a man forever misunderstood. From his boyhood in what is present-day Croatia, where his father, a Serbian Orthodox priest, dismissed his talents, to his tumultuous years in New York City, where his heated rivalry with Thomas Edison yielded triumphs and failures, Tesla was both demonized and lionized. Tesla captures the whirlwind years of the dawn of the electrical age, when his flair for showmanship kept him in the public eye. For every successful invention--the alternating current electrical system and wireless communication among them--there were hundreds of others. But what of the man behind the image? Vladimir Pištalo reveals the inner life of a man haunted by the loss of his older brother, a man who struggled with flashes of madness and brilliance whose mistrust of institutional support led him to financial ruin. Tesla: A Portrait with Masks is an impassioned account of a visionary whose influence is still felt today.
Selected essays on Serbian and Russian literatures and history
Monumenta Serbocroatica : a bilingual anthology of Serbian and Croatian texts from the 12th to the 19th century
Birth certificate : the story of Danilo Kiš
Sinister distances : [seven stories]
Devet srpskih pesnika : antologiǰa noviǰe srpske poeziǰe = Nine Serbian poets : anthology of contemporary Serbian poetry
The prince of fire : an anthology of contemporary Serbian short stories
Originally published in 1975, The Apology and the Last Days is the final volume in a trilogy of novels--also including The Rise and Fall of Icarus Gubelkian and How to Quiet a Vampire--about the aftermath of World War II, by Borislav Pekic, one of the former Yugoslavia's most important postwar writers. The narrator tells his story from prison, where he is serving time for the murder of a former Nazi official. As the novel unfolds, we learn that the victim was the same person whom the narrator, while a lifeguard during the war, saved from drowning, thus making him vulnerable to charges of collaboration. In this tragicomic tale, Pekic explores eternal questions of fate and individual responsibility.
Modern Slavic literatures : a library and literary criticism. 2, Bulgarian, Czechoslovak, Polish, Ukrainian and Yugoslav literatures
The Invisible Comics : [alternative comics in Serbia 1980-2010]
History of the Serbian PEN : a personal view : 1926-2006 reconstruction and testimony
The Croatian poet Augustin (Tin) Ujevic (1891-1955) is one of the finest Southern Slav lyric poets and one of the great poets of Europe in the first half of the twentieth century. While Tin Ujevic's poems are hardly known in English, they are loved in his native Croatia and throughout former Yugoslavia. At least until the break-up of the Yugoslav Federation, many of Tin's lyrics were known by heart and quoted by people all over the country, even those who weren't particularly literary, in much the same way as some of W.B. Yeats's early poems, like 'The Lake Isle of Innisfree', 'He Wishes for the Cloths of Heaven' and 'Down by the Salley Gardens', are known and quoted all over Ireland and the UK.
The apology and the last days : a novel
A selection of 55 poems spanning Tadić's career from 1974 to 2006.
The bridge on the Drina
Introduction to Yugoslav literature : an anthology of fiction and poetry
The scent of rain in the Balkans
Vatra i ništa = Fire and nothing
Victims of the Biedermeier
On poetic language
Vujica Rešin Tucić : tradicija avangarde = the tradition of the avant-garde
Lake Como
Tesla : a portrait with masks : a novel
