http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p284 family foster homes
family foster homes
The study investigates parental child rearing methods, structural factors relating to the family during adolescence geographic segregation, individual resource deficits and social background of first time late live births among 32 to 37 years old women and compare to teenagers before becoming teenage mothers. The purpose is to study if results will be consistent with the hypotheses that poverty, social deprivation during adolescence and low education are causes of teen childbearing but also childlessness among elder women in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Could childlessness as well as teenage motherhood bee seen as a consequence of social deprivation and lack of educational possibilities? A discrete-time proportional hazard Cox model is applied to analyze the longitudinal observations of population-based registers covering 1980-2003 for girls born in 1966. Results show a significant economic and social gradient for first-time teenage mothers. Teenagers who had experienced family separation or who were formerly in out-of-home care in particular had an increased risk of early childbearing. Results showed that teenage mothers were in every respect in a more disadvantaged position than pregnant teenagers who had an induced abortion. Quite the opposite pattern is disclosed for late motherhood. Late first time childbirth is more commonly seen among women with a better family background and educated position than childless women in the same age group. The late first-time pregnant women who chose abortion are in a more disadvantaged position than the women who become a mother for the first time in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Conclusion: Disadvantage during adolescence is a precursor for teenage child bearing while parental unemployment and poverty are precursors of lifetime childlessness. While social disadvantage is a precursor for first time late abortion among 32 to 37 years old women, the teenage mothers are in a more disadvantage position than teenagers who choose induced abortions. Social disadvantages inflict at the same time early motherhood and childlessness because social disadvantages influence young women differently than elder women. .
The lowland
Resource management for individuals and families
Orphan train : a novel
Shifty
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
Participants  home as an interview context when studying sensitive family issues
The Christmas pearl. Carolina girls
It is often an underlying assumption that the new role of women and in general the trend toward a more egalitarian view of the concept of partnership is a main factor behind the low fertility rates in rich countries. The aim of this paper is to test the consequences of gender (in)equity on the desire of women and men to have (further) children by using gender inequity as an important category within population science. In our assumptions we want to test whether an unequal distribution of household chores and childcare duties has a negative effect on the desire to have children. Another assumption examines the potential correlation that the perception of (in)equality of women and men in society or the acceptance of government measures to ensure equal rights might have with the desire to have children. The data are derived from the recent Austrian survey Population Policy Acceptance Survey. The assumptions are tested by means of logistic regression analysis. The results show that it is new men who are likely to express a wish for children, rather than those who live in traditional partnership models. .
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
The young family project : 1979-1984
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Themes in family and consumer sciences : a book of readings 2001.. Volume 2
That was good
This paper reports findings from the study that examined the role of family in children's acquisition of early reading skills. We recruited 72 first-grade learners and their parents from low-income Zambian families for the study. In response to a home literacy questionnaire, parents reported on their reading attitudes and family literacy environment. Children's early reading skills were assessed using two early reading tests (orthographic awareness and decoding competence), both conducted at two different points during the year. Regression analyses of pretest and gain scores revealed that parental reading attitude and family literacy environment significantly predicted early reading skills. These findings suggest that the family is an important element in the children's process of learning to read. Implications of the findings are discussed.
The household of God and local households : revisiting the domestic church
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
The house we grew up in
A game for all the family
Bright young things
The good thief
Global perspectives on foster family care
Cheaper by the dozen : economies of scale in domestic work
Early and late motherhood : economic, family background and social conditions
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
Selection of building materials for detached houses : marital roles and communication behaviour in decision making
Households on the moral architecture of the economy
The virgin suicides
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Family circle : e-lehti
Fertility and new types of households and family formation in Europe
Sharp objects : a novel
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
The flight of Gemma Hardy : a novel
Family taxation in Europe
Bone meal for roses
Material relations : domestic interiors and middle-class families in England, 1850-1910
Management for modern families
An economic analysis of the family
You don't need to smack : simple strategies for dealing misbehaviour
Home-based treatment : in the life stories of Finnish young people
Economics of the family and family policies
A treatise on the family
The devil walks
The Impact of Relationship Quality on Childbearing in Finland
The friends we keep
Home and family in Japan : continuity and transformation
House life : space, place and family in Europe
Key concepts in family studies
The undertaking
Does anybody love me?
Give and take in families : studies in resource distribution
Handbook on parent education
Liddypool : birthplace of the Beatles
Did homes in ancient Greece have kitchens and bathrooms? If so, why have archaeologists had such troubles finding their remains? What did the concepts of home and house mean to the ancient Greeks? This book offers an illuminating reappraisal of domestic space in classical Greece. Beginning with the premise that we must cease to view the classical Greek house through the lens of contemporary Western notions, Janett Morgan provides a fresh evaluation of what home meant to different communities in the ancient Greek world. By employing textual analysis alongside archaeological scholarship, The Classical Greek House seeks to explain some of the contradictions that previous approaches have left unresolved. Of value to students and academics alike, Morgan's work offers an exciting new perspective on relations between men and women, public and private, and between home and city in the ancient world.
On the farm : our holiday with uncle Kev
In the growing body of theological and spiritual literature on the family over recent years there is hardly any publication that does not explicitly refer to the "domestic church". In spite of this broad interest, however, the concept itself today still remains unclear. Where the model of the "church in miniature" is not used to further align the family with the hierarchical ecclesiastical institution, it simply serves as a pious metaphor to instil some spiritual dignity to the Christian household. Likewise, theological treatises insist that the church is not a family and so the domestic church has remained a marginal and exotic note in ecclesiology as well. One may wonder, however, whether small communities, as families are, have indeed so little to tell the "new family of God" to which Christ has called his disciples to belong. Can the churches afford to neglect the specific competences that families have when it comes to serving and sharing with each other, to dealing with differences and otherness of its members (be they related to gender, age, ethnicity, or religious conviction), and to encountering God in ordinary life with its everyday ties, duties and responsibilities? This volume is intended to critically revisit the notion of domestic church and to explore both its pitfalls and potential for the life of the churches and of families.
The walk home
Miller's Valley : a novel
Raising children in love, justice and truth : conversation with parents
Husbands at home : the domestic economy in a post-industrial society
The domestic domain : changes, choices and strategies of family households
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
Summary (s. 13-18).
Tales of the peculiar
The classical Greek house
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Bringing feminism home : home economics and the Hestian connection
The Bradshaw variations
Role of Family on Pathways to Acquiring Early Reading Skills In Lusaka's Low-Income Communities
Home and family : creating the domestic sphere
Gender Trouble and Its Impact on Fertility Intentions
Zak Zoo and the hectic house
Horrid Henry's A-Z of everything horrid
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
The 36-hour day : a family guide to caring for persons with Alzheimer disease, related dementing illness, and memory loss in later life
Künstlerbürgertum : the social spheres of Berliner actors in the years 1815-1848
Youth, family and household : global perspectives on development and quality of life
Using the data from the 2008 Finnish Well-Being and Social Relationship Survey I examine how relationship quality is associated with childbearing. The respondents are 25-44-year-old married and cohabiting Finns with no or one children in 2008 and who were followed up with register data in 2011. The combined data (N=1402) gives an opportunity to examine the effect of relationship quality to actual births during the period 2008-2011. Different perceptions of current relationship, relationship satisfaction and frequency and reasons of arguing are included to analysis. The independent variables controlling for structural factors include number of children, age and education, both partners childbearing intention and duration of current relationship. Results indicate that childless men in medium and high quality relationships are most likely to have children. Men (who have a child) in medium quality relationships are most likely to have more children. Relationship quality can shape childless womens childbearing in two ways. Higher relationship quality can strengthen womens intention to have a child and so impact positively on childbearing. Also high relationship quality can result less births among childless women. Women with an earlier child in medium or high quality relationships are most likely to have more children. .
Jane Eyre
Household economics and the Asian family
Happy hour? : studies on well-being and time spent on paid and unpaid work
Housing family, and society
Body surfing : a novel
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
The management of family resources
Calmer, easier, happier parenting
Residential care : horizons for the new century
The neutered mother, the sexual family and other twentieth century tragedies
Family resource management : principles and applications
Go set a watchman
The hidden victims of Alzheimer's disease : families under stress
Journal of family and economic issues
Poppy was six years old when she was rescued from her abusive mother and taken to her grandparents' farm to recover. There, under a wide South African sky, Poppy succumbs to the magic of their garden. Slowly, her memories fade and her wounds begin to heal. But as Poppy grows up into a strange, fierce and beautiful young woman, her childhood memories start to surface. And then a love affair with a married carpenter across the valley explodes her world. This is a lush, lyrical novel about a young girl's struggle to come to terms with her past.
The secret life of a slummy mummy
On private incentives to acquire household production skills
Family and economy in modern society : edited by Paul Close and Rosemary Collins : foreword by David Morgan
Mahtab's story
