http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2851 art
art
Vasarely : 2.
Forgotten islands of Indonesia : the art & culture of the Southeast Moluccas
The book of art : 1.
Strategic management in the arts
Modern art: who cares? : an interdisciplinary research project and an international symposium on the conservation of modern and contemporary art
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Performing fantasy and reality
Open source and new media artists
The Art of Color : the subjective experience and objective rationale of color
Byzantine art in the collections of Soviet Museums
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
What does public mean? : art as a participant in the public arena
Computers and the history of art. Volume 1 / Digital art history : a subject in transition
The ambiguous intimacy of space in Monika Sosnowska's The fountain
Basic drawing techniques
Generation of artist's brand image in fine art licensing business
Creating art with mobile phones in public spaces is an emerging form of artistic expression. This dissertation investigates the design of mobile art applications for creating and sharing interactive art experiences in public spaces. It explores new ways of deploying mobile and ubiquitous computing for art making that fosters creativity and community. This is done by developing a series of novel prototype applications, with a focus on multimodal interfaces, that are put into use in authentic environments for validation by real people. The results of this research inform future design of new forms of artistic and social activity that may eventually become everyday actions of creative expression and exploration.
Designing with colour
The Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact project has been created to increase the level of knowledge and competence of cultural managers who engage in managing and mediating art projects with societal impact. The published study book by the project Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact meets the demand for developing specific management skills by discussing the intersections of art, society and impacts and their relation to different policies, as well as identifying the central managerial aspects that are relevant to increasing the societal influence of the arts. This guide, based on the contribution of project’s study book, presents some tools and models with illustrative cases and examples, which seek to reflect diverse reader experiences, learning methods and ideas for managing art projects with societal impact.
33 artists in 3 acts
The arts and man
ART AND GEOLOGY : EXPRESSIVE ASPECTS OF THE DESERT
Ethnographic interventions : a strategy and experiments in mapping sociospatial practices
Critical studies in art and design education
The Russian museum, Leningrad
Contextualization and Presence in Visual Arts
Aesthetics
Pompeii : its life and art
Chinese art treasures : (Exhibition held at the Museum December 1, 1961 - January 14, 1962)
Can Jews produce Christian art? : the church's reception of Jewish crucifixion imagery after the holocaust
Introduction to Japanese art
The role of gender in precolumbian art and architecture
Baroque and rococo art
Art information : research methods and resources
The Routledge Companion to Art and Politics offers a thorough examination of the complex relationship between art and politics, and the many forms and approaches the engagement between them can take. The contributors - a diverse assembly of artists, activists, scholars from around the world - discuss and demonstrate ways of making art and politics legible and salient in the world. As such the 32 chapters in this volume reflect on performing and visual arts; music, film and new media; as well as covering social practice, community-based work, conceptual, interventionist and movement affiliated forms. The Companion is divided into four distinct parts: * Conceptual Cartographies * Institutional Materialities * Modalities of Practice * Making Publics Randy Martin has assembled a collection that ensures that readers will come away with a wider view of what can count as art and politics; where they might find it; and how it moves in the world. The diversity of perspectives is at once challenging and fortifying to those who might dismiss political art on the one hand as not making sufficient difference and on the other to those embracing it but seeking a means to elaborate the significance that it can make in the world. The Routledge Companion to Art and Politics brings together a range of issues and approaches and encourages critical and creative thinking about how art is produced, perceived, and received.
The Routledge Companion to Research in the Arts is a major collection of new writings on research in the creative and performing arts by leading authorities from around the world. It provides theoretical and practical approaches to identifying, structuring and resolving some of the key issues in the debate about the nature of research in the arts which have surfaced during the establishment of this subject over the last decade. It will provide a point of reference for the further development of that debate in the years to come by making specific assertions about what this phenomenon is (or is not) so that subsequent scholars will have something definite to agree with or to criticise. This critical anthology benefits from a wide range of contributors from all of the major constituencies in arts-based research. The contributions are located in the contemporary intellectual environment of research in the arts, and more widely in the universities, in the strategic and political environment of national research funding, and in the international environment of trans-national cooperation and communication. The book is divided into three principal sections -- Foundations, Voices and Contexts -- each with an introduction from the editors so as to orientate the reader with regard to the main issues, agreements and debates. The Routledge Companion to Research in the Arts addresses a wide variety of concepts and issues, including: the diversity of views on what constitutes arts-based research and scholarship, what it should be, and its potential contribution the trans-national communication difficulties arising from terminological and ontological differences in arts-based research traditional and non-traditional concepts of knowledge, their relationship to professional practice, and their outcomes and audiences a consideration of the role of written, spoken and artefact-based languages in the formation and communication of understandings. This comprehensive collection makes an original and significant contribution to the field of arts-based research by setting down a framework for addressing these, and other, topical issues. It will be essential reading for research managers and policy-makers in research councils and universities, as well as individual researchers, research supervisors and doctoral candidates.
What is a designer : things, places, messages
Arts and crafts in Indonesia
Summary.
Tribe : excercises in transitory art
Latvijas PSR māksla = Iskusstvo Latvijskoj SSR = The art of Soviet Latvia
Pervobytnoe iskusstvo : pamâtniki drevnego tvorčestva v sobranii Gosudarstvennogo Istoričeskogo muzeâ = Primitive art : monuments of prehistoric creative art in the State History Museum
The modern and contemporary sphere of art and its place in societal-cultural reality in the light of system-theoretical and systemic sociology : a study of a sociological research tradition and its art-theoretical contribution
Art market and connoisseurship : a closer look at paintings by Rembrandt, Rubens and their contemporaries
Art for Empowerment : One-on-one art sessions with dementia patients
Art Nouveau in Europe today : a general appraisal
The book of art : 9.
Benin : Royal Art of Africa from the Museum für Völkerkunde, Vienna
Art : an introduction
Religious painting : Christ's passion and crucifixion
Towards a psychology of art : collected essays
Digital character design and painting
Vasarely : 3.
Processing Romany Culture through Art
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
The postmodern scene : excremental culture and hyper-aesthetics
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
The Grove dictionary of art
Immigrant artists' intercultural identity formation and development process through art making
A legacy of arctic art
Guide to artistic Italy
Knowing art : essays in aesthetics and epistemology
Indian art : essays
Possibilities of Art Appropriation in Print Advertising
Quadrum : revue internationale d'art moderne
Guide to art reference books
Larousse encyclopedia of modern art : from 1800 to the present day
Kasino creative annual
International conference "Transforming culture in the digital age" : 14-16 April 2010, Tartu, Estonia : abstracts
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
The book of art : 10.
Postcards and supasigns : extending integrationist theory through the creation of interactive digital artworks
Between man and man
The lion in Romanesque art, meaning or decoration?
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
Framer : a magazine about art above the rest
Animation of a High-Definition 2d Fighting Game Character
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
Scientific examination of art : modern techniques in conservation and analysis
Designer's Guide to Color 2
Museum and visual art markets
Sotheby's concise encyclopedia of porcelain
Chinese art
Aesthetic engagement in museum exhibitions
Managing art projects with societal impact : in a nutshell
Lessons in beauty : art and adult education
The English girl
Background noise : perspectives on sound art
Connections : the geometric bridge between art and science
Conclusion
Art and social change : contemporary art in Asia and the Pacific
Adorno's aesthetics of critique
A dictionary of art and artists
Videogames and art
The curator as a conceptual artist
Art gallery : The collection of the national gallery, london
Vasarely : 4.
NEW ART IN AMERICA / ED. BAUR
Discourses on art
On the edge of the field or inside in the plane?
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
Erotic ambiguities : the female nude in art
New cultural art centres in Moscow and St. Petersburg
Using Reference in Creating a Digital Painting
The physician of the dance of death
From its beginnings in the seventeenth century, the Baroque embraced the whole of Catholic Europe and infiltrated Protestant England, Orthodox Russia and even Muslim Turkey. Architecture, paintings, poetry, music, natural science and new forms of piety all have their places on the Baroque map. In this surprising reinterpretation of the Baroque, Robert Harbison offers new readings that stress its eccentric and tumultuous forms, in which a destablized sense of reality is often projected onto the viewer. This strange, subjectively inclined world is manifested in such bizarre phenomena as the small stuccoed universes of Giacomo Serpotta, the Sacred Mounts of Piedmont and the grimacing heads of F. X. Messerschmidt. Harbison explores the Baroque's metamorphoses into later styles, particularly the Rococo, and, in an unexpected twist, pursues the Baroque idea into the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, proposing provocative analyses of pastiches or imitations (in Der Rosenkavalier and the work of Aubrey Beardsley) or resemblances (deliberate or not) in Czech Cubism and Frank Gehry's architecture. "Reflections on Baroque" demonstrates that the Baroque impulse lives on in the twenty-first century imagination.
"I don ́t like puppets!“ : reasons and inspiration for founding object theatre
This book traces the evolution of connoisseurship in the booming Dutch art market of the seventeenth- and eighteenth centuries. The question whether or not seventeenth-century painters such as Rembrandt and Rubens created the paintings which were later sold under their names, has caused many a heated debate. Much is still unknown about the ways in which paintings were produced, assessed, priced, and marketed. Who was credited with the ability to assess paintings? How did a painting's price relate to its quality? And how did connoisseurship change as the art market became increasingly complex? This groundbreaking study includes insightful essays by, among others, Eric Jan Sluijter, Hans Van Miegroet and Neil De Marchi. It is not to be missed by anyone with an interest in the Old Masters and the early modern art market.
The book of art : 2.
On Japanese art : comparative observations on far-eastern and western art
Animation of a high-definition 2d fighting game character
101 places in Italy : a private grand tour, 1001 unforgettable works of art
Possibilities of art appropriation in print advertising
Abstract: Nkondi : a Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation. The purpose of this study was to find conservation methods and treatments suitable for an nkondi nail fetish that originates from the Congo region in Africa. This ethnographic object is on display at the permanent exhibition in the Helinä Rautavaara museum. The main problem is the extensive corrosion of the iron parts. This thesis is a combination of ethnography, artefact research, and conservation. Thesis also deals with the complexity of ethnographic conservation and its special role in the field. The object was documented thoroughly with photographs, drawings, and x-rays. Sizeable amount of material analyses were done and the condition of the object was mapped out carefully. Conservation treatments, procedures, and materials were explained and described thoroughly. After the conservation treatments the object is more stable chemically and structurally, and aesthetically the looks are more pleasing. The treatments keep the object from deteriorating further, thus helping it to survive longer. Conservation of an ethnographic object is an intricate process. It involves a lot of discussion about the ethics and other special issues. It is daunting task for a conservator, especially when encountering them for the first time.
Representations of social class and urban poverty in Tom Wolfe's The bonfire of the vanities
Phenomenologies of art and vision : a post-analytic turn
All that is : a novel
Paint or pixel : the digital divide in illustration art
Reflections on Baroque
Use of art based methods in nursing for intellectually disabled children
Ways of seeing : based on the BBC television series with John Berger
Herakleion Museum and archaeological sites of Crete
Ideas for Art Teachers
Chinese art history. Book one
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Japanismi Suomen vuosisadan vaihteen taiteessa = Japanism i finländsk konst vid sekelskiftet = Japonisme in Finnish art at the turn of the century
Visible to Oneself and Others - a Youth Work Perspective to Art and Cultural Education
Asian art treasures
The secret museum
Going digital : the practice and vision of digital artists
Global cities : cinema, architecture, and urbanism in a digital age
Pictures at the Abbey : the collection of the Irish National Theatre
Lietuvos TSR daile = Iskusstvo Litovskoj SSR = The art of Soviet Lithuania
Larousse encyclopedia of modern art
Content-based approach to experiencing visual art
Nkondi: A Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation
The book of art. 9, Chinese and Japanese art
Early Netherlandish paintings : rediscovery, reception and research
European art of the fifteenth century
Art and knowledge
Major Themes in Japanese Art
The art of suicide
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment
Design literacy : understanding graphic design
Adventures on the Borderland of Mathematics and Arts: the Kaposvár University's "CrossBorderScience" Project (2011-2012)
The British art show : old allegiances and new directions 1979-1984
Empowering mobile art practice : a recontextualization of mobile and ubiquitous computing
A handbook of Chinese art for collectors and students
The map and the territory
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
Management and the arts
Is this art : MEART the semi living artist
Computers and art
"In The Art of Suicide, Ron M. Brown explores the history of the representation of self-murder, beginning with ancient Greek scenes of the hero Ajax impaling himself on his sword and concluding with videos shot by the notorious American 'Dr. Death', Jack Kevorkian. While instances of voluntary death were common in the ancient world, such imagery was not a part of the Early Christian artistic repertoire, though representations of biblical suicides proliferated in the late Middle Ages. Paying particular attention to the one-time chasm between so-called heroic suicide and self-destruction as a 'crying crime', Brown shows how differing attitudes merged during the early modern period. By tracking the changes surrounding the perception of self-murder in the Romantic era, with its notions of the 'man of feeling' ready to hurl himself into the abyss over an unfinishable poem, it is possible to see how, after the First World War, attitudes towards suicide changed radically. In time, this led to its decriminalization. Today, when suicidal acts are widely regarded as either cries for help or expressions of a death-wish, Brown's sensitive study reminds us that the history of self-murder and of its delineation is neither simple nor straightforward."--BOOK JACKET.
Digital painting tricks & techniques : 100 ways to improve your cg art
Psychology of the arts
Art in nature
35 Plates
The Routledge companion to art and politics
Art, Games and Sensors Harnessed to Enhance Well-being
The value of arts for business
Creative arts marketing
Art history for dummies
Mapping applied visual art: a research journey in the streams of art and design
Painting digitally : with Photoshop's brush tool
Pastors on the new continent in socialist caricatures
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
The artist's mind : a psychoanalytic perspective on creativity, modern art and modern artists
Studies in Hindu and Buddhist art
The last days of new Paris
Revitalization of a community site-specific art and art festivals : a case of art site Naoshima
From sign to signing : iconicity in language and literature. 3
Native arts of North America
Afterimage : the journal of media arts and cultural criticism in the social and decision sciences
Art and the handicapped child
Creative Industries and Economic Evolution
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
A dictionary of art terms : painting, sculpture, architecture, engraving and etching : litography and other art processes : heraldry
Contemporary discussions of the image like to emphasize art's societal functions. Few studies come close to answering why pictures and sculptures fascinate and intrigue regardless of any practical functions they might serve. In this original, thought-provoking study, Paul Crowther reveals the intrinsic significance of pictures and sculptures. To address the question of how painting becomes an art, Crowther uses the analytic philosophy of Richard Wollheim as a starting point. But to sufficiently answer the question, he makes an important link to a tradition much more successful in giving voice to the deeper ontology of visual art - existential phenomenology. The result is a work that demonstrates the reciprocal relationship between phenomenology and analytic aesthetics. To expand its ontological scope and solve the problem of expression, analytic aesthetics needs phenomenology; while to develop a sustained, critically balanced, and intellectually available ontology, phenomenology needs the discursive force and lucidity of analytic philosophy. This convincing case for a post-analytic phenomenology of art is an important advancement of contemporary discussions of the philosophy of art.
Mathematics Learning through Arts and Collaborative Problem-Solving : The Princess and the Diamond-Problem
Sight unseen : whiteness and American visual culture
Violence in the arts
Roumanian art from 1800 to our days
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
Norway: A Thousand years of native arts and crafts
Paris : a guide to modern + contemporary art in the city
The book of art : 4.
THE BOOK OF ART  9 : CHINESE AND JAPANESE ART
The archive of development
The Routledge companion to research in the arts
Nkondi : a case study in ethnographic conservation
Art in a democracy
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
Beauty's appeal : measure and excess
Summary: The image of Pietism - a window to personal spirituality : the teachings of Johann Arndt as the basis of Pietist emblems.
Mapping applied visual art : a research journey in the streams of art and design
Untitled: emerging cultural forms in the digital age
Ambient art : creative information representation
Primitive art : its traditions and styles
Advanced Painter techniques
Our art : the reasoning for the acquisition and placing of the public sculptures of the Jyväskylä City Art Collection in 1977-2007
Introduction to the Logic of East-West Artistic Interactions
This is a history of the representation of suicide from the ancient world to its decriminalization in the 20th century. After looking at instances of voluntary death in ancient Greece and the famous tale of the lovers Pyramus and Thisbe, Ron Brown moves on to discuss the contrast between the extraordinary absence of such figures in early Christianity and the proliferation of images of biblical suicides in the late Medieval era. He emphasizes how differing attitudes to suicide in the early modern world slowly merged together, and pays particular attention to the one-time chasm between so-called heroic suicide and the "crying crime" of self-destruction.
Art for the disabled scheme : a chinese project to enhance limb-disabled students’ social inclusion through charity and art
