http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28543 critical psychology
critical psychology
Pedagogy of the oppressed
Teaching and learning and the curriculum : a critical introduction
A field guide to lies and statistics : a neuroscientist on how to make sense of a complex world
"Critical thinking is taught at all universities, often put forward by lecturers as the key skill that can most dramatically improve a student's understanding of a course and transform their writing. It pervades research methods teaching, critical psychology, and a range of other core curriculum elements, in exactly the same way that critical thinking pervades any discipline, and indeed, life generally. But what is it, exactly, and how can we apply it specifically to the field of psychology? In his relaxed and accessible style, Mark Forshaw takes modern real-world examples from psychology and everyday life to lighten the learning of critical thinking, explaining what it entails, why it is important, and how it can be applied to this fascinating field of study"--
Innovations in educational psychology : perspectives on learning, teaching, and human development
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Critical thinking for psychology : a student guide
Engaging minds : cultures of education and practices of teaching
In the wake of the tragedy of the shootings in Littleton at Columbine High School and other killings of children by children, there is increasing recognition of the urgent need for a deep systemic reassessment of what we are teaching our children. Based on the multidisciplinary research conducted by Riane Eisler over three decades, Tomorrow's Children presents a new integrated model for education: the partnership model.This model is an outgrowth of the cultural transformation theory developed by Dr. Eisler in her classic work The Chalice and the Blade. In that book, Eisler identifies a continuum of patterns for structuring relations. At one end of the continuum is the partnership model, which embodies equity, environmental sustainability, multiculturalism, and gender-fairness. At the opposite end of the continuum is the dominator model, which has marred much of our civilization. This model emphasizes control, authoritarianism, violence, gender discrimination, and environmental destruction. Eisler also shows that we today stand at a crossroads, where a shift to the partnership end of the continuum is essential for human welfare, and possibly survival. A new kind of education system is required to effectuate this shift.Tomorrow's Children applies the partnership model to education from kindergarten to twelfth grade and beyond, providing practical guidance for educators, parents, and students. Rather than one more add-on to existing methods and curricula, it provides a systemic approach that offers a more accurate and hopeful picture of what being human means. The curriculum loom and learning tapestry Eisler presents in Tomorrow's Children integrate three primary components of teaching and learning: what Eisler calls partnership process, partnership structure, and partnership content. The book melds Eisler's research and the work of many progressive educators into a cohesive and compelling blueprint for the kind of proactive education children need to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
Teaching students thinking skills and strategies : a framework for cognitive education in inclusive settings
Structured child-centred interventions to support families with a parent suffering from cancer : from practice-based evidence towards evidence-based practice
History and memory after Auschwitz
An introduction to critical social psychology
Meritocratic education and social worthlessness
Critical discursive psychology
Thought and knowledge : an introduction to critical thinking
Design research on learning and thinking in educational settings : enhancing intellectual growth and functioning
Cold intimacies : the making of emotional capitalism
Handbook of critical psychology
Psychology after the crisis : scientific paradigms and political debate
The Routledge companion to twentieth-century philosophy
Social psychology : traditional and critical perspectives
Written in an accessible style, the book challenges the notion of the individual or hero leader. Western develops the idea of leadership as a distributed process and provides a new framework for understanding and implementing this.
Positioning subjects : psychoanalysis and critical educational studies
The hidden roots of critical psychology
The false promises of constructivist theories of learning : a global and ecological critique
Learning to teach art & design in the secondary school : a companion to school experience
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
Religion and critical psychology : religious experience in the knowledge economy
How to think straight about psychology
Education and mind in the knowledge age
Understanding pedagogy : developing a critical approach to teaching and learning
A practical guide to critical thinking : deciding what to do and believe
50 great myths of popular psychology : shattering widespread misconceptions about human behavior
The art of thinking clearly
Challenges to theoretical psychology
Critical social psychology : an introduction
Labeling : pedagogy and politics
"Psychology After Psychoanalysis, the fourth volume in the series, is about the impact of psychoanalysis on critical debates in psychology. It addresses three central questions: - Why is psychoanalysis re-emerging within psychology? - How can psychoanalytic ideas inform psychosocial research? - How does psychoanalysis explain the relation between the individual and society? International in scope, the book includes a clear account of psychoanalysis, and the different varieties of the approach that are at work inside and outside the discipline of psychology. It explores the status of psychoanalysis as a series of concepts and as a methodology, and shows how its clinical practice is crucial to the way that it operates now in an academic context. In doing so, the book sheds light on the arguments currently occurring inside psychoanalysis, with discussion of its relation to critical psychology, psychosocial research, the health professions, culture and social theory. Parker shows how psychoanalysis rests on a notion of 'method' that is very different from mainstream psychology, and unravels the implications of this difference. Early chapters examine the lines of debate between various psychoanalytical traditions, and show how critical psychology challenges the assumptions about human nature and subjectivity made in conventional psychoanalysis. Later chapters introduce the methodological device of 'transference' and explore how psychoanalysis may be utilized as a resource to review key questions of human culture. Psychology After Psychoanalysis is essential reading for students and researchers in psychology, psychosocial studies, sociology, social anthropology and cultural studies, and to psychoanalysts of different traditions engaged in academic research"--
Understanding critical social psychology
The Cambridge companion to critical theory
"Psychology After the Crisis Ian Parker has been a leading light in the fields of critical and discursive psychology for over 25 years. The Psychology After Critique series brings together for the first time his most important papers. Each volume in the series has been prepared by Ian Parker, features a newly written introduction and presents a focused overview of a key topic area. Psychology After the Crisis is the first volume in the series and addresses three important questions: - What was the crisis in psychology and why does it continue now? - How did debates regarding the traditional 'laboratory experiment' paradigm in psychology set the scene for discourse analysis? - Why are these paradigm debates now crucial for understanding contemporary critical psychology? The first two chapters of the book describe the way critical psychology emerged in Britain during the 1970s, and introduce four key theoretical resources: Marxism, Feminism, Post-Structuralism and Psychoanalysis. The chapters which follow consider in depth the critical role of Marxist thinking as an analytic framework within psychology. Subsequent chapters explore the application and limitations of critical psychology for crucial topics such as psychotherapy, counselling and climate change. A final chapter presents an interview which reviews the main strands within critical psychology, and provides an accessible introduction to the series as a whole. Psychology After the Crisis is essential reading for students and researchers in psychology, sociology, social anthropology and cultural studies, and for discourse analysts of different traditions. It will also introduce key ideas and debates in critical psychology for undergraduates and postgraduate students across the social sciences"--
Critical thinking in psychology
Understanding early childhood : issues and controversies
Critical social psychology
Leadership : a critical text
Assessment of higher order thinking skills
Organization theory and technocratic consciousness : rationality, ideology and quality of work
Tomorrow's children : a blueprint for partnership education in the 21st century
Creativity and critical thinking
Developmentalism in early childhood and middle grades education : critical conversations on readiness and responsiveness
Psychology after psychoanalysis : psychosocial studies and beyond
The power of critical theory : liberating adult learning and teaching
Educational psychology : disrupting the dominant discourse
Understanding and interpreting educational research
The psychic life of power : theories in subjection
Lost subjects, contested objects : toward a psychoanalytic inquiry of learning
We are bombarded with more information each day than our brains can process, especially in election season. It's raining bad data, half-truths, and even outright lies. Daniel J. Levitin shows how to recognize misleading announcements, statistics, graphs, and written reports revealing the ways lying weasels can use them. This book outlines recommendations for critical thinking practices that meet the challenges of the digital age's misinformation, demonstrating the role of science in information literacy while explaining the importance of skeptical reasoning in making decisions based on online information.
Taking care of youth and the generations
Educational psychology reader : The art and science of how people learn
Psychology, society, and subjectivity : an introduction to German critical psychology
"The key question this book addresses is how to identify and create optimal conditions for the kind of learning and development that is especially important for effectively functioning in the 21st century. Taking a new approach to this long-debated issue, it looks at how a design research-based science of learning (with its practical models and related design research) can provide insights and integrated models of how human beings actually function and grow in the social dynamics of educational settings with all their affordances and constraints. More specifically: How can specific domains or subject matters be taught for broad intellectual development? How can technology be integrated in enhancing human functioning? How can the social organization of classroom learning be optimized to create social norms for promoting deep intellectual engagement and personal growth? Part I is concerned with broad conceptual and technical issues regarding cultivating intellectual potential, with a focus on how design research might fill in an important a niche in addressing these issues. Part II presents specific design work in terms of design principles, models, and prototypes"-- Provided by publisher.
Teaching for critical thinking : tools and techniques to help students question their assumptions
Critical psychology : contributions to an historical science of the subject
Challenging subjects : critical psychology for a new millennium
Social pedagogy : heart and head
The power of critical theory for adult learning and teaching
Critical psychology : an introduction
