http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28566 Eurasian wigeon
Eurasian wigeon Anas penelope
Wound care in home care : Information booklet for Kotipeura
Advances in skin & wound care
Borders matter : transboundary regions in contemporary Europe
Supporting evidence-based practice : a clinical review of TLC technology
Characteristics and composition of extracts from Finnish peat
Linospora ceuthocarpa (fr.) munk ex morelet on Populus tremula l. foliage in Finland
Principles and techniques of patient care
A-Z dictionary of wound care
The roles of collagen XVIII and its endostatin domain in wound healing, hair follicle cycling and bone development
Management of Complex Wounds
A colour guide to the assessment and management of leg ulcers
The Care of Wouds : a guide for nurses
Journal of tissue viability
Can physiological and anatomical characters be used for selecting high yielding hybrid aspen clones
Haapaniemi power stations
The composition, physical properties and occurence of eucryptite from the Haapaluoma pegmatite Finland
Stratigraphic evidence for Eemian crustal movements and relative sea-level changes in eastern Fennoscandia
Precambrian porphyry copper-molybdenum deposits in Pohjanmaa, Finland
Secondary xylem formation in transgenic hybrid aspen trees with an altered indole-3-acetic acid balance
Biology of Populus and its implications for management and conservation
Short-rotation bioenergy stands as an alternative to spruce plantations: implications for bird biodiversity
Journal of wound care
Back to the future : 11th Conference of the European Wound Management Association 17-19 May - 2001 : Dublin, Ireland
The till stratigraphy of Ostrobothnia, western Finland, with reference to new Eemian interglacial sites
Role of zinc, carbohydrate reserves, and soil properties in the vegetative reproduction of Aspen
The diatom succession of an Eemian sequence in Haapavesi, Finland
Chloride content of peat in the Mid-Ostrobothnian mires in Finland
Wound care made incredibly easy
Exposed bed forms and inferred three-dimensional flow geometry in an esker delta, Finland
The trauma manual
Site index curves for European aspen ( Populus tremula L.) growing on forest land of different soils in Sweden
The professional role and competence of tissue viability nurses in Finland
Wound management
Haparanda-Tornio
Fast-growing hybrids of Populus L. have an increasing importance as a source of renewable energy and as industrial wood. Nevertheless, the long-term sensitivity of Populus hybrids to weather conditions and hence to possible climatic hazards in Northern Europe have been insufficiently studied, likely due to the limited age of the trees (short rotation). In this study, the climatic sensitivity of ca. 65-year-old hybrid poplars (Populus balsamifera L. × P. laurifolia Ledeb.), growing at two sites in the western part of Latvia, and ca. 55-year-old hybrid aspens (Populus tremuloides Michx. × P. tremula L.), growing in the eastern part of Latvia, have been studied using classical dendrochronological techniques. The high-frequency variation of tree-ring width (TRW) of hybrid poplar from both sites was similar, but it differed from hybrid aspen due to the diverse parental species and geographic location of the stands. Nevertheless, some common tendencies in TRW were observed for both hybrids. Climatic factors influencing TRW were generally similar for both hybrids, but their composition differed. The strength of climate-TRW relationships was similar, but the hybrid poplar was affected by a higher number of climatic factors. Hybrid poplar was sensitive to factors related to water deficit in late summer in the previous and current years. Hybrid aspen was sensitive to conditions in the year of formation of tree-ring. Both hybrids also displayed a reaction to temperature during the dormant period. The observed climate-growth relationships suggest that increasing temperatures might burden the radial growth of the studied hybrids of Populus..
Missile injury : observations on the mechanism of trauma and revision surgery of soft tissue gunshot wounds
Vulnus Fennica
Haparanda, Tornio
Variation in survival and growth of cuttings in two clonal propagation methods for hybrid aspen (Pupulus tremula x P. tremuloides)
Proterozoic, gold-bearing vein occurrences associated with the granitoids in western Finland
Nutrition and wound healing / |c edited by Joseph Molnar
An interglacial deposit in western Finland illustrating isostatic rebound through the change from a marine to a fresh-water environment
Characteristics of igneous intrusions and various wall rocks in some Precambrian porphyry copper-molybdenum deposits in Pohjanmaa, Finland
This issue of Critical Care Nursing Clinics, Guest Edited by Janet Foster, PhD, RN, CNS, will focus on Wound Care, with article topics including: Wound management; wound debridement; acute wounds; nutrition and wound healing; biology of acute wound failure; psychological stress and wound healing; chronic wound management in the elderly; and adjuncts to preparing wounds for closure: growth factors, skin substitutes, negative pressure therapy and hyperbaric oxygen.
Enzyme histochemical studies on wound healing in rat liver
Effect of climatic factors on tree-ring width of Populus hybrids in Latvia
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous <em>Vitreoscilla</em> haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Wounds and Lacerations : Emergency Care and Closure
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous Vitreoscilla haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
Genetic diversity of Populus cathayana Rehd populations in southwestern China revealed by ISSR markers
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Wounds : biology and management
Kunzite from the Haapaluoma pegmatite quarry, western Finland
HaparandaTornio
Population genetic survey of Populus cathayana originating from southeastern Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau of China based on SSR markers
Wound Care at a Glance
Wound care essentials : practice principles
Selection and propagation of hybrid aspen clones for growth and fibre quality
Veterinary emergency medicine secrets
Manual of canine and feline wound management and reconstruction
Poplars and willows in Yugoslavia
Upper Valdai-Veiksel (Valdai-Weichselian) chrono- and magnetostratigraphy in Southeast Fennoscandia. Examples from Russian Karelia
Text atlas of wound management
Haparanda-Tornio : tourist guide
The Kiimala gold deposit in Haapavesi, western Finland
Marjamurto, an interstadial site in a till-covered esker area of central Ostrobothnia, western Finland
Long-term importance of aspen retention trees in the conservation of epiphytic bryophytes
Trauma radiology companion : methods, guidelines, and imaging fundamentals
Wound care documentation model : an innovation for clinical nursing.
Populus: a bibliography of world literature 1975-1988
Chronic wound care : a problem-based learning approach
Phase-specific wound management of venous leg ulcer
Handbook of equine wound management
Genetically modified silver birch and hybrid aspen : target and non-target effects of introduced traits
Creation of the peer review criteria for infected wound management
Growth and phenology of hybrid aspen clones (Populus tremula L. x Populus tremuloides Michx.)
Trends in wound care [3]. Volume 3
Summary.
A colour guide to the nursing management of chronic wounds
Honey : a modern wound management product
Essential orthopaedics and trauma
Volatile organic compounds emitted from silver birch and European aspen in response to environmental stresses
Kirk and Bistner's handbook of veterinary procedures and emergency treatment
Collagenase-2 (matrix metalloproteinase-8) in tongue squamous cell carcinoma, bone osteosarcoma, and wound repair
Lithogeochemistry in exploration for Proterozoic porphyry-type molybdenum and copper deposits, southern Finland
Hand rehabilitation : a quick reference guide and review
On marine phases and shore levels of the Eemian interglacial and Weichselian interstadials on the coast of Ostrobothnia, Finland
Acute and chronic wounds : nursing management
Step by step : wound healing
Connective tissue formation in wound healing : an experimental study
Early incision wound healing : methodological and clinical studies
European aspen and hybrid aspen under changing environment : leaf traits, growth and litter decomposition
Wound Care at a Glance combines superb illustrations with accessible and informative text to make the key concepts of wound care easy to understand. Providing practical guidance for all healthcare professionals who care for people with wounds, or who have an interest in this complex area of healthcare, it succinctly addresses a wide range of issues including relevant anatomy and physiology, psychological issues, physical care considerations, patient safety issues, legal and ethical issues, and various treatment and management options.
Reproduction and population structure in the European aspen
Aray, nasugatan ako! = (Ouch, I cut my finger!)
Textbook on First Aid and Emergency Nursing
Genetic relationships among poplar species in section Tacamahaca (Populus L.) form western Sichuan, China
Suomen geologinen kartta 1:100 000 : kallioperäkartta = Geological map of Finland : pre-quaternary rocks. Lehti 2433, Haapavesi
With Wounds and Lacerations: Emergency Care and Closure, you'll get clear, concise guidance on the latest techniques and strategies for treating lacerations, wounds, and burns. This medical reference book will help you optimize every aspect of patient care based on current literature and guidelines.Expedite review and reference with a bulleted 'Key Practice Points'section at the beginning of each chapter. Quickly reference the latest recommendations for tetanus and rabies prophylaxis. Implement the latest approaches for the use of ultrasound in foreign-body detection and removal; use of absorbable sutures on the face and hand; approaching complicated infections such as MRSA; managing chronic wounds seen in elderly and diabetic patients; applying new suture techniques and materials for pediatric patients; and updated recommendations for tetanus and rabies prophylaxis. Get step-by-step visual guidance on all aspects of wound care through more than 300 detailed line drawings and photographs showing techniques for wound assessment, irrigation, closure, wound dressing, foreign body removal, administration of local anesthesia, and follow-up care. Quickly find all the relevant information necessary to treat patients with material that focuses only on injuries that are handled by emergency physicians.
Regulatory mechanisms mediating matrix metalloproteinase-8 effects in oral tissue repair and tongue cancer
The care of wounds : a guide for nurses
Striving for purity : interviews with people with malodorous exuding ulcers and their nurses
Nurses opinions in relation to preventive care of patients at risk for pressure sore information
Ouch! I need a plaster
Investigations on the mode of combination of lignin in wood, with special fererence to aspen (Populus tremula) wood
Myth and reality in wound care
Asepsis in wound management : an observation study
Wound management : access to clinical education
Wound care
Abstract: Intracutaneous cut within episiotomy : experiences of woman after a childbirth.
