http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2854 frontier zones
frontier zones
Some observations on the effects and applications of the new law of the sea, with special reference to the Baltic
The "Karelian question" in international politics
Sustainable development in northern timberline forests : proceedings of the Timberline workshop, May 10-11, 1998 in Whitehorse, Canada
The formation of medieval Karelia
The Sichuan frontier and Tibet : imperial strategy in the early Qing
Metis and the Medicine Line : creating a border and dividing a people
A new look at ecotones : emerging international projects on landscape boundaries : edited by Francesco di Castri, Andrew J. Hansen, Marjorie M. Holland
Landscape boundaries : consequences for biotic diversity and ecological flows
Effect of vegetation on snow cover at the northern timberline : a case study in Finnish Lapland
Drawing the line : nature, hybridity and politics in transboundary spaces
Borderities and the politics of contemporary mobile borders
Tourism, progress and peace
Introduction : the revival of regional history
The devil's highway : a true story
Impacts of pollution on freshwater communities on the border region between Russia and Norway. 3, Results of the 1990-96 monitoring programme
Polish eastern border : past and present problems
Ethnography at the border
Climate change and its warming effects on vegetation and soils are a widely recognized phenomenon. In addition to warming, the understorey vegetation in northern environments has been subjected to several environmental changes, such as increasing nitrogen (N) and other disturbances. This thesis examines the effects of N-fertilization and disturbances on the vegetation biomass and abundance, plant community composition and plant, soil and microbial N and C pools. Seedling establishment of the most common dwarf shrubs (deciduous Vaccinium myrtillus, evergreens V. vitis-idaea and Empetrum nigrum ssp. hermaphroditum) was investigated after artificial disturbance treatments (vegetation and soil removal). These studies were conducted in the boreal and subarctic ecosystems and in the forest-tundra ecotone in northern Finland. N-fertilization and disturbances enhanced the amount of graminoids in plant communities, and the recovery ability of graminoids was enhanced after N-fertilization, which homogenized the vegetation and resulted in a new stable state in the plant community. The recovery ability of evergreen dwarf shrubs was low after disturbances. Disturbances created habitats for seed germination, but the seedling establishment of dwarf shrubs studied was still limited by seed availability. N-fertilization had no effect on microbial biomass. Instead, microbial biomass decreased with disturbance treatment in the boreal forest. However, the concentration of N increased in above-ground vegetation, both after N-fertilization and disturbance without any indication of N immobilization, suggesting that plant species captured the available N effectively for their recovery. The study shows that the likely outcome of N enrichment, when combined with disturbances, is the enhanced growth of graminoids. The seedling establishment does not compensate for the reduction of the vegetativerecovery of evergreen dwarf shrubs, which makes evergreen dwarf shrubs sensitive to environmental changes. As the understorey is more resilient to perturbations in the boreal forest than in the subarctic ecosystem, these results emphasize the sensitivity of the vegetation to simultaneous environmental changes in the northernmost ecosystems. Moreover, microbial properties are more resilient to environmental changes than is above-ground vegetation.
Research and management of the northern timberline region : proceedings of the Gustav Sirén symposium in Wilderness Center Inari, September 4.-5.1997
Borders and regions in a transforming Northern Europe : a conceptual perspective
Tourism and borders : contemporary issues, policies, and international research
Willow-characterised shrub vegetation in tundra and its relation to abiotic, biotic and anthropogenic factors
Effects of air pollutants on terrestrial ecosystems in the border area between Norway and Russia : proceedings from the first symposium Svanvik, Norway, 18.-20 March 1992
Russia and the European Union : prospects for a new relationship
Borders matter : transboundary regions in contemporary Europe
Curtains of iron and gold : reconstructing borders and scales of interaction
The territorial peace : borders, state development, and international conflict
Feedback processes between climate, surface and vegetation at the northern climatological tree-line (Finnish Lapland)
On the forest-tundra and the northern tree-lines: a preliminary synthesis
Tourism and political boundaries
Northern silviculture and management : [IUFRO Working Party S1.05-12 Northern Forest Silviculture and Management, Symposium in Lapland, Finland, August 16-22, 1987]
Politics and development in a transboundary watershed : the case of the Lower Mekong Basin
Cross-border trade in Karelia from the middle ages to the October revolution 1917
Regional development in Northern Europe : peripherality, marginality and border issues
Notes on the moth fauna (Lepidoptera) in the Finnish Green belt zone as indicated by bait traps
Practical guide to cross-border cooperation
Our places, their spaces : urban territoriality in the Northern Irish conflict
Transborder environmental and natural resource management
Territorial issues in Europe and East Asia : colonialism, war occupation, and conflict resolution
An archaeology of the Iron Curtain : material and metaphor
On the border of East and West : Greek geopolitical narratives
Finland's position in Russian transit traffic : is cross-border zone a viable alternative?
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
The development of industry and commerce in Russian Karelia from the late seventeenth to twenty-first century
Rights to oceanic resources : deciding and drawing maritime boundaries
Abstract: Axe marks and traces of a bark beetle (Tomicus minor, Hart.).
Borderlands : comparing border security in North America and Europe
NGP Yearbook 2015 : geographies of regions, borders and identity
The resilience of understorey vegetation and soil to increasing nitrogen and disturbances in boreal forests and the subarctic ecosystem
Lines drawn upon the water : First Nations and the Great Lakes borders and borderlands
Temperature sum as a restricting factor in the development of forest in Subarctic
Sustainable development of the lesotundra zone in Russia: Problems and opportunities
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
On the border : society and culture between the United States and Mexico
The influence of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae) on the timber-line in subarctic conditions
Changing images of Europe and the preconditions for cross-border cooperation on the external borders of the European Union
China inside out : contemporary Chinese nationalism and transnationalism
Bridging national borders in North America : transnational and comparative histories
Shakespeare on the edge : border-crossing in the tragedies and the Henriad
Border games : policing the U.S.-Mexico divide
Nature and dynamics of forest-savanna boundaries
Continental crossroads : remapping U.S.-Mexico borderlands history
Mapping the body, embodying the map : a corporeal  taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia
On the border of east and west : Greek geopolitical narratives
The U.S.-Mexican border in the twentieth century : a history of economic and social transformation
Where the world ended : re-unification and identity in the German borderland
Transnational spaces
Seasonality of bacterioplankton in subarctic ponds above and below treeline
Political boundaries and coexistence : proceedings of the IGU-Symposium, Basle/Switzerland, 24-27 May 1994
Ethnic transnational capital transfers and development : utilization of ties with South Korea in the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture, China
Relevant circumstances and maritime delimitation
Frontiers of the Roman Empire
The ugly frontier
On the rim of Mexico : encounters of the rich and poor
Common border, shared problems : research reports
The new violent cartography : geo-analysis after the aesthetic turn
Mapping the Body, Embodying the Map: A corporeal taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia is a project realized along and across the buffer zone within the Venetian walls of Nicosia, the  capital city of Cyprus.  The focus of this project is the area that divides the city into two parts and it has been mentioned as buffer zone,  green line, borderline, dividing line, dead zone and many more. This restricted area has activated not only  physical barriers for people but also caused emotional and mental restrain.  The motivation is my wish to reveal the significance of this area and uncover the impact it creates on the body:  physical, mental and emotional. Also my intention is to deform and reconstruct the psychophysical perceptions of  the dividing line through artistic means.  The approach and method of working consists of artistic research, and a practical and theoretical framework. I  have used live performance as my creative technique to realize a series of site-specific performance interventions  along and across the Nicosia buffer zone in order to generate knowledge about that area, examined in my research.  In addition, the written part of this project includes a description and analysis of my artistic work at the border,  supported with theories focusing mainly on José Esteban Muñoz's work, “Disidentifications” (1999) and Sarah  Pink's “Doing Sensory Ethnography” (2009).  This thesis project questions: How the conventional idea of the border and its solidified historicity can be  transformed to a new perception through performing, while bringing a psychophysical transformation to this  experience? To come to an answer, the body is used as a tool to create live actions and the Nicosia border is used  as a site to be experienced through non covnentional ways. Finally, the outcome is an experiential mapping, which  is shaped while the body is used to measure, archive, experience and re-experience, and therefore memorize the  border anew.
A 4,000 kilometer journey along the Sino-Russian border
Transboundary protected areas in Europe
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
