http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28596 television actors
television actors
Rin Tin Tin : the life and legend of the world's most famous dog
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Vital signs : music, movies and other manias
Back story : a memoir
The eternal party : understanding my dad, Larry Hagman, the TV star America loved to hate
"In the late 1990s and early 2000s, the landscape of television began an unprecedented transformation. While the networks continued to chase the lowest common denominator, a wave of new shows, first on premium cable channels like HBO and then basic cable networks like FX and AMC, dramatically stretched television's narrative inventiveness, emotional resonance, and artistic ambition. No longer necessarily concerned with creating always-likable characters, plots that wrapped up neatly every episode, or subjects that were deemed safe and appropriate, shows such as The Wire, The Sopranos, Mad Men, Deadwood, The Shield, and more tackled issues of life and death, love and sexuality, addiction, race, violence, and existential boredom. This revolution happened at the hands of a new breed of auteur: the all-powerful writer-show runner. These were men nearly as complicated, idiosyncratic, and "difficult" as the conflicted protagonists that defined the genre."--
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Talking as fast as I can : From Gilmore Girls to Gilmore Girls and everything in between
Life's too short. Kausi 1
The science of Battlestar Galactica
Benedict Cumberbatch
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
Martin Clunes : the biography
Idris Elba : So, now what? : the biography
The girl with the lower back tattoo
Hollywood speaks : deafness and the film entertainment industry
A book for her
The bassoon king : art, idiocy, and other assorted tales from the band room
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
The who's who of soap operas
"When you have a very famous father, like mine, everyone thinks they know him. My Dad, Larry Hagman, portrayed the storied, ruthless oilman JR on the TV series Dallas. He was the man everyone loved to hate, but he had a personal reputation of being a nice guy who fully subscribed to his motto: Have Fun, Don't Worry, Be Happy. Dad had a famous parent too, Mary Martin, known from many roles on Broadway, most memorably as Peter Pan. Off-stage she was a kind, elegant woman, who maintained the down home charm of her Texas roots. Both were performers to the core of their beings, masters at crafting their public images. They were beloved. And their relationship was complex and often fraught. My father never apologized for anything, even when he was wrong. But in the hours before he died, when I was alone with him in his hospital room, he begged for forgiveness. In his delirium he could not tell me what troubled him but somehow I found the words to comfort him. After he died I was compelled to learn why he felt the need to be forgiven. As I solved the troubling mystery of why my happy-go-lucky, pot-smoking, LSD-taking Dad had spent his last breaths begging to be forgiven, I also came to know my father and grandmother better than I had known them in life"--
What the **** is normal?!
Born a crime : and other stories
Directing actors : creating memorable performances for film and television
The book of Joan : tales of mirth, mischief, and manipulation
Leonard : my fifty-year friendship with a remarkable man
Camp David : the autobiography
Charlotte Crosby has been one of the UK's best-loved TV stars since she burst onto the celeb scene in 2011 with Geordie Shore. Laugh-out-loud hilarious, genuine, and a proper Geordie, Charlotte's popularity has even seen her crowned winner of 2013's Celebrity Big Brother. With her trademark humour and warmth, in ME ME ME Charlotte takes us on a very unique journey through her eventful teenage years (where literally nothing is off limits!), her attempts at holding down jobs (and booze), the life-changing experience of Geordie Shore, the truth about Gaz and his parsnip, and her inspiring weight-loss triumph. Full of drawings, doodles, and Charlotte's personal photos, this will be unlike any other celebrity autobiography on the market. Extremely personal, insanely honest and pant-wettingly funny.
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
Making soapies in Kabul : hot days, crazy nights and dangerous liaisons in a war zone
Cool repentance
The film director prepares : a practical guide to directing for film & TV
Yes please
Dead famous
All she wants
Robert Downey Jr. : the rise and fall of the comeback kid
"Keegan Allen is the international breakout star of ABC Family's hit television series, Pretty Little Liars. A gifted photographer and writer--and a dazzling film, television, and stage actor now counting millions of fans across the globe--Keegan Allen brings tremendous talent and energy to his first publishing project. Keegan tells a unique story with his photographs. On one hand, the book is a beautifully candid view into the glamour and timelessness of Hollywood, a mysterious yet wildly alluring place. On the other hand, it is a blissfully unassuming portrait of ordinary life- the unknown young woman gazing dreamily from the balcony of her hotel room, or the old woman who walks the same street every morning in her pink bathrobe, just to stop and talk to a passerby. Through his own stunning photography and captivating prose and poetry, life.love.beauty chronicles the author's life growing up just off the Sunset Strip, coming into his own as a young aspiring actor, looking for love and understanding, negotiating the seductions and disappointments of Hollywood, landing a plum role in a hit television series, encountering and embracing his fans, traveling the globe to promote his work, and striving to stay connected to his closest friends and loved ones" -- Provided by publisher.
Sick in the head : conversations about life and comedy
Voice acting for dummies
Poirot and me
White cargo
Yes Please
A comedic memoir by the actor best known for his portrayal of Dwight on The Office traces his experiences as a young misfit, his early career struggles and his post-success reconnection with the artistic and creative values of his Baha'i faith.
The rough guide to British cult comedy
Easily distracted
Smash. Season one
Late life jazz : the life and career of Rosemary Clooney
Making waves : the autobiography
Robert Downey jr : the fall and rise of the comeback kid
The biography of George Clooney
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Paddle your own canoe : one man's fundamentals for delicious living
How they cast it : an insider's look at film and television casting
Oprah Winfrey is an international television talk show icon, a billionaire, a noted philanthropist, and an adoptive mother of underprivileged children in America and Africa. She has achieved a position of such eminence that she has been recognized as one of the world's most powerful people by CNN, Time, USA Today, Life, Forbes, and Entertainment Weekly. This biography examines the life of a person raised in poverty and a single mother at 14, who is now one of the richest and most influential people in the world. Oprah's life is a bonafide rags-to-riches story that is all the more compelling because of her empathy, sense of humor, and ability to communicate and connect with people. Beyond the estimated 30 million American viewers who tune into her television show each week, there are devoted fans in 140 countries where Oprah's show is broadcast. Her life and businesses continue to expand, now encompassing a radio channel, two magazines, and the forthcoming OWN: The Oprah Winfrey Network television channel. This book documents the different aspects of Oprah's life, incorporating the details of her public, private, and philanthropic personas. These seven chapters of the second edition span the time period from her childhood in rural Mississippi to her present-day status as a global superstar and philanthropist.
Sorry not sorry : dreams, mistakes, and growing up
Gandolfini : the real life of the man who made Tony Soprano
The art of voice acting : the craft and business of performing for voice-over
Hello darlin' : tall (and absolutely true) tales about my life
The actress best known for her work on "Parks and Recreation" and "Saturday Night Live" reveals personal stories and offers her humorous take on such topics as love, friendship, parenthood, and her relationship with Tina Fey.
Chambers film and television handbook
I promised my dad : an intimate portrait of Michael Landon by his eldest daughter
A portrait of an idiot as a young man : part memoir, part explanation as to why men are so rubbish
Secrets of screen acting
Born with teeth : a memoir
Cher : strong enough
Murder at the Academy Awards : a red carpet murder mystery
Life, love, beauty
My lucky life in and out of show business : a memoir
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from the Sopranos and the Wire to Mad men and Breaking bad
Oprah Winfrey : a biography
In the frame : my life in words and pictures
Bossypants
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
Service wash
Size matters not : the extraordinary life and career of
eYE Marty : my life in words and pictures
