http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28578 religious tales
religious tales
English fairy tales and legends
Myths and legends of the Congo
Scandinavian legends and folk-tales : rerold by Gwyn Jones ; illustrated by Joan Kiddell-Monroe
Fables and legends of Ireland
Ghouls and monsters
Motif-index of Latvian folktales and legends
Encyclopedia of Korean folk literature = Hanguk-minsongmunhak-sajeon
Oriental : myths and legends
Swedish folktales and legends
Miraculous plenty : Irish religious folktales and legends
Touchstones : reflections on the best in children's literature. Vol. 2, Fairy tales, fables, myths, legends, and poetry
No nhu chua chôm = Indepted as Lord Chôm : the legend of the forbidden street : [Vietnamese & English]
Carruurtii reer Leer : [Waa Khuraafaadkii Dadka Keltik-ga] = The Children of Lir : [a celtic legend]
CLASSIC FICTION (CHILDREN'S / TEENAGE). Celebrate your year from New Year's Day to Christmas Eve with this treasury of 52 best-loved stories from around the world. This rich resource collects together folk tales from home and legends and myths from distant lands to commemorate the changing seasons, cultural events and international festivals throughout the year. Stories include Father Frost, The Magic Porridge Pot, The Frog Prince, The Runaway Pancake, The Pot of Gold, The Hare in the Moon and One Dark and Stormy Night. Ages 7+
Childrens book of mythical beasts and magical monsters
Storytelling in religious education
The telling of stories : approaches to a traditional craft : a symposium
Legends and folktales of Lappland
Celtic myths
SCANDINAVIAN LEGENDS AND FOLK-TALES
The names upon the harp
The complete Russian folktale. [Vol. 5], Russian legends
Baba Yaga : the ambiguous mother and witch of the Russian folktale
A year full of stories : 52 folk tales and legends from around the world
Case studies on folk-narrative and cultural identity
Once upon a time : myth, fairy tales and legends in Margaret Atwood's writings
Scandinavian folk belief and legend
The structural-semantic types of Lithuanian folk tales. Volume I, Genres and tale types
Lir aracanin kuzhanthaigal = The Children of Lir
The ordinary and the fabulous : an introduction to myths, legends and fairy tales
The peach boy
Studies in oral narrative
Great Irish legends for children
Nhung Nguòi Con cua Li-o : môt truyên cô tich cua Nguòi Seo = The Children of Lir : a celtic legend
Finnish folklore
Suomen kansankulttuurin kartasto = Atlas of Finnish ethnic culture. 2, Suomen perinneatlas = Folklore
Dorling Kindersley myths & fairy tales collection
Folktales of Norway
Mimekor Yisrael : classical Jewish folktales
Grandma Panda's China storybook : legends, traditions and fun
Fairy tales and legends from Romania
On the trail of Britain's fairy folk
The Russian garland of fairy tales, : being Russian folk legends : translated from a collection of chap-books made in Moscow
Scandinavian folktales
Japanese children's favorite stories
Atfal Lir = The Children of Lir : [a celtic legend]
American indians : folk tales & legends
