http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28524 ecovillages
ecovillages
Sustainability on community-based homestay tourism : case: Kiau Nulu Village, Sabah, Malaysia
Community ecotoxicology
Plant macrofossil evidence of changes in aquatic and terrestrial environments in north-eastern European Russia and Finnish Lapland since late Weichselian
Species coexistence : ecological and evolutionary perspectives
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
100 alien invaders : [animals and plants that are changing our world]
Butterfly communities in relation to changes in the management of agricultural environments
Why big fierce animals are rare
The role of body size in multispecies systems
Structure and function of tundra ecosystems : papers presented at the IBP Tundra Biome 5. International Meeting on Biological Productivity of Tundra, Abisko, Sweden, April 1974
Communities and ecosystems : linking the aboveground and belowground components
Climate and ecosystems
Nutrient enrichment and water depth modify consumer control in rocky shore macroalgal communities
The year of the flood
The impact of environmental variability on ecological systems
Biosphere 2 : the human experiment
Community ecology : processes, models, and applications
The evolutionary strategies that shape ecosystems
Voles and their trophic interactions in a changing landscape
Ecosystem geography : from ecoregions to sites
The ecology of North America
The massive growth of the tourism industry during the last 50 years has led the tourists to seek new, unspoilt destinations - often from the developing countries. In the rush to compete about the economic gain opportunities this creates, the well-being of the local population is commonly overlooked. The benefits and costs of tourism are not equally spread. The recent development of alternative tourism has made it possible for the local communities to be also at the receiving end of the tourism profit chain. One example of community-based tourism is Homestay tourism. This kind of tourism has its own characteristics what comes to management and sustainability. This thesis is a case study of the Homestay project of a village in Sabah, Malaysia, called Kiau Nulu. The aim is to define sustainability in small-scale, community-based tourism operations in a rural village setting. In order to do this it was essential to consider the role of tourism in the village, find out who should determine sustainability and for whom it should be developed. The purpose was to provide the villagers with a tool to help them plan their tourism operations. The author used an ethnographic research model, including non-participatory observation, informal interviews and desk research as data collection methods. The data collection was conducted in Kiau village and two other native villages in Sabah during the months from June to August 2003. Villagers and local tourism professionals related to Homestay tourism were discussed with and observed to determine the local point of view to the subject. The results of the research showed, that community tourism operations differ fundamentally from the mainstream tourism in pursue of sustainability, as their product is their own culture and life. Their product cannot be altered, so they have to choose their tourists and concentrate on their own needs and benefit. Also the basic information about the concepts of sustainability and tourisms negative impacts is imperative, before Kiau community can learn to manage tourism sustainably. Tourism must have an objective the villagers set for it. Thus planning and democratic decision making are vital. Becoming dependent on tourism has to be avoided. Sustainability in Kiau has to be determined by the villagers themselves. The scientific 'western' perception of sustainability combined with the locals wants and values can provide an exellent sustainability definition suitable for Kiau's needs and culture. Kiau village has good chances to achieve sustainable development as they still are community-oriented and the values of their ancestors are forming a valuable heritage to rely on. This thesis provides the authors view on sustainability in Kiau, and can therefore present only recommendations based on research.
Species turnover of aquatic organisms in space and time : patterns in community composition and diversity
The Usborne Living World Encyclopedia
Coral reefs
Effects of interspecific relationships in forested landscapes on breeding success in Eurasian treecreeper
Community ecology
Toward a unified ecology
Ecology : individuals, populations and communities
Multi-stressor effects in boreal streams:disentangling the roles of natural and land use disturbance to stream communities
Community ecology in a changing world
Ecological restoration : principles, values, and structure of an emerging profession
Recruitment of forest plants in relation to experimentally manipulated microhabitats and soil microbial communities
"Most of ecology is about metabolism: the ways that organisms use energy and materials. The energy requirements of individuals - their metabolic rates - vary predictably with their body size and temperature. Ecological interactions are exchanges of energy and materials between organisms and their environments. So metabolic rate affects ecological processes at all levels: individuals, populations, communities and ecosystems. Each chapter focuses on a different process, level of organization, or kind of organism. It lays a conceptual foundation and presents empirical examples. Together, the chapters provide an integrated framework that holds the promise for a unified theory of ecology.The book is intended to be accessible to upper-level undergraduate, and graduate students, but also of interest to senior scientists. Its easy-to-read chapters and clear illustrations can be used in lecture and seminar courses. Together they make for an authoritative treatment that will inspire future generations to study metabolic ecology".
THE DEVELOPMENT POTENTIALS OF GHANA’S CAPE COAST AS A DESTINATION.
Ecology : the experimental analysis of distribution and abundance
Introducing environment
Impacts of pollution on freshwater communities on the border region between Russia and Norway. 3, Results of the 1990-96 monitoring programme
Climate change and boreal rivers:predicting present-day patterns and future changes in hydrological regime and its effects on river communities
Recent eutrophication of coastal waters in southern Finland : a palaeolimnological assessment
The development potentials of Ghana's Cape Coast as a destination
Mycorrhizal ecology
Assessing the impact of river pollution via individuals, populations and guilds of hydropsychid caddis larvae
As human activities are increasingly affecting natural communities, many communities are impacted by multiple stressors and their interactions. Understanding how natural and anthropogenic stressors act individually and in concert is essential for managing and conserving natural ecosystems efficiently. In this thesis I studied how geology-related natural acidity, land drainage and their interaction affect biological communities and leaf decomposition in boreal headwater streams. I further assessed the concordance of communities along natural and anthropogenic stressor gradients. As model organisms, I used benthic diatoms, bryophytes, invertebrates and leaf-decomposing fungi.I showed that geology-related natural acidity constitutes a strong environmental filter for stream communities, reducing species richness and changing community composition. Community concordance was also generally strongest along the natural acidity gradient. However, natural acidity mostly did not homogenize communities nor did it affect leaf decomposition by fungi. Effects of peatland drainage differed between the two stream types, being mainly sedimentation in the circumneutral streams and increasing metal concentrations in the acid streams. Overall, changes in community composition were better able than pure species richness to track single stressor impacts. Furthermore, fungal assemblages were more homogeneous and decomposition rates slower in drained acidic sites than in any other stream type. Thus the drainage-induced shift in water chemistry in the acidic streams seems to constitute an even stronger environmental filter than sedimentation. Conservation planning needs to give special attention to these vulnerable, naturally stressful ecosystems.
Monitoring ecological change
Linking species & ecosystems
Effects of harmful chemicals on soil animal communities and decomposition
Ecology, environmental requirements and conservation of corticioid fungi occupying small diameter dead wood
"Explains the new metabolic theory of ecology, puts it into context, and shows how it can be used to answer contemporary problems".
Multi-stressor effects in boreal streams : disentangling the roles of natural and land use disturbance to stream communities
The Usborne living world encyclopedia
Analysing the evolution of industrial ecosystems : concepts and application
Ecosystems, society, and health : pathways through diversity, convergence, and integration
The tourism industry has contributed significantly to Ghana's economy, particularly in recent times, as the sector continues to demonstrate its potential as a key driver of growth. For example, between 2000 and 2005, visitor arrivals and spending increased by 46 per cent and 68 percent respectively. The industry is currently the third largest foreign exchange earner after merchandise exports and remittances from abroad and has become one of the most important and fastest growing sectors of the Ghanaian economy. Tourism receipts in Ghana are forecasted to reach $1.5 billion by the end of 2010.Cape Coast municipality that is regarded as the brain box of Ghana's tourism still lack the concept and dignity tourism site should attain. Therefore there is the need to access and evaluate the current situation of the tourism sector in the municipality and as a result recommend what needs to be done and has been done by more world famous tourism destinations and countries to get to where they are today. This thesis was purely conducted based on literature review by reviewing, analyzing and authenticating the projects and reports already written on similar topic and project. Tourism textbooks, journals, Internet sources and internet reports were the secondary sources reviewed. The keys findings of the research were aimed at analyzing the tourism potentials of Cape Coast as a destination so as to make it attractive to both domestic and international tourists.
Ecotourism, NGOs, and development : a critical analysis
Community forest monitoring for the carbon market : opportunities under REDD
Response of the boreal forest ecosystem to climatic change and its silvicultural implications : progress report
Species diversity in ecological communities : historical and geographical perspectives
Ecosystem dynamics of the boreal forest : the Kluane Project
Individual-based models and approaches in ecology : populations, communities and ecosystems
Biodiversity in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment on biodiversity and nature conservation in the Baltic Sea
Ecoregions : the ecosystem geography of the oceans and continents
Fennoscandian tundra ecosystems. Part 1, Plants and microorganisms
Air pollution and forest ecosystems in the European community : an assessment of the current scientific evidence
Metabolic ecology : a scaling approach
Magoroto Mlinga community ecotourism : a feasibility study
Tourism and sustainability : development and new tourism in the third world
The ecological succession and characteristics in small Finnish polyhumic reservoirs
Living together : cohousing ideas and realities around the world : proceedings from the international collaborative housing conference in Stockholm 5-9 May 2010
Global mobilities and tourism development : a community perspective
Biogeography : an ecological and evolutionary approach
Bird fauna of the Finnish forests in relation to forest succession. 1
Biological diversity : the coexistence of species on changing landscapes
The age of the mammoths
A comparison of the impacts of introduced signal crayfish and native noble crayfish in boreal lake ecosystems
Ecotourism and Sustainability: Social Impacts on Rural Communities : Case: San Luis Potosí, Mexico
Ecological assembly rules : perspectives, advances, retreats
Linking social and ecological systems : management practices and social mechanisms for building resilience
Sensitivity of ecosystem functioning to changes in the structure of soil food webs
Complexity of soil faunal communities in relation to ecosystem functioning in coniferous forest soil : a disturbance oriented study
Ecosystems and human well-being : current state and trends : findings of the Condition and Trends Working Group
Biology and ecology of earthworms
Local knowledge and participatory research in the Arctic : Ninth Annual Seminar of the ARKTIS Arctic Doctoral Programme: abstract book : Arctic Centre, Rovaniemi 4-5rd April 2011
Biodiversity conservation and poverty alleviation : exploring the evidence for a link
Communities and ecosystems
Reconstructing change and resilience in environmental and social conditions - what can we learn from the past for the future : 11th Annual Seminar of the ARKTIS Arctic Doctoral Programme: abstract book : Arctic Centre, Rovaniemi 4-5th April 2013
