http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2850 performing arts
performing arts
TheatreNOW
The multidisciplinary path of Dimi-0 / Virve Sutinen
Dancing north : nordic dance in the 90s = Rumbo al norte : la danza nórdica de los anos noventa / [edition: Anne Flindt Christensen]
Writing performance : poeticizing the researcher's body
Interview with myself / Julius Elo
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
TDR : the drama review
Chinalive : reflections on contemporary performance art
Delicious disgust? : [La Ribot] / Virve Sutinen
Booking and tour management for the performing arts
Spin-Fold-Spill : a textual investigation about role-play, narrative, and fictitious truths
The politics of new media theatre : life
International bibliography of theatre. 1997
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
Combining formal and informal approaches to meet the challenges of teaching music performance in a contemporary, tertiary, online environment
Ethics, language, community : Theatre Academy Special issue for Helsinki ACT '97
Essential guide to business in the performing arts
Imagining some space
Performing arts institutions and young people
Utopia in performance : finding hope at the theater
Artist and patron in postwar Japan : dance, music, theater, and the visual arts, 1955-1980
Midsummer night's Romeos
Navigating the unknown : the creative process in contemporary performing arts
Performing processes
Storm : the first generation of European breakdance / Jonna Strandberg
On the fringes of the theatre / Virve Sutinen
Understanding Bharata Natyam : (lectures at Baroda university)
(Capturing intention) : documentation, analysis and notation research based on the work of Emio Greco, PC
Dramatic notes : foregrounding music in the dramatic experience
Tracing the footprints : documenting the process of performance
Performance : texts and contexts
Art lessons : learning from the rise and fall of public arts funding
Performance, technology, & science
The theater event : modern theories of performance
The marketing manual : for performing arts organisations
Fascinating stage arts
Live : art and performance
Live physical theater performance recorded at Blue Room Theatre, Perth, Australia, in 1996.
Ex Machina : from page to stage
Analyzing performance : theater, dance, and film
Cast of one : one-person shows from the Chautauqua platform to the Broadway stage
Invitation to the party : Building bridges to the arts, culture and community
Live physical theater performance recorded at University of Malta Theatre, Valetta, Malta, in July 1997.
How to successfully manage dance-related business in a highly competitive environment
Dance research journal
The metamorphoses of French hip hop / Taina Tervonen
The Routledge reader in gender and performance
Performance and performativity
Performance histories
The art of theatre, film& television : an introduction
The empty space
Beyond performance in Japanese Butoh dance : embodying re-cration of self and social identities
This book takes a fresh 'how to' approach to Practice as Research. At the 'performance turn' it argues that old prejudices should be abandoned and that a PaR methodology and its modes of 'doing-knowing' should be fully accepted in the academy. It refines Robin Nelson's earlier models for PaR but sustains the dynamic and dialogic interplay between different modes of knowledge-production in a multi-mode research inquiry. It advances strategies for articulating and evidencing the research inquiry and offers practical guidance to practitioner-researchers on how to conduct a PaR inquiry. With reference to examples drawn from a decade of supervisory, examining and audit experience, Nelson addresses - and offers answers to - the many questions students, professional practitioner-researchers, regulators and examiners have posed in this domain. To broaden the perspective and take account of differing levels of acceptance and development of programmes in PaR around the word, in Part II of the book six international contributors respond to Part I and afford cross-sights from the standpoint of their territory (covering the US, Europe, South Africa and New Zealand).
Reflections on stage : an investigation of projection as character
International bibliography of theatre. 1996
American theatre
MOD 2001 99 : Music, opera, dance & drama in Asia, the Pacific and North America
Theory for performance studies : a student's guide
The senses in performance
Living is a horizontal fall
Documentation, disappearance and the representation of live performances
Arts du spectacle : patrimoine et documentation = Performing arts : national heritage and information
International bibliography of theatre.  1988-1989
Disappeariences : a performance of disappearance and absence
Children of freedom of speech : URB 02, 29.7.-11.8. / Heidi Kalmari
Marketing plan for a circus production : case company: Cie Nuua
The non-human and the inhuman in performing arts : bodies, organisms and objects in conflict : proceedings of Carpa4 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
Dance production : design and technology
The routledge dance studies reader
Dance magazine : Helsinki
Presence and resistance : postmodernism and cultural politics in contemporary American performance
PAYE : performing arts yearbook for Europe 2001
Professing performance : theatre in the academy from philology to performativity
Theory of performing arts
Mix : magazine of independent art & culture
Christof Migone : Sound voice perform
The Mask : a monthly journal of the art of the theatre / edited by Edward Gordon Craig
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
The science of acting
The marketing manual
A performance cosmology : testimony from the future, evidence of the past / [edited by] Judie Christie, Richard Gough, Daniel Watt
Who-what-artist? / Erkki Pirtola
Live physical theater performance recorded at the Murdoch University Theatre in August 1995.
The art of aids
Romeo & Juliet : in-schools touring production
Body, paper, stage : writing and performing autoethnography
African drama and performance
Colors of enchantment : theater, dance, music, and the visual arts of the Middle East
Theatres of thought : theatre, performance and philosophy
Crossing body shadow
Traditional performing arts through the mass media in India
Spin-Fold-Spill is a solo performance, installation and written thesis that  explores the Role-System, a system of roles that represents parts of a  personality. The performance and installation took place during May 2011. This written component articulates and documents the performance whilst  aiming to re-perform the live performance in a textual form. This body of  work fits within the fields of live art and performance studies.  Spin-Fold-Spill is about how to obscure autobiographical material through  the fiction of roles. It is about exploring monologue, about speaking  subjects, about telling ones own story and simultaneously playing with the  certainty of whose story it is/ was.  The body of the performance and this written component are structured in  twelve parts that are represented by twelve colour combinations. The  audience / reader can choose the order by selecting a colour order of their  choice.  Various overlapping themes are explored within Spin-Fold-Spill such as:  multiple persona in artistic practice, compartmentalisation, melancholia  and performativity, storytelling, and the function of the video camera in  developing a role's fictitious history.
The world of theatre : an account of the theatre seasons 1996-97, 1997-98 and 1998-99
The performance arts of Africa : a reader
Some texts and a performance story. All motivated by the author's interest in space, in this that surrounds, and that interest, in turn, originating from the author's earlier studies in cultural anthropology, in observing and experiencing the surrounding animate and inanimate world. The texts in this thesis are alternating between academic and creative writing. They are texts written on a specific site on Suomenlinna island in Helsinki,  Finland, as part of the performance ”Beyond the Wind in Front of Me / A Space Ship Journey” story or prologues to that, and the more academic ones supporting them or growing out of them, being accompanied also by the thoughts and practices of others. The main research questions and themes being How to perceive this that surrounds me? What is space, what does it consist of? Is it something that simply surrounds me? Am I a part of it or is it a part of me? How can a space be researched? How to activate a space?  What kind of mental images do spaces/places create/uncover/open up in us? How to animate/make alive those images? Body giving meaning to space via actions created by the body. Physical environment contra emotional,  imaginary, visionary one. Presence in a space/place. Physical and mental presence. Presence in memories.
The hands project
Collective consciousness : art performances in the seventies
Popular entertainment research : how to do it and how to use it
The impact of performance as research : proceedings of Carpa3 - colloquium on artistic research in performing arts
The Routledge Reader in Gender and Performance presents the most influential and widely-known, critical work on gender and performing arts, together with exciting and provocative new writings. It provides systematically arranged articles to guide the reader from topic to topic, and specially linked articles by scholars and teachers to explain key issues and put the extracts in context.
Sensualities/textualities and technologies : writings of the body in 21st century performance
Practice as research in the arts : principles, protocols, pedagogies, resistances
How to rehearse when there is no rehearsal : acting and media
Performing texts
Analysing performance : a critical reader
Live physical theater performance recorded at Nexus Theatre, Murdoch University, January 1997.
Booking performance tours : marketing and acquiring live arts and entertainment
Theatrical costume, masks, make-up and wigs : a bibliography and iconography
