http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28567 media companies
media companies
"Video gaming: it's a boy's world, right? That's what the industry wants us to think. Why and how we came to comply are what Carly A. Kocurek investigates in this provocative consideration of how an industry's craving for respectability hooked up with cultural narratives about technology, masculinity, and youth at the video arcade.From the dawn of the golden age of video games with the launch of Atari's Pong in 1972, through the industry-wide crash of 1983, to the recent nostalgia-bathed revival of the arcade, Coin-Operated Americans explores the development and implications of the "video gamer" as a cultural identity. This cultural-historical journey takes us to the Twin Galaxies arcade in Ottumwa, Iowa, for a close look at the origins of competitive gaming. It immerses us in video gaming's first moral panic, generated by Exidy's Death Race (1976), an unlicensed adaptation of the film Death Race 2000. And it ventures into the realm of video game films such as Tron and WarGames, in which gamers become brilliant, boyish heroes.Whether conducting a phenomenological tour of a classic arcade or evaluating attempts, then and now, to regulate or eradicate arcades and coin-op video games, Kocurek does more than document the rise and fall of a now-booming industry. Drawing on newspapers, interviews, oral history, films, and television, she examines the factors and incidents that contributed to the widespread view of video gaming as an enclave for young men and boys.A case study of this once emergent and now revived medium became the presumed enclave of boys and young men, Coin-Operated Americans is history that holds valuable lessons for contemporary culture as we struggle to address pervasive sexism in the domain of video games--and in the digital working world beyond. "--
The social network
Media giant aims high
Googled : the end of the world as we know it
Television is the new television : the unexpected triumph of old media in the digital age
Voices of the new Arab public : Iraq, Al-Jazeera, and Middle East politics today
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 3, Visions and implementations
Financial and strategic position of Nordic media companies
Social media is becoming rapidly more popular and is an easy option  for anyone to voice their opinions on any subject. The Internet provides a  simple and quick way to obtain information and compare products or  services, hence many people look to social media sites for information.  Organisations therefore need to know what is being said about them on  social media in order to improve their products and services. This  Bachelor's Thesis investigates customers' opinions of Finnair and British  Airways on social media sites, in order to understand which aspects of  their services are most criticised, and which most applauded, and to  contemplate whether the airlines could use these comments to improve  their operations. More specifically, the technical and functional qualities of  the airlines were taken into examination to discover customer opinions  about them. Finally, as price is an important factor for customers, who  naturally want to use their finances as efficiently as possible, this was also  taken into consideration. The research was carried out using content  analysis of material collected from social media sites concerning the two  airlines. The material studied consisted of conversations and reviews from  three different social media sites - TripAdvisor, Airline Quality and  Pallontallaajat, and was collected between the 13th and 22nd September  2010. The research found which issues concerning technical quality,  functional quality and price had received feedback, and investigated what  had been said about these issues. The general opinion and the tone of the  discussions was also analysed in order to gain an understanding of  customer opinions. The research showed that customers were largely  happy with both airlines, and most of the comments and reviews were  positive. The areas that are most criticised at Finnair were luggage  handling, seating, legroom and in-flight entertainment, and at British  Airways the aircraft and seating as well as striking. As negative reviews  leave a stronger impression on potential customers than positive reviews,  suggestions were made for both airlines based on the consumer  comments so that they could reduce the amount of negative reviews and  gain more satisfied customers.
Globalization : what is new; effective global strategies
Market expansion and business operation mode strategies of born internationals in the digital media field
Understanding Disney : the manufacture of fantasy
Below the line : producers and production studies in the new television economy
Media Events: A Critical Contemporary Approach proposes an interdisciplinary and multicultural approach of Dayan and Katz's theory of media events (1992) by applying it to contemporary situations. The contributing authors come from a range of countries (UK, USA, Mexico, Germany, Finland, Italy, Greece, Portugal, Ukraine) and analyse the theory of media events from different perspectives, incorporating social media and offering a re-positioning of Dayan and Katz's theory of media events. By bringing new perspectives into this field, the proposed volume is an important contribution as it grounds the intervention and rethinking of the theory into further empirical research. This volume has the potential to function as a 'cross-generational' link between one of the 'early classics' of media and communication studies on the one hand and the present generation of researchers on the other.
Foundations of marketing
iPod touch for dummies
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 2, Solutions and tools
Art and innovation : the Xerox PARC artist-in-residence program
Crafting of stock market identity and framing of strategic behaviour : longitudinal case analysis of Talentum Group
Inside the BBC and CNN : managing media organisations
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Digital media and innovation : management and design strategies in communication
Warp
Integrated approach to analysis of communication in issue arenas : building a balanced communication strategy portfolio - case Paperinkeräys Oy
Putin's kleptocracy : who owns Russia?
European television in the digital age : issues, dynamics and realities
Modern analysis of customer surveys : with applications using R
"Benedetta Brevini investigates the extent to which a Public Service Broadcasting (PSB) ethos has been extended to the online world in Europe. She examines the most significant policy initiatives carried out by PSBs in Europe on online platforms, and analyzes how the public service philosophy is being reinvented by policy makers (at both the national and European level), by PSB institutions and by their competitors. Brevini examines Denmark, France, Italy, Spain and the UK, where PSB has been the subject of landmark reforms that have changed its legal and policy frameworks. Concurrently, at the European level, the debate about the redefinition and expansion of PSB in the new media has been vigorous. As such, Brevini elaborates on and discusses a normative democratic framework for PSB online in Europe, named 'PSB 2.0'. She concludes by arguing that, if the online world is to be infused with the same public service ethos which characterizes traditional broadcasting, European policy makers and institutions need to understand that a reconfiguration of public service values and principles - in other words, PSB 2.0 - is becoming crucial"--
The digital assembly line
@NatGeo : the most popular Instagram photos
The raging question in the world today is who is the real Vladimir Putin and what are his intentions. Karen Dawisha's brilliant work provides an answer, describing how Putin got to power, the cabal he brought with him, the billions they have looted, and his plan to restore the Greater Russia.
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 1, Technologies and standardization
The role of Chinese TV media in popularising traditional culture in the case of lecture room
Dazzled by Disney? : the global Disney audiences project
Hatching Twitter : a true story of money, power, friendship and betrayal
Global communication : theories, stakeholders and trends
Transnational management : text, cases, and readings in cross-border management
Google speaks : secrets of the world's greatest billionaire entrepreneurs, Sergey Brin and Larry Page
Media events : a critical contemporary approach
Making virtual worlds : Linden Lab and Second Life
Proprietary Audience Development audit for an independent record label: case Top Billin Music
Media ownership and agenda control : the hidden limits of the information age
Reinventing public service communication : European broadcasters and beyond
Hatching Twitter : a true story of money, power, friendship, and betrayal
MITA : Mobile Internet technical architecture : solutions and tools
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
The music industry handbook
Finnair and British Airways on social media
Stealing time : Steve Case, Jerry Levin, and the collapse of AOL Time Warner
Global communication : theories, stakeholders, and trends
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
The business of media : corporate media and the public interest
Managing media firms and industries : what's so special about media management?
Exporting the public value test : the regulation of public broadcasters' new media services across Europe
Media studies : the essential introduction
Rethinking Disney : private control, public dimensions
Public service broadcasting online : a comparative European policy study of PSB 2.0
The Facebook effect : the inside story of the company that is connecting the world
European media in crisis: values, risks and policies
Nationalism in cross-border acquisitions : a media analysis of the Sanofi-Aventis case
The economics and financing of media companies
Film music, mood music and popular music research = Interviews, conversations, entretiens sur la musique de film, de sonorisation et sur la recherche dans la musique des mass-média
Coin-operated Americans : rebooting boyhood at the video game arcade
Connecting business people
