http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2858 honesty
honesty
The dish
Why leaders lie : the truth about lying in international politics
Ethics and integrity in public administration : concepts and cases
Faith in honesty : the essential nature of theology
Integrity in Finnish public administration : theoretical aspects and perceptions of citizens based on the Citizen Survey 2008
Towards a theory of true and false intentions
Private truths, public lies : the social consequences of preference falsification
Elizabeth Barber is crossing the Atlantic by liner with her perfectly adequate boyfriend, Derek, who might be planning to propose. In fleeing the UK - temporarily - Elizabeth may also be in flight from her past and the charismatic Arthur, once her partner in what she came to see as a series of crimes. Together they acted as fake mediums, perfecting the arcane skills practised by effective frauds. Elizabeth finally rejected what once seemed an intoxicating game. Arthur continued his search for the right way to do wrong. The pair still meet occasionally, for weekends of sexual oblivion, but their affection lacerates as much as it consoles. She hadn't, though, expected the other man on the boat...
"Thomas Carson offers the most comprehensive and up-to-date investigation of moral and conceptual questions about lying and deception. Part I addresses conceptual questions and offers definitions of lying, deception, and related concepts such as withholding information, 'keeping someone in the dark', and 'half truths'. Part II deals with questions in ethical theory. Carson argues that standard debates about lying and deception between act-utilitarians and their critics are inconclusive because they rest on appeals to disputed moral intuitions. He defends a version of the golden rule and a theory of moral reasoning. His theory implies that there is a moral presumption against lying and deception that causes harm - a presumption at least as strong as that endorsed by act-utilitarianism. He uses this theory to justify his claims about the issues he addresses in Part III: deception and withholding information in sales, deception in advertising, bluffing in negotiations, the duties of professionals to inform clients, lying and deception by leaders as a pretext for fighting wars, and lying and deception about history (with special attention to the Holocaust), and cases of distorting the historical record by telling half-truths. Carson concludes with a qualified defence of the view that honesty is a virtue."--BOOK JACKET.
How do I save my honor? : war, moral, integrity, and principled resignation
Game of thrones and philosophy : logic cuts deeper than swords
The politics of international election observation : the case of Zimbabwe in 2000.
A devil and her love song. volume 8
Meaningful work : rethinking professional ethics
The Tiger Woods syndrome  : why men prowl and how not to become the prey
"Trust is indispensable to our everyday lives, yet it can be dangerous. Without trusting others, we cannot function in society, or even stay alive for very long, but being overly trustful can leave us open to exploitation and abuse. And not only is trust pragmatic, but it also has a moral dimension: trustworthiness is a virtue, and well-placed trust benefits us all. In this Very Short Introduction, philosopher Katherine Hawley explores the key ideas about trust and distrust. Drawing on a wide range of disciplines, including philosophy, psychology, and evolutionary biology, she emphasizes the nature and importance of trusting and being trusted, from our intimate bonds with significant others to our relationship with the state. Considering questions such as "Why do we value trust?" and "Why do we want to be trusted rather than distrusted?" Hawley illuminates the importance of trust in the personal and public spheres. Moreover, she draws on a range of research to show how trust stands at the center of many disciplines, including biology, psychology, and game theory. The book also examines the evolutionary aspects of trust."--Provided by publisher.
Swindled : from poison sweets to counterfeit coffee : the dark history of the food cheats
Public good or private good? : the paradox of public and private ethics in the context of developing countries
Telling lies : clues to deceit in the marketplace, politics, and marriage
The blue book
On building, defending, and regulating the self : a psychological perspective
Lying and deception in human interaction
How will you measure your life?
On the edge of truth and honesty : principles and strategies of Fraud and deceit in the early modern period
A devil and her love song. volume 10
Fog of falsehood : Russian strategy of deception and the conflict in Ukraine
Public integrity
Can you keep a secret?
Fraud risk management : a practical guide for accountants
The truth according to Arthur
Flash boys : a Wall Street revolt
Deceit, delusion, and detection
The rhetoric of sincerity
Integrity, risk and accountability in capital markets : regulating culture
Integrity and the fragile self
Lies we live by : defeating double-talk and deception in advertising, politics and the media
The principle of fairness and political obligation
Understanding business ethics
The Blue Book
Children's interpersonal trust : sensitivity to lying, deception, and promise violations
Corporate integrity & accountability
The whopper
Oliver Twist, or, The parish boy's progress
A devil and her love song. volume 3
Sincerity : how a moral ideal born five hundred years ago inspired religious wars, modern art, hipster chic, and the curious notion that we all have something to say (no matter how dull)
The strange last voyage of Donald Crowhurst
A devil and her love song. volume 9
The open-source everything manifesto : transparency, truth, and trust
Oliver Twist
The course given by Michel Foucault from February to March 1984, under the title 'The Courage of Truth', was his last at the Collège de France. His death shortly after, on June 25th, tempts us to detect a philosophical testament in these lectures, especially in view of the prominence they give to the theme of death, notably through a reinterpretation of Socrates' last words--'Crito, we owe a cock to Asclepius'--which, with Georges Dumézil, Foucault understands as the expression of a profound gratitude towards philosophy for its cure of the only serious illness: that of false opinions and prejudices. These lectures continue and radicalize the analyses of those of the previous year. Foucault's 1983 lectures investigated the function of 'truth telling' in politics in order to establish courage and conviction as ethical conditions for democracy irreducible to the formal rules of consensus. With the Cynics, this manifestation of the truth no longer appears simply as a risky speaking out, but in the very substance of existence. In fact, Foucault offers an incisive study of ancient Cynicism as practical philsophy, athleticism of the truth, public provocation, and ascetic sovereignty. The scandal of the true life is constructed in oppositon to Platonism and its world of transcendent intelligible forms.
Lying and deception : theory and practice
Reputation capital : building and maintaining trust in the 21st century / Joachim Klewes, Robert Wreschniok, editors
The importance of value honest : determining factors and some hints to ethics
"Written by a former CIA covert ops and intelligence expert, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto provides a roadmap for empowering the public to return to an informed, engaged democracy of, by, and for the people"--Provided by publisher.
The confidence game : the psychology of the con and why we fall for it every time
Public ethics and governance : standards and practices in comparative perspective
"Some philosophers argue that false speech and false belief are impossible. In the Sophist, Plato addresses this 'falsehood paradox', which purports to prove that one can neither say nor believe falsehoods (because to say or believe a falsehood is to say or believe something that is not, and is therefore not there to be said or believed). In this book Paolo Crivelli closely examines the whole dialogue and shows how Plato's brilliant solution to the paradox is radically different from those put forward by modern philosophers. He surveys and critically discusses the vast range of literature which has developed around the Sophist over the past fifty years, and provides original solutions to several problems that are so far unsolved. His book will be important for all who are interested in the Sophist and in ancient ontology and philosophy of language more generally"--
The Lomborg deception : setting the record straight about global warming
Studies in symbolic interaction
Fair play : Ethics in sport and education
Extreme trust : honesty as a competitive advantage
Cheating in school : what we know and what we can do
A devil and her love song. volume 2
Finders keepers for Franklin
A devil and her love song. volume 5
Bullshit and philosophy : guaranteed to get perfect results every time
Radical honesty : how to transform your life by telling the truth
The courage of the truth (the government of self and others II) : lectures at the Collège de France, 1983-1984
Misleading cases
Betrayers of the truth
Politics and morality
It wasn't me : learning about honesty
Telling the truth
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
A devil and her love song. volume 7
The (honest) truth about dishonesty : how we lie to everyone - especially ourselves
Wheelmen : Lance Armstrong, the Tour de France, and the greatest sports conspiracy ever
Swedish summary.
After greenwashing : symbolic corporate environmentalism and society
A devil and her love song. volume 4
The teacher's integrity
Deception in the marketplace : the psychology of deceptive persuasion and consumer self-protection
Love and lies : and why you can't have one without the other
Liars and outliers : enabling the trust that society needs to thrive
Integrity and conscience
Truth & truthfulness : an essay in genealogy
Trust : a very short introduction
Deceit and self-deception : fooling yourself the better to fool others
Web of deceit : misinformation and manipulation in the age of social media
It's all mine!, or, Little Raven's mischief
Getting real
Plato's account of falsehood : a study of the Sophist
True enough : learning to live in a post-fact society
A devil and her love song. volume 1
Perceived social acceptability of deception as a function of culture, motive and relationship : a cross-cultural study of majority speech communities in Finland, China and the United States
Deception in selection : interviewees and the psychology of deceit
A devil and her love song. volume 6
Glitter girls and the great fake out
Speech culture in Finland
White lies or relative truth? : cultural considerations of the Finnish concept of honesty and intercultural learning
