http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28599 Ugaritic language
Ugaritic language
Epistolary texts from Ugarit : structural and lexical correspondences in Episteles in Akkadian and Ugaritic
Ugaritic narrative poetry
Baal : a study of texts in connexion with Baal in the Ugaritic epics
Abstract in english.
Ugaritic manual, newly revised grammar, texts in transliteration cuneiform selections, paradigms - glossary - indices
The invention of Hebrew
Ugaritic economic tablets : text, translation and notes
Concordance of Ugaritic
The royal deeds of Ugarit : a study of ancient Near Eastern diplomatics
Ugaritic literature : a comprehensive translation of the poetic and prose texts
Word-list of the cuneiform alphabetic texts from Ugarit, Ras Ibn Hani and other places : (KTU: second, enlarged edition)
An introduction to Ugaritic
A basic grammar of the Ugaritic language : with selected texts and glossary
An Introduction to Ugaritic is a deductive style Ugaritic grammar first written 25 years ago. Now updated, it is designed for students with familiarity with biblical Hebrew, and draws examples for the pedagogy of that language to instruct students in Ugaritic. The plan of this text is simple: the grammar is presented in detail followed by short exercises that reinforce main points and introduce vocabulary. Sample texts are included following the text's lessons, and they noted for genre, glosses are given, and explanatory notes included.
Comparative studies in Biblical and Ugaritic languages and literatures
Beyond Babel : a handbook for biblical Hebrew and related languages
Ugaritic grammar : the present status of the linguistic study of the Semitic alphabetic texts from ras shamra
"The Invention of Hebrew" is the first book to approach the Bible in light of recent findings on the use of the Hebrew alphabet as a deliberate and meaningful choice. Seth L. Sanders connects the Bible's distinctive linguistic form - writing down a local spoken language - to a cultural desire to speak directly to people, summoning them to join a new community that the text itself helped call into being. Addressing the people of Israel through a vernacular literature, Hebrew texts gained the ability to address their audience as a public. By comparing Biblical documents with related ancient texts in Hebrew, Ugaritic, and Babylonian, this book details distinct ways in which Hebrew was a powerfully self-conscious political language. Revealing the enduring political stakes of Biblical writing, "The Invention of Hebrew" demonstrates how Hebrew assumed and promoted a source of power previously unknown in written literature: 'the people' as the protagonist of religion and politics. -- Review: "An absolutely innovative way of reading the use of ancient Hebrew for generating political identity and for understanding the Hebrew Bible itself. It is refreshing to see such profound insight and analyses come out of material that has otherwise not received substantial recognition of its cultural and political importance." Mark S. Smith, author of God in Translation: Deities in Cross-Cultural Discourse in the Biblical World "S. Brings anthropology and epigraphy together in an original and stimulating way, seeking to discern the roots of biblical texts by exploring the contexts and development of writing in the Levant during the Bronze and Iron Ages...This wide-ranging, extensively annotated book deserves careful study and offers much of value to OT scholars." A. R. Millard Journal for the Study of the Old Testament
The Ugaritic hippiatric texts : a critical edition
The Ugaritic poem of AQHT : text, translation, commentary
Ritual in narrative : the dynamics of feasting, mourning, and retaliation rites in the Ugaritic tale of Aqhat
A grammar of the Ugaritic language
The legacy of Canaan : the Ras Shamra texts and their relevance to the Old Testament
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
Hebrew-Ugaritic index to the writings of Mitchell J. Dahood : a bibliography with indices of scriptural passages, Hebrew and Ugaritic words and grammatical observations
Ugaritic Economic Tablets: Text, Translation and Notes provides new translations of more than 800 Late Bronze Age economic texts written in the alphabetic script of the Syrian city of Ugarit. Each translation is accompanied by transliteration as well as commentary, textual notes and up-to-date bibliography. The texts are grouped according to findspot and indexed by both publication numbers and excavation numbers allowing for easy reference. An extended introduction discusses some of the grammatical and historical problems with interpreting these texts. Produced as a companion volume to McGeough's Exchange Relationships at Ugarit and edited by Mark S. Smith, this volume will be of use to Ugaritic specialists, Near Eastern studies and Biblical scholars, historians of ancient economics, and students new to Ugaritic studies or economic history/anthropology.
The perfumes of seven tamarisks : studies in honour of Wilfred G.E. Watson
A manual of Ugaritic
Ugaritic vocabulary in syllabic transcription
Drought, death and the sun in Ugarit and ancient Israel : a philological and comparative study
Ugaritic handbook : revised grammar, paradigms, texts in transliteration, comprehensive glossary
A dictionary of the Ugaritic language in the alphabetic tradition
A comparative lexicon of Ugaritic and Canaanite
