http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28557 anthropology of art
anthropology of art
Anthropology and art practice
Contemporary art and anthropology
Communication and social order
The traffic in culture : refiguring art and anthropology
The affecting presence : an essay in humanistic anthropology
Proposes an anthropological theory for interpreting human picture making. This title looks at the relationship between image and death, tracing picture production, including the first use of the mask, to early funerary rituals in which pictures served to represent the missing bodies of the dead.
Art and life in Bangladesh
Introduction to aesthetic anthropology
Presence : the inherence of the prototype within images and other objects
The Yoruba artist : new theoretical perspectives on African arts
Wellspring : on the myth and source of culture
Design anthropology : theory and practice
Between art and anthropology : contemporary ethnographic practice
Structural anthropology. [1]
Two journeys : a companion to the Giinaquq : like a face exhibition
Wrapping in images : tattooing in Polynesia
World art : an introduction to the art in artefacts
Perceiving rock art : social and political perspectives
Beyond boundaries : New Yorkś new art
The life of a Balinese temple : artistry, imagination, and history in a peasant village
Contesting art : art, politics and identity in the modern world
Main trends of research in the social and human sciences. Part 2, vol. 2, Legal science, philosophy
People of eight seasons : the history of the Lapps
"In recent decades, the dialogue between art and anthropology has been both intense and controversial. Art, Anthropology and the Gift provides a much-needed and comprehensive overview of this dialogue, whilst also exploring the reciprocal nature of the two subjects through practice, theory and politics. Fully engaging with anthropology and art theory, this book innovatively argues that art and anthropology don't just share methodologies, but also deeper intellectual, theoretical and even political concerns, inviting scholars and students alike to look at this contentious relationship in a more critical light. One of the central arguments of the book is that the problem of the 'gift' has been central to both anthropological and artistic practice. This very idea connects the different chapters on topics including aesthetics, politics, participation and fieldwork"--
Structural anthropology
Aboriginal art
Contemporary art and anthropology / edited by Arnd Schneider and Christopher Wright
African art in transit
Comprehensive introduction to the anthropology of the arts, this is the first textbook to go beyond visual art to cover the arts more broadly. Drawing together media such as painting, sound, performance, video, and film, it presents a clear overview of the cross-cultural human experience of art.
Anthropology of the arts : a reader
One of the most influential anthropological works of the last two decades, Alfred Gell's Art and Agency, is a provocative and ambitious work that both challenged and reshaped anthropological understandings of art, agency, creativity and the social. It has become a touchstone in contemporary artifact-based scholarship.
Local knowledge : further essays in interpretive anthropology
What is art for?
Art, anthropology and the gift
Anthropology, art and aesthetics
Design is a key site of cultural production and change in contemporary society. Anthropologists have been involved in design projects for several decades but only recently a new field of inquiry has emerged which aims to integrate the strengths of design thinking and anthropological research. This book is written by anthropologists who actively participate in the development of design anthropology. Comprising both cutting-edge explorations and theoretical reflections, it provides a much-needed introduction to the concepts, methods, practices and challenges of the new field. Design Anthropology moves from observation and interpretation to collaboration, intervention and co-creation. Its practitioners participate in multidisciplinary design teams working towards concrete solutions for problems that are sometimes ill-defined. The authors address the critical potential of design anthropology in a wide range of design activities across the globe and query the impact of design on the discipline of anthropology. This volume will appeal to new and experienced practitioners in the field as well as to students of anthropology, innovation, science and technology studies, and a wide range of design studies focusing on user participation, innovation, and collaborative research.
Art's agency and art history
Made to be seen : perspectives on the history of visual anthropology
Goddess : mother of living nature
Astonishment and evocation : the spell of culture in art and anthropology
Redrawing anthropology : materials, movements, lines
Art and agency : an anthropological theory
"Between Art and Anthropology provides new and challenging arguments for considering contemporary art and anthropology in terms of fieldwork practice. Artists and anthropologists share a set of common practices that raise similar ethical issues, which the authors explore in depth for the first time. The book presents a strong argument for encouraging artists and anthropologists to learn directly from each other's practices 'in the field'. It goes beyond the so-called 'ethnographic turn' of much contemporary art and the 'crisis of representation' in anthropology, in productively exploring the implications of the new anthropology of the senses, and ethical issues, for future art-anthropology collaborations. The contributors to this exciting volume consider the work of artists such as Joseph Beuys, Suzanne Lacy, Marcus Coates, Cameron Jamie, and Mohini Chandra. With cutting-edge essays from a range of key thinkers such as acclaimed art critic Lucy R. Lippard, and distinguished anthropologists George E. Marcus and Steve Feld, Between Art and Anthropology will be essential reading for students, artists and scholars across a number of fields"--
Masks : their meaning and function
Taiyao ni somaru mon'yao : Paresuchina no minzoku ishao = Costumes dyed by the sun : Palestinian national costumes
Fifty years of Arctic research : anthropological studies from Greenland to Siberia
The colonial transformation of woodcarving in Bellona and Gotokae in the Solomon Islands
"Anthropology and Art Practice takes an innovative look at new experimental work informed by the newly-reconfigured relationship between the arts and anthropology. This practice-based and visual work can be characterised as 'art-ethnography'. In engaging with the concerns of both fields, this cutting-edge study tackles current issues such as the role of the artist in collaborative work, and the political uses of documentary. The book focuses on key works from artists and anthropologists that engage with 'art-ethnography' and investigates the processes and strategies behind their creation and exhibition.The book highlights the work of a new generation of practitioners in this hybrid field, such as Anthony Luvera, Kathryn Ramey, Brad Butler and Karen Mizra, Kate Hennessy and Jennifer Deger, who work in a diverse range of media - including film, photography, sound and performance. Anthropology and Art Practice suggests a series of radical challenges to assumptions made on both sides of the art/anthropology divide and is intended to inspire further dialogue and provide essential reading for a wide range of students and practitioners"--
Light at the edge of the world : a journey through the realm of vanishing cultures
An Anthropology of Images : Picture, Medium, Body
Art as culture : an introduction to the anthropology of art
Routledge companion to contemporary anthropology
Foreign bodies : performance, art, and symbolic anthropology
Making : anthropology, archaeology, art and architecture
Seminar report : experimenting the visual in art and anthropology : the ethics of research and collaborations NTNU 29th-30th October 2008.
Gathering under the mango tree : values in traditional culture in Africa
Essays on the verbal and visual arts : proceedings of the 1966 annual spring meeting of the American Ethnological Society
Allegra lab : anthropology, law, art, world
"In recent decades, the dialogue between art and anthropology has been both intense and controversial. Art, Anthropology and the Gift provides a much-needed and comprehensive overview of this dialogue, whilst also exploring the reciprocal nature of the two subjects through practice, theory and politics. Fully engaging with anthropology and art theory, Art, Anthropology and the Gift innovatively argues that art and anthropology don't just share methodologies, but also deeper intellectual, theoretical and even political concerns, inviting scholars and students alike to look at this contentious relationship in a more critical light. One of the central arguments of the book is that the problem of the 'gift' has been central to both anthropological and artistic practice. This very idea connects the different chapters on topics including aesthetics, politics, participation and fieldwork. Each chapter is organized around an introductory case study or example, from which the author draws his theoretical discussion. Accessibly written, this is key reading for scholars and students in both fields"--
Observational cinema : anthropology, film, and the exploration of social life
Footprints in stone : the significance of foot and hand prints and other imprints left by early men, giants, heroes, devils, saints, animals, ghosts, witches, fairies and monsters
Tattoo : bodies, art and exchange in the Pacific and the West
The performance studies reader
Arguing about art : contemporary philosophical debates
Beyond war : the human potential for peace
Beyond aesthetics : art and the technologies of enchantment
Developments in Polynesian ethnology
The death of authentic primitive art and other tales of progress
What is posthumanism?
Ancestral connections : art and an aboriginal system of knowledge
Aboriginal voices : Amerindian, Inuit, and Sami theater
The material culture reader
People of the tropical rain forest
Meaning-making in visual culture : the case of integrating Ganda indigenous knowledge with contemporary art practice in Uganda
Zulu life as drawn by the Zulu artist Jabulani Ntuli
The art of anthropology : essays and diagrams
Art and society in Africa
A companion to Hungarian studies
Distributed objects : meaning and mattering after Alfred Gell
The ends of performance
The goddess and the moon man : the sacred art of the tiwi aborogines
Symbolism, the sacred, and the arts
Science and religious anthropology : a spiritually evocative naturalist interpretation of human life
Believing and seeing : symbolic meanings in southern San rock paintings
Anthropologies of art
Southwest native American arts and material culture : a guide to research. Volume 1, A-N
Art for social change and cultural awakening : an anthropology of residence in Taiwan
Beyond appearances? : visual practices and ideologies in modern India
Theoretical perspectives in rock art research
National geographic fashion
Elements of culture : an applied perspective
The red fez : art and spirit possession in Africa
Homo aestheticus : where art comes from and why
Yena : art and ceremony in a Sepik society
The anthropology of art : a reader
Imagery & creativity : ethnoaesthetics and art worlds in the Americas
Anthropology of the performing arts : artistry, virtuosity, and interpretation in a cross-cultural perspective
Calliope's sisters : a comparative study of philosophies of art
Tree leaf talk : a Heideggerian anthropology
The collected works of Edward Burnett Tylor. Vol. 5, Anthropology : an introduction to the study of man and civilization
Confronting world art
