http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2856 boundaries
boundaries borders
'Two cultures' in the study of religion? A response to Håkan Rydving
Grazing history affects the tree-line ecotone: a case study from Hardanger, Western Norway
The grand strategy of the Russian Empire, 1650-1831
In this article we introduce the on-going (2012-2014) international collaborative project Families on the Move Across Borders: Children's Perspectives on Labour Migration in Europe. First, we present the project and its aims; then, we briefly discuss the current state of migration research on families and children in order to explain how our research can contribute to a fuller inclusion of children in social analysis, not only by challenging the theoretical debates, but also through our empirically rich study. We aim to contribute to the advancement of methodology in childhood and migration studies by studying migration experiences from the child's perspective.
Smugglers, secessionists & loyal citizens on the Ghana-Toga frontier : the life of the borderlands since 1914
Crossing frontiers, resisting identities
Various types of boundaries crisscross the Finnish territory. Aside the politicoadministrative boundaries of the Finnish state, there are technical-logistical barriers and cultural, socio-spatial, and economic divisions. The main tendency has, however, been the increasing contingency in relation to their location and stability. Some of these boundaries may overlap and therefore strengthen each other, others can hardly be mapped due to their fuzziness. This article provides an introduction to the recent changes of the boundaries of Finland.
Victim without a face
In spite of secularist predictions, religion on a global scale has not gone away and shows little sign of dimnishing. Within the context of the renewal of interest in religion and the assertion of religion in the public realm, I seek in this article to explore the ways in which the self has been (and continues to be) formed in religious traditions. Drawing on substantive examples from my work on textual traditions in India and Europe, the article argues that 'religious reading' is central to the formation of religious traditions and the formation of the religious person, and that this has an impact upon discourse in the public realm. The process of religious reading itself occurs in a borderland between text and world and between self and world. Through 'religious reading', or more precisely textual reception, we can understand the ways in which forms of inwardness are constructed in tradition-specific ways and such inwardness too has an impact on public discourse. I therefore attempt to examine three traditional borderlands - between inwardness and externality, between text and world, and between private religion and public governance - in the light of religious reading.
Tivistelmä (abstract in Finnish)
Border-crossings : narrative and demarcation in postcolonial literatures and media
What determines the timberline?
"This book explores and maps the relationship between borders, security and global governance. Theoretically, the book seeks to establish to what degree, and in what ways, traditional notions of borders, security and (global) governance are being eroded, undermined and contested in the context of a globalizing world. Borders are increasingly being re-conceptualized to account for connectivity as well as divisions at the same time as focus is shifting from permanence to permeability. The ambivalence ascribed to bordering processes is at heart a security concern; borders are not only entwined with state formation but also attempts at governing securities, identities and histories. Proceeding from a critical rendering of statist conceptualizations of borders, security and governance, the book not only emphasizes the politics of borders, mobility and re-locations, but also provides a shared groundwork for interrogating the spatial conditions for bordering and border work as manifestations of a continuously deferred becoming rather than being. A principal contribution of the volume is its scrutiny of how borders are enacted and perceived in and through the everyday, and of how such production and construal can make sense as acts of resistance to various forms of governing. Such a focus reveals the necessity of investigating how governing from a distance affects the possibilities and tendencies to securitize as well as desecuritize, within as well as beyond elite settings. This book will be of much interest to students of border studies, human geography, governmentality, global governance and IR/critical security studies"--
Peopling the Russian periphery : borderland colonization in Eurasian history
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
Integrating local, regional, and national perspectives, this volume employs multiple historical and social frameworks to analyse the division of Germany and the development of the Iron Curtain during the Cold War. Schaefer explains how and why the border evolved and how it impacted regional and national culture, identity, and sense of community.
L' Europe, quelles frontières? = What borders for Europe?
Border and territorial disputes of the world
Positioning in wireless networks : non-cooperative and cooperative algorithms
Frontier encounters : knowledge and practice at the Russian, Chinese and Mongolian border
The Roman Empire was the largest and most enduring of the ancient world. From its zenith under Augustus and Trajan in the first century AD to its decline and fall amidst the barbarian invasions of the fifth century, the Empire guarded and maintained a frontier that stretched for 5,000 kilometres, from Carlisle to Cologne, from Augsburg to Antioch, and from Aswan to the Atlantic. Far from being at the periphery of the Roman world, the frontier played a crucial role in making and breaking emperors, creating vibrant and astonishingly diverse societies along its course which pulsed with energy while the centre became enfeebled and sluggish. This remarkable new book traces the course of those frontiers, visiting all its astonishing sites, from Hadrian's Wall in the north of Britain to the desert cities of Palmyra and Leptis Magna. It tells the fascinating stories of the men and women who lived and fought along it, from Alaric the Goth, who descended from the Danube to sack Rome in 410, to Zenobia the desert queen, who almost snatched the entire eastern provinces from Rome in the third century. It is at their edges, in time and geographical extent, that societies reveal their true nature, constantly seeking to recreate and renew themselves. In this examination of the places that the mighty Roman Empire stopped expanding, Philip Parker reveals how and why the Empire endured for so long, as well as describing the rich and complex architectural and cultural legacy which it has bequeathed to us.
In the article the issue of sacrality is explored from the points of view of cultural anthropology and cognitive science of religion. Culture-specific contents of meaning bestowed on the notion of "sacred" are not approached as religious representations in which some theologically defined agent, metaphysical entity or otherworldly level of existence is believed to manifest itself to human beings. Instead, various attributions of sacrality are explored as representations of the general mental capacity of human beings to set apart places and sites in specific locations and points of terrain in local topography in order to mark ritual spaces and establish rules of conduct for their maintenance as well as for specific social valus and categorizations on which the inviolability of behavioral norms is based.
The power of no : take back your life with a two-letter word
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
State of the terrestrial environment in the joint Finnish, Norwegian and Russian border area on the basis of bioindicators : final technical report of the Pasvik Environment Monitoring Programme
Walls : travels along the barricades
Bordering, re-bordering and new possibilities in education and society
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Limit state design for strengthening foundations of historic buildings using pretested drilled spiral piles with special reference to St. John’s Church in Tartu
Cities, borders, and spaces in intercultural American literature and film
Thinning response and growth trends of seeded Scots pine stands at the arctic timberline
Borders : of boundaries, transitions and transgressions : a response to Gavin Flood
Clash of histories in the South Caucasus : redrawing the map of Azerbaijan, Armenia and Iran
Inside, outside and the space in-between : territories and boundaries in the study of religion
Environmental factors controlling the position of the actual timberline and treeline on the fells of Finnish Lapland
A line in the sea : the Qatar v. Bahrain border dispute in the World Court
Roman frontier studies 1979 : papers presented to the 12th International Congress of Roman Frontier Studies
Frontiers : territory and state formation in the modern world
Namibia's red line : the history of a veterinary and settlement border
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
Borderities and the politics of contemporary mobile borders
Imperial rivals : China, Russia, and their disputed frontier
Interpersonal boundary regulation in the context of social network services
Heaven is beautiful : how dying taught me that death is just the beginning
"China and Russia are rising economic and political powers that share thousands of miles of border. Yet, despite their proximity, their practical, local interactions with each other -- and with their third neighbour Mongolia -- are rarely discussed. The three countries share a boundary, but their traditions, languages and worldviews are remarkably different. Frontier Encounters presents a wide range of views on how the borders between these unique countries are enacted, produced, and crossed. It sheds light on global uncertainties: China's search for energy resources and the employment of its huge population, Russia's fear of Chinese migration, and the precarious economic independence of Mongolia as its neighbours negotiate to extract its plentiful resources. Bringing together anthropologists, sociologists and economists, this timely collection of essays offers new perspectives on an area that is currently of enormous economic, strategic and geo-political relevance. This collective volume is the outcome of a network project funded by the ESRC (RES-075-25_0022) entitled 'Where Empires Meet: The Border Economies of Russia, China and Mongolia'. The project, based at the Mongolia and Inner Asia Studies Unit (University of Cambridge), ran from 28 January 2010 to 27 January 2011."--Provided by publisher.
Self-determination and borders : the obligation to show consideration for the interests of others
This study examines the impact of selected environmental variables on the position of the limit of continuous forest (actual timberline) on three fells situated in central Finnish Lapland, namely Aakenustunturi, Yllästunturi and Pyhätunturi. The factors studied are elevation, topography and snow load damage to coniferous trees. The potential for ascending timberlines in the region is discussed. The limit of continuous forest in the study area is hardly ever composed of a single species but rather features alternating occurrences of spruce, pine and mountain birch. The average altitudinal position of the actual timberline is highest on the southern and western slopes (366-428 m a.s.l.), while the lowest altitudes are recorded on the northern and eastern slopes (336-403 m a.s.l.). Prevalence of block fields and slope gradient are the most significant and visible factors controlling the position of the actual timberline. On the studied fells, from 10% to more than 50% of the total length of the actual timberline is controlled by block fields. The lowest occurrence of the limit of continuous forest, at 270 m a.s.l., results from an extremely high proportion of block fields and steep slopes. Snow patches and delayed snow melting also hamper the upward advancement of the forest. Continuous forest reaches its highest altitudes at 440 m a.s.l. on slopes with gentle inclination and land cover other than block fields, and 460 m a.s.l. in sheltered furrows. Average snow load damage to spruce and pine at the actual timberline varies in the ranges 15-58% and 30-76%, respectively. Snow load damages on trees undoubtedly impede the advance of the actual timberline to higher elevation in all exposures. Seedling density (number/ha) on south-facing slopes near the actual timberline is ca. 5 times greater than on the north-facing slopes. Recent regeneration and seedling establishment is almost absent at the treeline near the fell tops. Results suggest that there is potential for actual timberline advance on south-facing slopes with gentle inclination and missing block fields. It is uncertain, however, whether natural regeneration will take place on felltops with few or no trees.
De-bordering, re-bordering and symbols on the European boundaries
Angel detox : taking your life to a higher level through releasing emotional, physical, and energetic toxins
The moving borders of art / Anna Daneri and Serena Giordano
Border conflicts in the contemporary world
Environmental monitoring programme for aquatic ecosystems in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian border area : updated implementation guidelines
Identity politics : histories, regions and borderlands
Locarno revisited : European diplomacy, 1920-1929
Brothers at arms or in arms? : the contemporary geopolitical discourse on the future of the Ukrainian-Russian border
China's boundary treaties and frontier disputes
Creating the American West : boundaries and borderlands
External border management as an instrument of migration control
Central European Hercynian mountain ranges - Krkono&scaron;e Mts., Hrub&yacute; Jesen&iacute;k Mts. and Vosges, Schwarzwald, Harz - represent the only islands of alpine forest-free area between the Alps and Western Carpathians in the south and the Scandes in the north. Based on data from previously published pollen profiles and on newly taken cores, comparison of the development of the alpine timberline position is presented. The Labsk&yacute; dul profile in the Krkono&scaron;e Mts. spans the whole Holocene, the Keprn&iacute;k profile in the Hrub&yacute; Jesen&iacute;k Mts. brings information from ca 2500 BP to the present. The exceptional position of the Krkono&scaron;e Mts. in terms of permanent presence of alpine forest-free area throughout the Holocene was confirmed. In other mountain ranges, the alpine forest-free areas probably vanished or were restricted only to the exposed peaks during the periods of positive temperature anomalies in the Middle Holocene. Later in the period 4000-500 BP, forest free areas reappeared, although the relative contribution of climatic and anthropogenic causes to their formation remains unclear. Taking into account the supposed extent of temperature oscillations in the Middle and Late Holocene and the existing pollen records the authors assume that the alpine timberline in the Hercynian mid-mountains of Central Europe varied only slightly.
China's frontier regions : ethnicity, economic integration and foreign relations
Polska-niemzy : pogranicze kultorowe i etniczne = Poland-Germany : cultural and ethnic border
Security, risk and the biometric state : governing borders and bodies
Holocene timberline fluctuations in the mid-mountains of Central Europe
Tradition barriers and adaptation of tradition
The geopolitics of Israel's border question
After the ice : life, death, and geopolitics in the new Arctic
Triple border regions in Central Europe : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
Does slope exposure affect frost ring formation in Picea obovata growing at treeline in the Southern Urals?
Do the Romans have anything to teach us about the way that they saw the world, and the way they ran their empire? How did they deal with questions of frontiers and migration, so often in the news today? This collection of ten important essays by C. R. Whittaker, engages with debates and controversies about the Roman frontiers and the concept of empire. Truly global in its focus, the book examines the social, political and cultural implications of the Roman frontiers in Africa, India, Britain, Europe, Asia and the Far East, and provides a comprehensive account of their significance.
The Northern Territories dispute and Russo-Japanese relations. Volume 2, Neither war nor peace, 1985-1998
Ideas on territorial revision in Hungary, 1920-1945
Quantifying changes of the coniferous forest line in Finnish Lapland during 1983-2009
No ordinary love story
Borders and border regions in Europe and North America
Beyond the sea : reviewing the manifold dimensions of water as barrier and bridge
Transgressing boundaries : new directions in the study of culture in Africa
Spatial distribution of dead wood and the occurrence of five saproxylic fungi in old-growth timberline spruce forests in northern Finland
The settlement of the Canadian-American disputes
Between school and working life: Vocational teachers  agency in boundary-crossing settings
The black book : Woodrow Wilson's secret plan for peace
The encyclopedia of international boundaries
A review of Taraxacum (Asteraceae) in eastern Finland (Ladoga Karelia and North Karelia)
The Norwegian-Swedish border 1742-45
Border politics : social movements, collective identities, and globalization
Zones of fracture in modern Europe : the Baltic countries, the Balkans, and northern Italy = Zone di frattura in epoca moderna : Il Baltico, i Balcani e l'Italia settentrionale
Regeneration of trees in the treeline ecotone : northern Finnish Lapland
Borders : a very short introduction
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
Borderlands and frontiers in Africa
Handbook on European law relating to asylum, borders and immigration
Throughout history, human societies have been organized preeminently as territories-- politically bounded regions whose borders define the jurisdiction of laws and the movement of peoples. At a time when the technologies of globalization are eroding barriers to communication, transportation, and trade, Once Within Borders explores the fitful evolution of territorial organization as a worldwide practice of human societies. Master historian Charles S. Maier tracks the epochal changes that have defined territories over five centuries and draws attention to ideas and technologies that contribute to territoriality's remarkable resilience. Territorial boundaries transform geography into history by providing a framework for organizing political and economic life. But properties of territory--their meanings and applications--have changed considerably across space and time. In the West, modern territoriality developed in tandem with ideas of sovereignty in the seventeenth century. Sovereign rulers took steps to fortify their borders, map and privatize the land, and centralize their sway over the populations and resources within their domain. The arrival of railroads and the telegraph enabled territorial expansion at home and abroad as well as the extension of control over large spaces. By the late nineteenth century, the extent of a nation's territory had become an index of its power, with overseas colonial possessions augmenting prestige and wealth and redefining territoriality. Turning to the geopolitical crises of the twentieth century, Maier pays close attention to our present moment, asking in what ways modern nations and economies still live within borders and to what degree our societies have moved toward a post-territorial world.--
Topographic complexity in mountainous ecosystems strongly influences plant growth and as such also wood formation. This wood formation can possibly be used to understand topographic variation of the main climatic drivers, e.g. by modulating frost events. Here we test the influence of different slope exposures on the spatio-temporal distribution of frost rings in Siberian spruce (Picea obovata Ledeb.) in the Southern Urals, Russia. We sampled on two opposite slopes, northeast (NE) and southwest (SW), on three elevation levels from the highest single trees to closed canopy forest and analysed frost ring occurrence and their seasonal timing. Frost ring formation at all exposure-elevation combinations was common and mainly concentrated in the early part of the growing season. The age until trees record frost rings was equally similar (until about 35 years) on both slopes and different elevational levels with the exception of the climatically harshest site, the highest elevation on the NE slope. While we could not deduce a direct, easily identifiable climatic driver for the formation of frost rings, our analysis shows high potential to disentangle the complex interplay between climate, site condition and tree growth in mountainous ecosystems..
Growth limitation of trees and carbon balance of the vegetation in the treeline zone in north eastern Lapland
Cross-border co-operation on the European Union and Russian federation border
Settled and remaining border issues around the Baltic see
Boundaries, territory and postmodernity
The creation of borders : territoriality at the edge
Impossibility : the limits of science and the science of limits
Cross-border Cooperation in Barents Tourism: Insights from Finnish Lapland
Reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia (Russia)
Anatomy of the spirit : the seven stages of power and healing
"European integration has in many ways been an important attempt to institute a form of political organization that moves beyond the state. For many of the early proponents of European integration, the nation state had become associated with militarism, jingoism and the many devastating wars on the European continent. Drawing on post-structuralist theoretical advances, this book compares practices of European integration with practices of statecraft and argues that far from transcending the modern state form, the practices of European integration in many ways reproduce it. Borg asserts that the project of European integration is plagued by similar ethico-political dilemmas as the modern state, and is ultimately animated by a similar desire to either expel or interiorize difference. In critically examining the practices of European integration, Borg questions whether they may be said to go beyond modern statecraft and what is at stake in such attempts. "--
What if this is heaven? : how our cultural myths prevent us from experiencing heaven on earth
The limits of science
Frontiers, regions and identities in Europe
Nutrition for intuition
Bordering early modern Europe
Band-aid for a broken leg : being a doctor with no borders and other ways to stay single
Boundaries and justice : diverse ethical perspectives
Once within borders : territories of power, wealth, and belonging since 1500
Troublesome border
A periphery extending into Europe? : a study of the politics of education within higher education reform in Georgia
Fisherman's lodge and other stories
Evolving nationalism : homeland, identity, and religion in Israel, 1925-2005
Acts of occupation : Canada and Arctic sovereignty, 1918-25
"In the current historical moment borders have taken on heightened material and symbolic significance, shaping identities and the social and political landscape. "Borders"--defined broadly to include territorial dividing lines as well as sociocultural boundaries--have become increasingly salient sites of struggle over social belonging and cultural and material resources. How do contemporary activists navigate and challenge these borders? What meanings do they ascribe to different social, cultural and political boundaries, and how do these meanings shape the strategies in which they engage? Moreover, how do these social movements confront internal borders based on the differences that emerge within social change initiatives? Border Politics, edited by Nancy A. Naples and Jennifer Bickham Mendez, explores these important questions through eleven carefully selected case studies situated in geographic contexts around the globe. By conceptualizing struggles over identity, social belonging and exclusion as extensions of border politics, the authors capture the complex ways in which geographic, cultural, and symbolic dividing lines are blurred and transcended, but also fortified and redrawn. This volume notably places right-wing and social justice initiatives in the same analytical frame to identify patterns that span the political spectrum. Border Politics offers a lens through which to understand borders as sites of diverse struggles, as well as the strategies and practices used by diverse social movements in today's globally interconnected world. Contributors: Phillip Ayoub, Renata Blumberg, Yvonne Braun, Moon Charania, Michael Dreiling, Jennifer Johnson, Jesse Klein, Andrej Kurnik, Sarah Maddison, Duncan McDuie-Ra, Jennifer Bickham Mendez, Nancy A. Naples, David Paternotte, Maple Razsa, Raphi Rechitsky, Kyle Rogers, Deana Rohlinger, Cristina Sanidad, Meera Sehgal, Tara Stamm, Michelle Te;llez"--
Placing Greece on the boundary of Europe
U.S. immigration enforcement : then and now, there and here
Rome and its frontiers : the dynamics of empire
African boundary problems
Multi-speed Europe? : differentiated integration in the external relations of the European Union
Water Gaps Connecting Neighbours from Conflict to Co-operation by Applying Scarcity Index
The kites are flying!
The development of cross-border economic relations
On geopolitics : space, place, and international relations
Cognition and religious phenomena : a response to Håkan Rydving
The empire stops here : a journey along the frontiers of the Roman world
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-D, Property : legal precedents
International humanitarian law and coerced movements of peoples across state boundaries
Border and territorial disputes
Practical guide to cross-border cooperation
Flowing borders of cultural policy
Neighbourhood perceptions of the Ukraine crisis : from the Soviet Union into Eurasia?
Revisiting good fences and neighbours in a postmodern world after twenty years : theoretical reflections on the state of contemporary border studies
Expansion of subalpine forests and upslope shift of tree-lines are expected in temperate and boreal mountain ecosystems due to global climate change. On a local scale, climatic forces are modified by a number of controlling factors. Site history is of central interest because it impacts on the importance of air and soil temperature vs. other factors. In many mountain areas, the grazing record is an important part of the site history. This study compares the tree and ground cover of two localities having different grazing histories in the tree-line ecotone of Western Norway. Data from the sampling of trees, saplings, seedlings and ground cover, tree age determinations, aerial photographs, interviews and literature research are used. The results show differences in the structure of the tree-line ecotone with regard to tree age, height, circumference and the structure of the understory. Ground cover differs in species composition, mainly with regard to light preferences. Together, the differences stress the importance of site history consideration in order to understand changes in the tree-line ecotone, because dissimilar site histories may create differing local responses to future global and regional climatic changes.
The impact of elevation, topography and snow load damage of trees on the position of the actual timberline on the fells in central Finnish Lapland
The pragmatic dragon : China's grand strategy and boundary settlements
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Our places, their spaces : urban territoriality in the Northern Irish conflict
Space, borders, maps
The boundaries of civilizations in space and time
Keeping the door ajar : local border traffic regimes on the EU’s eastern borders
Practise what you preach : the prospects for visa freedom in Russia-EU relations
Electrical conductivity structure of the lithosphere in western Fennoscandia from three-dimensional magnetotelluric data
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
Europe in the world : EU geopolitics and the making of European space
Little is known about changes in the abundance and species composition of dandelions (Taraxacum) in Finland. However, Eastern Finland, the biogeographical provinces of Karelia ladogensis and Karelia borealis, has been explored again since 1985. Carl-Erik Sonck collected dandelions there mainly in the 1940s and published his results later (Sonch 1964a). The comparison revealed that changes were considerable over this 60-year period. Species of the section Taraxacum had become more frequent, while those of the sections Borea and Erythrosperma had declined. After Sonck, 88 species were found to be new to North Karelia and 24 to Ladoga Karelia. Respectively, 16 and 33 species were not re-discovered in these provinces. The figures are approximate, particularly concerning Karelia ladogensis, because a larger part of this province has not been studied since 1945 when most of its territory was ceded to the former Soviet Union..
The power of no : because one little word can bring health, abundance and happiness
Border security in the Balkans : Europe's gatekeepers
Water Gaps Connecting Neighbours from Conflict to  Co-operation by Applying Scarcity Index
States of division : border and boundary formation in cold war rural Germany
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
Fundamental rights at airports : border checks at five international airports in the European Union
Transnational America : the fading of borders in the Western Hemisphere
Palestine : peace not apartheid
Turbulence in Russia and border cooperation
Particle size distribution and suspension stability in aqueous submicron grinding of CaCO<sub>3</sub> and TiO<sub>2</sub>
Symbolic violence in border crossing : a bodily geopolitics
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
Cross-Border Consumption within Kostomuksha and the Kainuu Region
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
The boreal timber- and tree-line forests grow in harsh environmental conditions in their outermost distribution limit. Here even small environmental changes may cause dramatic changes in the distribution of tree species. We examined changes of the forest lines of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) H. Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in Finnish Lapland five times during 1983-2009. We monitored the number of stems and the volume of the growing stock in thirteen different locations in forest-line areas. The linear temporal trends and the variations of these response variables were used as indicators of a possible change during the study period. Spruce showed a significant increase both in the volume of the growing stock (up to 40% increase) and in the total stem number (up to 100% increase). A significant increase in the volume of the growing stock was observed in the pine data as well (up to 70% increase), whereas the stem number stagnated or even decreased. The results suggest that spruce needs favourable conditions to have an abundant regeneration, but after the establishment the seedlings seem to be more resistant against biotic and abiotic disturbances than pine seedlings. The increasing stand volume might result in a climate-related northward and upward extension of forests in the future. However, our results show that responses in the boreal forest line are species and location specific and a more favourable climate does not necessarily lead to an advance of the coniferous forest line..
The western Sahara and the frontiers of Morocco
Families on the move in Europe : children's perspectives
Nation shapes : the story behind the world's borders
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
The significance of borders : why representative government and the rule of law require nation states
The Polish-German frontier : law, life and logic of history
Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived.
Managing borders in an increasingly borderless world
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
Fifty shades of grey
Shape sensitivity analysis for numerical solution of free boundary problems
Deceiving (dis)appearances : analyzing current developments in Europe and North America's border regions
The neighbourhood of cultures
Comparison of the annexed territories
Reflections on Europe : defining a political order in time and space
The geography of border landscapes
The far western frontier, 1830-1860
Why beautiful is not a real word? / Juha Varto
Establishment and height development of harvested and naturally regenerated Scots pine near the timberline in North-East Finnish Lapland
The cartel
Where in the world is the Philippines? : debating its national territory
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
Dwelling on the borders : self. Text and world
What is Europe?
According to the latest reports of United Nations, the biggest challenge facing the world at the  present and in the next decades is water scarcity. Trans-boundary water resources from history to  present either lead to cooperation or to confrontation and conflicts.  For the last six decades, it has not been possible to solve the Arab-Israeli conflict, and the water  issue has been raised as one of the keys for solving the conflict or having a successful discussion.  The history of the water conflict in the Middle East began by the foundation of the Israeli state in  1948. Since that time Israelis have tried to secure the state water supplies using different water  resources in the area. The rapidly growth of the driving forces (Nexus) has become a source of  numerous conflicts with their neighbours.  The whole area has suffered from water shortage and unsuccessful managing of the water  resources. Palestinians, Israelis, Jordanians, Syrians and Lebanese are sharing the major part of  their water resources, the Jordan River and the aquifer of the West Bank and Garza Strip being  the main sources of water resources for Israelis and for the Palestinians. Dividing the land will  not be a solution to water gaps. It is likely to make the situation even worse.  Several methods and tools have been developed worldwide to assist the riparians to manage their  own shared water resources, part of which are technical and other social -political methods.  Scarcity index is one technical numerical method developed to assist the parties to allocate the  shared water resources and to assist on recovering the water gaps. Based on the mentioned  methods numerous agreements have been made and discussions have been held between the  riparians to achieve peace and co-operation. Some of them have been implemented, the other  remain open due to the political changes in the area.
Crossing borders, dissolving boundaries
Governing borders and security : the politics of connectivity and dispersal
Borders, regions, and people
After World War I, Hungarian society became focused on revising the terms of the Peace Treaty of Trianon. This title examines the thinking behind the renegotiation of post-treaty boundaries.
Trafficking in women : views from the Finnish-Russian border
The Berlin wall : 13 August 1961 - 9 November 1989
Cross-border consumption within Kostamuksha and the Kainuu Region
Pacific Ocean boundary problems : status and solutions
Negative effects of borderline personality disorder on the family : a systematic literature review
The China-India border : the origins of the disputed boundaries
Post-cold war security borders : a conceptual approach
Border theory : the limits of cultural politics
Stories of the 'boring border' : the Dutch German borderscape in people's minds
The historical frontiers of the northern nations
The article examines the reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia. Particular attention in the research is given to the effects of the main types of social and labor mobility (territorial, educational, professional and medical). The article stems from theoretical explorations of this subject by Russian researchers and the results of an economic and sociological survey of the working-age population of the Karelia region. It was conducted with the participation of the author in 2012 in the three municipalities of the Republic of Karelia. The research surveyed 450 respondents. The survey and statistical analysis of demographic data helped to establish the information base, which allowed performing a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the reproduction of labor potential while evaluating the impact of social and labor mobility..
Falling in love again : romantic comedy in contemporary cinema
No abstract available.
Dreaming of a greater Finland : finnish-russian border demarcations from 1809 to 1944.
Karelia - a cross-border region? : The EU and cross-border region-building on the Finnish-Russian border
The shaping of the Czechoslovak state : diplomatic history of the boundaries of Czechoslovakia, 1914-1920
Rossiâ i strany Severnoj Evropy : fizičeskie i simvoličeskie granicy : sbornik statej V Kirkenesskogo meždunarodnogo seminara istorikov = Russia and the countries of Northern Europe : physical and symbolic borders : proceedings of the 5th Kirkenes international history seminar
Mobility and migration choices : thresholds to crossing borders
Algebraic approach to absorbing boundary conditions. 1, Basic ideas
Partitioned lives : the Irish borderlands
Discourses, boundaries and scales : Estonian territorial politics in the 'new' Europe
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
The Norman frontier in the twelfth and early thirteenth centuries
Indian foreign policy and the border dispute with China
This article deals with the Finnish-Russian border in light of the European external border control policy and its impact on immigration. The 1985 Schengen agreement removed internal European border controls and external border protection became a major concern of the European Union (EU) and heads of states. The European discourse towards immigration changed during the last decade and patterns show tighter external borders. This research follows the Copenhagen school of security and scrutinises the Finnish external border approach under the aspect of immigration. It analyses the socio-economic importance of the Finnish-Russian border in comparison to the European trend that decreases the penetrability of external borders. The study results show that the Finnish policy approach focuses on regional development in order to achieve economic balance in the border regions. This approach is supposed to increase security by economic rather than by traditional border control strategies..
Mapping the body, embodying the map : a corporeal  taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia
Perceptions toward the opening of the Finnish-Russian border
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
The South China Sea : the struggle for power in Asia
Between Western and Eastern Europe : political studies : past and the present
Border encounters : asymmetry and proximity at Europe's frontiers
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
Imagining frontiers contesting identities
On-chip purification of arc-discharge synthesized multiwalled carbon nanotubes via mobile liquid interface
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
The boundaries of Finland in transition
Boundaries in human relationships : how to be separate and connected
The Arctic has reacted more quickly and dramatically to global warming than many had anticipated. Scientists are urgently trying to predict just how the Arctic will change and how those changes will in turn affect the rest of the planet. But plenty of other people, driven by profit rather than data, are interested as well. The riches of the world's last virgin territory have spurred the reawakening of old geopolitical rivalries. The United States, Canada, Russia, Norway, and Denmark all control areas around the Arctic Ocean. We face a new era of oil rigs and drill ships, of shipping shortcuts, and fights over the Arctic's treasures. Alongside the winners are the many losers, from nomadic reindeer herders to Inuit hunters. Other creatures that rely on the vast expanses of sea ice, including seals, birds, and whales, may disappear or be replaced. Combining science, business, politics, and adventure, Alun Anderson takes the reader to the ends of the earth in a narrative portrait of this rapidly changing land of unparalleled global significance.--From publisher description.
Seasonality of bacterioplankton in subarctic ponds above and below treeline
Past pollen production reconstructed from needle production in Pinus sylvestris at the northern timberline : a tool for evaluating palaeoclimate reconstructions
Spatial variation of climate and the impact of disturbances on local climate and forest recovery in northern Finland
"It was so sacred" : the Finnish-Russian of border imagined and constructed in the stories of border area inhabitants
Globalization on the line : culture, capital, and citizenship at U.S. borders
Design and validation of stateful composite RESTful web services
Positioning in wireless networks:non-cooperative and cooperative algorithms
Topological imagination, digital determinism and the mobile border paradigm
Natural regeneration of Scots pine and Norway spruce close to the timberline in northern Finland
Catchment forest management in the East Usambara mountains
Fundamental rights at Europe's southern sea borders
History and philosophy of science. 13, Boundaries of the universe
Current issues of cross-border establishment of companies in the European Union
European integration and the problem of the state : a critique of the bordering of Europe
Breaking down boundaries : Hadrian's wall in the 21st century
The ugly frontier
How to say no to your toddler : creating a safe, rational, and effective discipline program for your 9-month-old to 3-year-old
Border changes in 20th century Europe : selected case studies
"What is Europe? Where does it begin and end? Who is a European? These questions have long been debated but never more so than in the early 21st century. Anna Triandafyllidou and Ruby Gropas show that there can be no single definition of Europe but that a lot can be learned from addressing its diverse meanings"--
Boundaries and African integration : essays in comparative history and policy analysis
Economic interpretation of borders
Border poetics De-limited
Thailand-Burma border : history and current issues
Poland's place in Europe : general Sikorski and the origin of the Oder-Neisse line, 1939-1943
The Northern Territories dispute and Russo-Japanese relations
Space, body, and the notion of boundary : a category-theoretical approach to religion
Advanced 0–3 ceramic polymer composites for high frequency applications
Space-time constellation and precoder design under channel estimation errors
United States-Mexico border statistics since 1900
Mapping the Body, Embodying the Map: A corporeal taxonomy into a topographical transformation at the  border of Nicosia is a project realized along and across the buffer zone within the Venetian walls of Nicosia, the  capital city of Cyprus.  The focus of this project is the area that divides the city into two parts and it has been mentioned as buffer zone,  green line, borderline, dividing line, dead zone and many more. This restricted area has activated not only  physical barriers for people but also caused emotional and mental restrain.  The motivation is my wish to reveal the significance of this area and uncover the impact it creates on the body:  physical, mental and emotional. Also my intention is to deform and reconstruct the psychophysical perceptions of  the dividing line through artistic means.  The approach and method of working consists of artistic research, and a practical and theoretical framework. I  have used live performance as my creative technique to realize a series of site-specific performance interventions  along and across the Nicosia buffer zone in order to generate knowledge about that area, examined in my research.  In addition, the written part of this project includes a description and analysis of my artistic work at the border,  supported with theories focusing mainly on José Esteban Muñoz's work, “Disidentifications” (1999) and Sarah  Pink's “Doing Sensory Ethnography” (2009).  This thesis project questions: How the conventional idea of the border and its solidified historicity can be  transformed to a new perception through performing, while bringing a psychophysical transformation to this  experience? To come to an answer, the body is used as a tool to create live actions and the Nicosia border is used  as a site to be experienced through non covnentional ways. Finally, the outcome is an experiential mapping, which  is shaped while the body is used to measure, archive, experience and re-experience, and therefore memorize the  border anew.
The objective of our research was to find out if forest will invade the treeless areas in the present treeline ecotone in northern Finnish Lapland and which factors might impede forest advance. The field studies were carried out on Ailakkavaara near Kilpisjärvi, in the Pallastunturi area, and in northern Utsjoki(Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi-Staloskaidi, Jesnalvaara). In the Kilpisjärvi area and in northern Utsjoki only mountain birch is represented in the treeline ecotone, except for Jesnalvaara, where pine also occurs. In the Pallastunturi area, mountain birch, pine and spruce are represented in the treeline ecotone up to the treeline. In all study areas, a mosaic of widely scattered trees, tree groves and almost treeless subarctic dwarf shrub-lichen heath characterize the treeline ecotone. This mosaic is closely related to the locally varying topography and its influence on site conditions. In all the places, adverse physical and biological factors impede the forest from invading the present treeless areas within the treeline ecotone. Generally, seedlings are rare on top of wind-swept convex topography compared to better wind-protected snow-rich depressions such as little stream sides. Low or missing winter snow cover, ice particle abrasion, sand blast, and reindeer cause damage to seedlings and sparse young growth. Sandy till, typical of the ecotone on Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi and Staloskaidi (northern Utsjoki), is highly susceptible to wind erosion once the protecting plant cover has been destroyed. Thus, on the prevailing convex, wind-exposed topography, frequented by reindeer, the topsoil is eroded leaving the bare mineral soil exposed. Due to the sandy texture and lack of organic matter these sites drain rapidly. Drought and poor nutrient supply are most adverse to seedling establishment. In the other study areas (Ailakkavaara, Pallastunturi and also Jesnalvaara in northern Utsjoki) wind erosion is far less important. Seedlings are more frequent in wind-sheltered, snow-rich and moist shallow valleys and depressions. Altogether, our studies do not support the optimistic forecasts of a rapid advance of the forest to greater elevation. Even with warmer conditions the adverse effects of severe microclimate, drought and reindeer would override in spite of decades of slightly raised temperatures.
Cultural Integration of Cross-Border M&A Activities in the Chinese Auto Industry : Case Study: the Acquisition of Geely and Volvo
Advanced technologies for intelligent systems of national border security
Insider/outsider issues are of central importance for the definitions of religion and for the identity of religious groups, for the subjectivity and relationships of their adherents, for methodological issues within the study of religions and for the relationship between non-theological and thological studies of religion. Conceptions of 'inside', 'outside' and 'boundary', the emotions surrounding them, their origins in the social relations of body, family and strangers, and the metaphors used to depict and manage them all provide important insights for thinking about religions, how they are studies and by whom. A discussion of socio-spatial and cognitive linguistic theories of categorisation, containment and boundary-making is followed by several case studies in which territories and boundaries are explored with reference to the relationship between 'religion' and 'magic' in medieval Europe, the Enlightenment construction of 'religion', 'religions' and 'non-religion', and briefly, the disciplinary engagement of religious studies and theology. The application of the concept of the 'sacred' to these boundaries and the spaces they produce is considered.
The influence of changes in climate and land-use on regeneration dynamics of Norway spruce at the treeline in the Swiss Alps
The borderless North : proceedings of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
