http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28525 children's theatres (theatre by children)
children's theatres (theatre by children)
An introduction to child drama
Showtime! : Over 75 ways to put on a show
Make-up for fun
Historicising Beckett : issues of performance = Beckett dans l'histoire : en jouant Beckett
Birdman : or (the unexpected virtue of ignorance)
Children's literature : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies : Vol. 1 : Definitions and distinctions
Dramatherapy with children and adolescents
Theatrical training during the age of Shakespeare
Nordic theatre studies : yearbook for theatre research in Scandinavia. 8, Theatre for children in the nineties. Themes and performances
Children's theater : a paradigm, primer, and resource
Gavin Bolton's contextual drama : the road less travelled
"Gavin Bolton's contextual drama is the result of more than two decades of study of Bolton's theory and practice. For teachers and those in the caring professions, it will clarify the power of contextual drama as a beneficial learning medium for children and adults, both within and beyond the classroom. The core of the book is a detailed analysis of nine examples of the contextual drama mode; the first five demonstrate and analyze Bolton's practice with children and young people and the final four describe his teaching with adults. Each chapter is framed by an introduction that contextualizes Bolton, from his initial beginnings working with visually and aurally-challenged children to his position as reader in drama at Durham University. The final two chapters offer reflection on the nature of this work and, in particular, the significance of Bolton's contributions to education."
Play therapy theory and practice : a comparative presentation
Forum theatre for children : enhancing social, emotional and creative development
Puppets, language and learning
Creative drama in the classroom and beyond
Organising young people's dramatic practises : a report from a Nordic-Baltic-Russian Educational Theatre Network 1999-2001
The teaching of drama in the primary school
Performing arts in the primary school
Exploring children's creative narratives
Dancing for young audiences : a practical guide to creating, managing and marketing a performance company
Improvisation for the theater : a handbook of teaching and directing tehniques
The secret hen house theatre
Theatre for youth third space : performance, democracy, and community cultural development
The puppet boy of Warsaw
Children's literature : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies : Vol. 3 : Cultural contexts
Forum Theatre can help primary as well as secondary school students to explore personal and collective challenges in their lives. Its secure scaffolding enables them to share their views and fears and develop their social, emotional and creative skills. In Forum Theatre for Children educational psychologist Nick Hammond describes each step of the process of FT – the activities, workshops and performances – so that adults who work with children can develop their own FT projects to explore issues children are concerned about. He takes readers through real-life FT models that have helped children to cope in conditions of austerity and family instability, and to explore difficult issues such as transition – be it to secondary school, a new home or even a new country. The book shows how FT can develop children's sense of solidarity, belonging, problem-solving, constructive protest and community membership, and give them a way to experiment with roles and find sustainable real-life solutions to personal and shared challenges. This book is an invaluable resource for primary and secondary school teachers, drama teachers and trainee teachers, and for psychologists, youth workers, social workers, drama students, theatre practitioners, art therapists and others interested in working with children and young people in educational and community settings.
The weed that strings the hangman's bag : a Flavia de Luce novel
Drama for mentally handicapped children
The young audience : exploring and enhancing children's experiences of theatre
Drama with children
Another 100 + ideas for drama
Speaking out : storytelling and creative drama for children
Reimagining Shakespeare for children and young adults
"Based on updated QCA/NLS guidelines and drama objectives, this book: * combines practical advice on planning, teaching and assessing with best teaching practices * offers detailed guidance on the Key stage 3 drama curriculum * includes lesson plans for years 7-9 for students to use in their teaching"--Back cover.
Sign language, deaf culture & bilingual education
Directing young people in theatre : a guide to staging plays with young casts
Children's literature : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies : Vol. 4 : International and comparative
Improvisation for the theatre : a handbook of teaching and directing techniques
Drama performance in children's play-culture : the possibilities and significance of form
Creative expression : the development of children in art, music, literature and dramatics
Creative play acting : learning through drama
Creativity and the dissociative patient : puppets, narrative and art in the treatment of survivors of childhood trauma
Searching for a better life through arts and skills : research results, visions and conclusions
Child drama
Smoke and mirrors
Arts education and beyond
Performance affects : applied theatre and the end of effect
Birdman : or (The unexpected virtue of ignorance)
Theatre for young audiences : a critical handbook
Staging an interactive mystery play : a six-week program for developing theatre skills
The deaf way : Perspectives from the international conference on deaf culture
Gender in play on the Shakespearean stage : boy heroines and female pages
Staging a play with a young cast is both a challenging and rewarding experience. Directing Young People in Theatre guides you through the entire process, from choosing or devising a play, to editing, rehearsing and staging it and reflecting on the whole experience. Insights from professional directors and exercise suggestions featured throughout will help both you and your cast to engage with your play and take full advantage of rehearsals and performances. Clear and accessible, this book is the ideal companion for anyone wishing to stage a play with young people – from teachers and youth workers, to Applied Theatre students and professional directors. Including exclusive interviews with: Annabel Arden, Michael Attenborough, Matthew Dunster, Richard Eyre, Robert Icke, Indu Rubasingham, Lyndsey Turner.
European children's drama and video camp in Finland July 27 - August 4, 2002
Can you hear a rainbow? : the story of a deaf boy named Chris
Theatre, youth, and culture : a critical and historical exploration
Children's literature : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies : Vol. 2 : Education and theory
The weed that strings the hangman's bag
Improvisation for the theater : a handbook of teaching and directing techniques
Theatre for children : guide to writing, adapting, directing and acting
Theatre for Youth Third Space is a practical yet philosophically grounded handbook for people working in theatre and performance with children and youth in community or educational settings. Presenting asset development approaches, deliberative dialogue techniques, and frames for building strong community relationships, Stephani Etheridge Woodson shares multiple project models that are firmly grounded in the latest community cultural development practices. Guiding readers step by step through project planning, creating safe environments, and using evaluation protocols, Theatre for Youth Third Space will be an invaluable resource for both teaching and practice.
Courage and strength : creative work with children
Do my story, sing my song : music therapy and playback theatre with troubled children
Drama and moral education : the plays of Maria Edgeworth (1768-1849)
Putting on a play
Signs and voices : deaf culture, identity, language and arts
