http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28570 collection policy
collection policy
This paper briefly examines the exchange rate arrangements of several of Eastern Europe's transition economies.Generally speaking, countries that have included some form of fixed exchange rate regime in their stabilization packages have been more successful in curbing inflation, and consequently reviving output. Further, while a fixed exchange rate is no panacea for economic problems, it can act as a credible nominal anchor in a comprehensive reform package.Such credibility, however, is contingent on the government's ability to implement a balanced budget. As transition progresses, fixed exchange rate regimes eventually become outmoded as they lack some of the flexibility and potency in conducting monetary policy central banks may require as the economy grows.To date, even the most advanced of the transition countries have balked at making this switch.A possible explanation may simply be inertia from past success of fixed exchange rates in reducing inflation and enhancing the credibility of such central banks. .
The challenges of the Medvedev era
In market economies we can clearly make a distinction between the area of public finance and the area of private finance.In the centrally planned economies the distinction between private and public finance did not actually exist, because all economic activities as well as all finance were public.Given that, one can argue that transition from a centrally-planned to a market economy includes a radical fiscal restructuring. In principle, fiscal policy in transition economies was aimed at promoting economic recovery and creating favourable conditions for economic operators while maintaining reasonable social security. The fiscal stability was seen as an important signal of the government's commitment to economic stabilization.This, in turn, would increase public confidence in government.After the brake-up of the Soviet Union, most of the successor states experienced large fiscal deficits.Compared to other countries of the FSU, the Baltic states were able to maintain rather moderate deficits.One explanation for this can be that the initial fiscal position in all three Baltic states was better than in Russia and the transition economies in central Europe, and partly because of the early budget reforms in 1990-91.The Baltic countries practised tight fiscal policies right from the start of their independence.Another explanation for the Baltics' better success in maintaining fiscal stability can be explained by the fact that during the old Soviet system, the Baltic countries, especially Latvia and Lithuania, contributed large net transfers to the Soviet Union's budget.Once the Soviet Union collapsed, these transfers were abolished and the Baltic countries's financial balances improved significantly.The initial surplus in the fiscal accounts and better revenue performance made it easier to implement strict cash rationing as a means for expenditure control.Tight cas rationing has been an effective way to cut spending.Moreover, an additional factor explaining the success in expenditure policies has been the development of social security benefits.The shares of these transfers have remained fairly stable in all three Baltic states. Finally, it seems that Baltic governments have also been quite successful in reducing subsidies to very low levels.Despite the success, all three Baltic states have had trouble collecting budget revenues.Tax administration as well as control and payment mechanisms are still underdeveloped.In addition, due to a fact that many new private firms were not captured in the tax net, both taxes on wages and salaries, and VAT and other indirect taxes, may not have been fully collected from them.Budget revenues have further been negatively affected due to increase in tax arrears and falling profitability in state enterprises. Although the Baltic the Baltic countries managed to keep their fiscal deficits at quite low levels, deficits still emerged and therefore financing for these deficits had to be found.In respect of domestic financing, the government deficit has been mainly financed in the form of government bonds.The level of foreign financing, however, has been low due to a limited access to foreign capital markets. The future challange for economic policy in the Baltic countries is to ensure the availability of resources necessary to maintain growth, In this respect, fiscal policy should encourage savings, because they form the base for financing the high levels of investment required for sustained economic growth.One of the future challanges in all Baltic countries is the collecting of timely accurate, and accessible fiscal data that are consistent with the international standard of government finance statistics methodology.Also, we cannot ignore that social safety nets are under severe strain as a result of weak financial and administrative capacity.Further efforcts will focus also on tax policy; on improving the effectiveness of taxes by further broad.
Small countries establishing their own independent monetary system: the case of the Baltics
New conditions for growth in Russia
Understanding the Baltic and Estonian puzzles : The  political economy of rapid external liberalization in  Estonia and Latvia
Policy choice under imperfect competition with an application to the Finnish sugar market
General remarks on the speed of transformation in the socialist countries
Did Putin's reforms catapult Russia to durable growth?
The paper gives a brief overview of the evolving fiscal federalist relations in post-Soviet Russia from the early 1990s up to recent changes in 2004.Since the initial period of disintegration and the “parade of sovereignties” in the mid-1990s, the tide has clearly turned in favour of central power.The authors describe and discuss the main administrative reforms in this area initiated during Putin’s presidency.The paper also offers a characterisation of regional finances in terms of revenues, expenditures and transfers in recent years.The tendency towards recentralising economic and political decision-making is clearly observed. Key words: Russia, fiscal federalism, regional policy .
Political stability and consensus : Keys to sustainable  transition
The Russian financial markets are small for an economy the size of Russia, and in many respects underdeveloped. This restricts the Central Bank of Russia's scope for conducting monetary policy. In this paper we provide an overview of the Russian financial markets and the CBR's variegated collection of monetary policy tools and their effectiveness. The Russian monetary and exchange rate policy framework is currently in the process of change. During most of the 2000s, the CBR tightly steered the ruble's external value, which left little room for active monetary policy. After the 2008-2009 crisis, the bank began to loosen the reins of exchange rate management with the aim of moving gradually to a regime of inflation targeting. Since the monetary policy tools are still not highly effective, the big challenge for monetary authorities is improve the tools. Keywords: Russia, monetary policy, exchange rate policy .
Estonia and EMU prospects
The weeding handbook : a shelf-by-shelf guide
Industry Policy in Transition : the Case of Latvia
China's exchange rate system after WTO accession / Some  considerations
MRM5 : museum registration methods
Operating since 1993, Estonia's budding money market today boasts a fairly sophisticated interbank money market.Its non-interbank money market also continues to develop rapidly; in coming years short-term money flows between enterprises will increase as Estonia's enterprise sector grows.Estonia's money market is tiny in comparison to major money markets, and standard instruments such as T-bills are not used at all.Even so, Estonia's money market is, by far, the most developed in the Baltic region.Given the present high growth in Estonian banking and industry, turnover in the Estonian money market can well be expected to grow and further integrate itself with global money markets.  Keywords:Money market, Estonia .
The sustainability of Russian fiscal policy
2002 was a significant year for China’s economic development in many ways.The economy continued to grow rapidly in 2002.Domestic investment - particularly public investment - surged ahead.Home buying and private car purchases became the pillars of private consumption.Exports surged despite a global economic slowdown. Expansionary fiscal policy continued to be the main policy instrument to stimulate growth in 2002.Despite this strong performance, Chinese economic growth was also deflation-prone, jobless and profitless due mainly to the distorted structure of the economy.State-owned enterprises still dominate many sectors and enjoy preferential treatment such as easy access to bank loans. Policymakers face substantial challenges in sustaining high growth in the medium term.The leadership change and the restructuring of the state asset management system could have a significant impact on the outlook for 2003 and beyond. Key words: China, macroeconomic development, policy challenges .
African intellectual heritage : a book of sources
Putin has now been nominally running the country for nearly a year. The question that seized us all earlier this year - Who is Mr. Putin? - has been long since answered, although in different ways. The issue that preoccupies us now is the broader, and more important, one of where Russia is headed.Putin is of course part of the answer, but only a part, and perhaps only a small part.Much more depends on the conditions and broad trends in Russia and the limits they place on possible Russian futures.The search for the answer therefore begins with a prior question: What kind of Russia did Yeltsin bequeath to Putin?Having answered that question, we need to take a look at what has changed under Putin's leadership. Only then can we lay out some plausible scenarios for Russia's development over the next few years.  Keywords: Russia, economic and political system, Vladimir Putin .
Is India emerging as a global economic powerhouse equal to  China?
This paper assesses the impacts of Economic and Monetary Union and the euro on developments within the eight most advanced accession candidates in Central and Eastern Europe.The single currency completes the project for a single market in Europe, and overall, clear efficiency gains for participating countries are expected. This should spur foreign trade with e.g. the accession countries. Accession candidates may use a variety of foreign exchange rate regimes before they join the EU, but ultimately their economic policies become a matter of common interest.Pressure to peg to the euro obviously increases as membership approaches, but there is compelling evidence that countries should hold back on pegging to the euro until they have achieved sufficient convergence to attain credibility for a policy of fixed exchange rates.  Keywords: Economic and Monetary Union, Central and Eastern Europe, exchange rate policy, integration .
This paper treats inflation in Estonia during a period of dramatic change.In the course of this period both the nature and features of inflation have changed considerably. Starting in the mid-1980s, the development of the Estonian economy can be divided into two periods. During the first period the command economy was transformed into a postsocialist economy.The latter period was marked by the abolition of centralization and direct control, which are typical of the command economy. The difference between these periods is most clearly seen on the microeconomic level and is connected with the importance of market signals in determining the behaviour of economic agents. During the first period, i.e. from 1985 to 1992, nonmarket forces determined this behaviour.The market, or at least the initial conditions for a market were functioning, but market signals were not for the most part taken into account.In reality the command economy was reformed without a qualitative change in the economic system. The second period, which began in 1992 in connection with the monetary reform, include the qualitative change from a command economy to a market economy.The reforms that have taken place during the second period are making market signals the main impetus for the economic agents' behaviour. The nature of inflation has been different in the two periods. In the period of the post-socialist economy, inflation was a phenomenon that accompanied the liberalization of a command economy. .
Defining the Yiddish nation : the Jewish folklorists of Poland
Modeling work on Estonian data indicates that external financing of the private sector has strong impact on domestic demand, which implies that valuable insights may be gained in this case from understanding the behavioral relationships in the monetary sector. The current paper provides a theoretical analysis of the monetary sector under a currency board regime and applies specification tests to Estonian data.As a final product, empirical equations for average lending rate, loans provided to the private sector and money demand are estimated.While estimations herein use monthly data, quarterly modifications of the model will be inserted into Eesti Pank's quarterly macromodel in the future. Key words: currency board, economic modelling, bank lending, capital flows, Estonia .
Double fold : libraries and the assault on paper
Chinese posters : the iish-landsberger collections
Rakkaudesta kaupunkiin : Riitta Nikulan juhlakirja = For love of the City : Festschrift to Riitta Nikula
Privatising culture : corporate art intervention since the 1980s
Real exchange rate changes and exchange rate policy under economic transformation in Hungary and Central-Eastern Europe
Inflation in Estonia : The effect of transition
"Monetarism" and monetary policy in Russia
Russia getting closer to WTO membership : what are the  practical implications?
Novgorod and Pskov : examples of how economic policy can  influence economic development
Whose muse? : art museums and the public trust / edited by James Cuno ; with essays by James Cuno ... [et al.]
Floating collections : a collection development model for long-term success
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
Arts, Inc : how greed and neglect have destroyed our cultural rights
Establishing connections between economic performance and policies, institutions and exogenous change is difficult under any circumstances.In the case of Russia, where relevant time series are short and structural and institutional change has occurred in the absence of a well-defined model of the economy, it becomes largely - if not entirely - a matter of art and taste.This paper considers the possible impacts of structural reform under President Putin on Russian economic performance.Judging the impact of Putin's reforms on recent Russian economic performance is confounded by the problem of overdetermination.That is, we can identify a number of contributing factors, but cannot say for sure if their absence would have a crucial effect on outcomes.On the other hand, there seem to be no grounds for denying the importance of reforms, even if their short-term impact might primarily be through expectations, a factor notoriously difficult to pinpoint. Further, it is a matter of some delight that, contrary to what is currently all too easily and often argued, Russia's structural reforms continue.Key words: Russia, economic policy, reforms, growth .
This paper considers the reasons for increasing the interest of Russian leaders in improving the investment climate in Russia. The paper shows that this change in economic policy is connected not only to the natural rent decline but also reflects the search of the ruling coalition for a new social base represented by successful medium-sized business. These new trends can be interpreted in terms of the "limited access order" concept developed in the recent works of Douglass North and his co-authors.  Keywords: Russian transition economy, rents, bureaucracy, large and medium-sized business, response to the crises, investment climate  .
The challenge of choosing an optimal exchange rate regime for  China
China's foreign exchange system currently combines a virtual peg to the US dollar with direct capital account controls.With accession to the World Trade Organisation, China's capital control regime can be expected to lose its effectiveness in the face of accelerating liberalisation of trade and investment.While the country may experience in the medium term an increase in nominal and real shocks, the easing of capital controls is an inevitable requisite promoting development of China's domestic financial markets and integration with the global trade system and capital markets.Soft pegs with wide fluctuation bands or similar arrangements that retain certain capital controls could thus be adopted in the interim.Then, as China's financial markets develop and enterprises and banks begin to adhere consistently to market principles, a more flexible foreign exchange regime such as a managed float with relaxed capital controls could be introduced. Key words: China, exchange rate system, WTO accession .
Fairy tales and fables from Weimar days
Yingxiang ni yisheng de Jianqiano yanjiang : ying-han duizhao = Listen to the speeches in the first-class universities : the most influential Camb. speeches
China was able to combine slow inflation with very rapid economic growth for more than a decade. Finally, in 2007 inflation started to accelerate and there are a number of factors that may increase the pressure on China's price level in the near future. Most importantly, money supply growth is expected to remain rapid due to the ballooning foreign currency inflows. In addition, according to some estimates, economic growth has accelereated above its long-term potential and also a number of structural factors are likely to push production costs up. Counterbalancing part of the rising costs, productivity growth has somewhat accelerated during recent years. With low cost levels and fastly growing exports, China is believed to have exported deflation into its trading partners in recent years. However, due to the fact that the direct impacts of globalisation on inflation in the advanced economies have been moderate, also the effect of a possible rise in China's cost leve!  l on inflation in eg euro area is expected to remain small. However, the indirect impacts on price dynamics are much more difficult to forecast.  Keywords: China, inflation, monetary policy .
The Chinese government debt : What do we know and what should be done?
External liberalisation is usually hard to implement politically. Therefore the speed and depth of liberalisation in Estonia and Latvia raises a 'Baltic puzzle'.Estonia is also unique in that it has implemented free trade - the 'Estonian puzzle'.This paper uses political economy analysis of exogenous factors, interests, institutions and ideas to understand these two puzzles.The impact of the crisis of the early 1990s on interests and institutions is shown to be a precondition of the Baltic puzzle, but ideas and exogenous factors are more important in explaining actual policy choices.The Estonian puzzle is seen as the result of a unique configuration of political economy variables.  Key words: political economy, external liberalisation, free trade, Estonia, Latvia .
Lectures on international trade
Liberation music : spiritual jazz and the art of protest on Flying Dutchman Records 1968-1974
Monetary Overhang, Inflation and Stabilization in the  Economies in Transition
China's economic development in 2002
Yes we can : voices of a grassroots movement
Arjen murtumia : nykytaide ottaa kantaa Kiasman kokoelmissa : [Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma, 2.4. - 27.11.2005] = Fractures of life : political contemporary art in Kiasma's collections : [Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, 2.4. - 27.11.2005] / [toimittajat = editors: Marja Sakari, Eija Aarnio]
The state of U.S.-Russian relations and the new Bush  administration
Interdependence of politics and economic development : financial stabilization in Russia
After a decade of moving from plan to market economies, variations in the rate of economic reforms and performance are evident for transition countries.For many, stabilisation of economic fundamentals has given way toward the issues of creating deeper institutional and structural reforms.The evidence of successful transitions indicates a positive link between liberalisation and economic performance.However, the evidence does not fully capture the domestic country-specific choice of political regime and the degree of social consensus.This paper, part of a two-paper series, argues that these are important explanatory variables for the rate of transition chosen by a country and for sustained reforms for fast-reformers.Political stability and consensus correlate with a faster reform effort.Political instability and lack of consensus, corresponding to conflict zones, correlates with delayed reform. Evidence from transition countries shows that the countries in the latter group, e.g. countries in the Caucasus, shift to a fast-track reform process once political stability and consensus replace internal conflict.In contrast, countries with political stability but lack of consensus remain relatively stagnant in their rates of economic reforms and economic growth. .
European competitiveness report
This study assesses the causes of dollarization in Russia. Dollarization is defined here as the use of foreign currency both as a medium of exchange and store of value.  According to different estimates, the current degree of dollarization of the Russian economy is 40-50 per cent.Inquiry into sources and mechanisms of dollarization in Russia reveals the main factors influencing its evolution - dynamics of inflation and the dollar exchange rate, as well as the uncertainty level of money and credit policy.  The model of dollarization assessing the influence of key parameters of macroeconomic policy - inflation, exchange and interest rates - on dynamics of dollarization is created in the paper.Main conclusions and relationships of the model are tested on Russian data.Implications of obtained results for macroeconomic policy in Russia are discussed.  Keywords:dollarization, monetary policy, models, Russia .
What determines regional inequality in China? / a survey of  the literature and official data
"On election day the husband tied his wife to a table leg to stop her from voting" : political narratives, gender and archived heritage in Finland
This paper examines possible effects of EU membership and the shift to the euro on the monetary and exchange rate policies of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.The Baltics, which have extensive economic integration with euro-area states, all apply monetary policies based on fixed exchange rates.Estonia’s kroon is pegged directly to the euro.The external value of the Latvian lats is determined by a currency basket with a heavy euro weighting.Lithuania is currently shifting its peg of the litas from the US-dollar to a euro-dominated basket.The switch to the euro as the Baltics’ anchor currency has compelling practical reasons.Euro-area countries now provide a significant share of foreign direct investment into the Baltics and they collectively comprise the Baltics’ largest trading partner.The Baltic financial sectors are also extensively integrated with the euro area.Finally, the Baltic economies are natural candidates for fixed exchange rates, due to their small size and openness.Nevertheless, fixed exchange rate regimes always involve risks.Two of the biggest challenges facing the Baltic states are finding ways to keep productivity growth in line with real wage growth and increasing the flexibility of labor markets. .
First prize: fifteen years! : an annotated collection of Romanian political jokes
Since regaining independence, Estonian has carried out its economic and political reforms with dispatch and determination.Estonia has now succesfully completed primary tasks faced by most transition countries, ie. trade liberalization, macroeconomic stabilization, privatization, monetary reform, strengthening of financial sector etc.One of the main challanges presently facing Estonia is the EU membership.If Estonia intends to become a member of the EU in the years ahead, EMU will comprise the framework of development also for the Estonian economy.What then are the implications of EMU memberhip for Estonia ?Benefits include elimination of currency transaction costs, reduction of costs of hedging against exchange rate risk, increased competition due to price transparency, increased foreign trade, elimination of problems related to fluctuating exchange rates, low inflation, and benefits related to increased international role of the common European currency euro. Costs related the EMU and a common currency depend on the structure of Estonia's economy vis a vis other European economies.In general, if EMU member states have similar economic structures and economic problems, then the costs will be low, because a common EMU economic policy suit every country's individual needs.If this is not the case, then the costs of a common currency will be high.  Estonia's participation in euro area requires a fulfilment of the Maastricht convergnece criteria on interest rate, exchange rate, price stability as well as public debt.In respect of the government deficit and debt, succesfull economic reform and accompanying economic growth have created a situation wherein Estonia's debt burden is relatively small and the Estonian government can easily borrow money from international markets. Regarding to price stability, inflation rate in Estonia is still considerably above the level of Western European countries.Also, long-term interest rates still exceed the reference value of the EMU criterion.Finally, the criterion of exchange rate stability can be considered to be essentially fulfilled in Estonia because the kroon has already for five years been pegged to the Deutschemark, one of the most stable currencies in Europe.  If Estonia remains outside the official euro area after accession, the EMU will still have an enormous impact on its economic and monetary policies.For Estonia, as well as for all new member states, the pursuit of strict macroeconomic and fiscal policies is of essential importance.  Keywords:Estonia, EMU, EU, integration, enlargement, monetary policy .
The paper estimates the Monetary Condition Indices (MCIs) for three EU accession countries: the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia and assesses the relative importance of interest rates and of the exchange rate in the transmission of monetary policy.The calculated MCI ratios indicate that the exchange rate has surprisingly little influence on the Slovakian economy.The MCI ratio for the Czech Republic is very much comparable to that of small EU countries.Poland seems to be extremely sensitive to changes in the exchange rate.However, estimations appear to be quite sensitive to different specifications, and therefore should be treated with caution. Key words: Monetary policy, Monetary Condition Index, the Czech Republic, Poland, Slovakia .
Contesting human remains in museum collections : the crisis of cultural authority
Rewritten, expanded and fully updated, MRM5 encompasses all that needs to be known and done when a museum accessions, measures, marks, moves, and displays or stores an object/artifact of any kind. MRM5 includes expert advice from more than 60 acknowledged leaders in their disciplines. New with the 5th edition are special teaching sections that challenge students and seasoned staff alike with questions about the process and procedures of accessioning and caring for objects.
Open access and the future of scholarly communication : policy and infrastructure
Dollarization and monetary policy in Russia
The voice of the people : letters from the Soviet village, 1918-1932
Oulunsalon taidekirja 2002 : Oulunsalon kunnan taideteokset = Oulunsalo art book  2002 : works of art owned by Oulunsalo municipality
Some implications of EU membership on Baltic monetary and  exchange rate policies
The article provides an overall review of different aspects of financial-industrial groups (FIGs) in Russia.The review first explores the developments during the Russian economic reform that lead to the emergence of FIGs, highlights the legal basis and actual reasons for creating them, and gives an assessment of various elements of the state's policy to promote FIGs.The article further provides aggregate information on and a full register of FIGs created along the official path, and characterises some of the large de facto FIGs that were formed outside official policies and procedures.A judgement to focus the state's FIG policy is also given. Keywords: financial-industrial groups, FIGs, Russian banks, Russian industry, restructuring, oligarchs .
Russian Monetary Policy Since January 1992
Financial-industrial groups (FIGs) and their roles in the  Russian economy
Fiscal transition in the Baltics
Who owns objects? : the ethics and politics of collecting cultural artefacts : proceedings of the first St Cross - All Souls seminar series and workshop, Oxford, October-December 2004
The monetary sector under a currency board arrangement / Specification and estimation of a model with Estonian  data
This paper examines two regions of the Russian Federation, Novgorod and Pskov, to compare how differences in economic policy affect economic development.Despite common histories, geography and natural resources, Novgorod committed early on in reform to policies that would attract foreign investments in production. Pskov, on the other hand, drew back into protectionist policies until it was clear that efforts to increase domestic and foreign investment levels were needed.Using available statistics, we consider the reasoning that led these regions down such distinctly different economic policy paths. Keywords: Russia, regions, economic policy .
Scandinavian museums and cultural diversity
Is there a 'new deal' in state-business relations in Russia?
China's inflationary pressures and their impact on inflation in euro area
China's renminbi exchange rate has closely tracked the US dollar for over a decade.Although the peg has served the Chinese economy well, the recent depreciation of the US dollar and China's rapid economic development have increased discussion of other possible exchange regime options for China.In this paper, we contribute to the discussion by considering some of the options available to China in the light of recent theoretical and empirical work on exchange rates.Keywords: China, monetary policy, exchange rate regime .
From the Soviet Union to the European Union / The political  economy of Estonian trade policy reforms, 1991-2000
A review of the economic press and literature reveals that there is little research and analysis on the important issue of the Chinese governmental debt and budget deficits. This is astonishing since the Chinese economy has by now climbed to the second position in global GDP ranking. Thus, China's government debt matters increasingly to the rest of the world as well, both in a corporate and a macroeconomic perspective.  Furthermore, not enough is known about the real size of the total Chinese government debt. Insufficient statistical transparency is an important reason for this shortcoming, but this should not serve as an excuse. Increasing efforts are needed to provide China and the rest of the world with better information on the real state of Chinese government debt.  In this paper, an attempt is made to explain and discuss the real situation when it comes to the Chinese government debt. The current Greek/Southern European debt misery clearly shows that opaque statistics cannot be hidden away forever without sooner or later puzzling and/or frightening the financial markets. On the other hand, China cannot be analyzed completely with Western eyes.  The sooner Chinese decision-makers decide on greater transparency in the government debt situation, and decisive steps towards more efficient fiscal policy are taken, the better the consequences for China itself and the global economy. The alternative - continuous opaqueness and a possible future fiscal explosion - could certainly do a lot of harm to China, but also to the global economy. There is no reason to underestimate this medium and long-term risk. The short-term perspective looks safer.  There should be room for a greater exchange of views and co-operation between EU and China, too. The EU's own bad experience from the past few years could be a realistic starting point.  JEL Classifications: D02, D82, H70, H74, O53, P35 .
European institutions : basic instruments : compendium
We provide a brief overview of recent developments in the Indian macroeconomy, including aspects of the real economy, price developments, and monetary and fiscal policies.The picture that emerges is one of a rapidly growing economy, supported by strong domestic demand and credit flows.The economic boom has dragged the current account into deficit, while output growth has broadened to encompass the industrial sector.Fiscal deficit ratios have recently declined due to a rapid increase in the level of GDP, but public sector imbalances remain high, constraining necessary investments in health, education, physical infrastructure and overall poverty reduction. Keywords: India, economic growth, monetary policy, fiscal policy .
Soviet posters : the Sergo Grigorian collection
The short and variable lags of Russian monetary policy
To implement any large-scale, radical transformation, it is important to set a clear strategic goal from the start and enunciate the basic means by which such a goal is to be met.In the case of reform of Russia's international economic relations, however, the notion of long-range strategy is seldom applied.The author contends that this remarkable absence of stated strategy results from a tendency of Russian leadership to focus on short-term manoeuvres with regard to international economic policy. .
Abstract (s. 9).
Leading cases and materials on the social policy of the EEC
Freedom, rhythm and sound : revolutionary jazz & the civil rights movement 1963-82
Russia's international economic strategy : a general  assessment
This study examines the Russian public finance system. It provides a description of the main fiscal reforms introduced by the Government from the moment of dissolution of the USSR, which enabled a reduction in the economy's dependency on nonrenewable resources. In scrutinizing the fiscal stabilization, we conduct a fiscal impulse factor analysis and estimate the degree of the fiscal-policy cyclicality in the period 2000-2013. The estimates show fiscal policy was procyclical in 2006-2008 and stabilizing during the rest of the period. The study also discusses fiscal sustainability issues for the period up to 2050 under two socio-economic scenarios. The size of the necessary fiscal consolidation under the current fiscal strategy is calculated and an alternative strategy is investigated.  Keywords: fiscal framework, fiscal policy, fiscal sustainability, Russia .
Transformation of Czechoslovakia's economy: results, prospects, open issues
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
Consent practices and biomedical knowledge production in tissue economies
Our art : the reasoning for the acquisition and placing of the public sculptures of the Jyväskylä City Art Collection in 1977-2007
A satirist, a scoffer : Honoré Daumier (1808-1879), the master of French caricature : Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest, 11 October 2012 - 3 March 2013 / [curator of the exhibition and author of the catalogue Zsuzsa Gonda]
A few observations on the monetary and exchange rate policies  of transition economies
Russia has cleared an important hurdle in its path to membership of the World Trade Organization (WTO), the signing of the bilateral agreement with the United States.It will still take some months at minimum to finalize Russian membership, and even longer for the effects of membership to be realized.Russia's progress in the WTO negotiations is an important positive sign for international actors of the country's willingness to further integrate with the global economy.Russia has committed to lowering its average import tariff on agricultural and industrial goods by 3 percentage points, but with transition periods.Russia will also liberalize its service sector, but still reserve the right to some restrictions.It is widely believed that WTO membership will have a positive impact on Russia's economic development by enhancing competition and efficiency in the economy and by increasing foreign direct investment (FDI) flows to Russia.Some fears have also been expressed on the ability of domestic companies to survive with the growing competitive pressure.The consequences of future membership will not, however, be dramatic or instantaneous. Keywords: Russia, WTO, trade policy .
Customer-based collection development : an overview
This paper briefly examines the sustainability of the Russian fiscal policy.Russia has run quite large general government deficits during the transition years.Some simple simulations show that the present policies are not sustainable in the medium-term, unless economic growth accelerates significantly and real interest rate declines.If these positive developments do not materialize, Russia must tighten her fiscal policy.  Keywords: Fiscal policy, public debt, Russia .
Civic space/cyberspace : the American public library in the information age
Library collection development policies : school libraries and learning resource centers
Russian fiscal framework: past, present and future. : do we need a change?
India has frequently been referred to as the country with the largest economic growth potential in the world after China.Many commentators seem to think its role in the world economy is already comparable to that of China.However, a closer look at merchandise trade, market share developments, and foreign investment figures reveals that India is still far behind China as far as international influence is concerned.An interesting exception is services trade, where India already plays an important global role due to recent fast growth of offshore outsourcing.Despite of the vitality of this sector, its weight in the Indian as well as in the global economy is relatively small.In general, India's economy and economic policy are still relatively inward looking and it seems unlikely that India will become a major driver of the world economy in the current decade.However, depending on India's economic policy and reforms, the situation in the next decade may already be quite different. Key words: India, China, economic growth, economic policy, foreign trade .
Sisällysluettelo: Troubled Relations  5 No Agenda  7 Asymmetry  8 The Post-Cold War World  8 The Future of the Relationship  9  .
Assessment of the euro's implications for economic  development in the Central and Eastern Europe
Water reuse system management manual : aquarec
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
Russian financial markets and monetary policy instruments
This paper examines the political economy of Estonian trade policy in the 1990s.Estonia is a unique case in the world economy, in that the country rapidly implemented unilateral free trade after regaining independence and sustained it right through the 1990s.We analyse the circumstances, interests, ideas and institutions that have shaped Estonian trade policy during the past decade.Our stress is on institutions, particularly the national decision-making setting for trade policy.Through this prism we try to understand how a free trade regime was implemented and sustained, and what this experience suggests for the feasibility of free trade elsewhere.We also look at the increasingly "multi-track' nature of Estonian trade policy through bilateral free trade agreements, WTO accession and, especially, the movement towards EU accession.Although the other trade policy tracks to some extent provide a lock-in for unilateral reforms, we argue that EU accession is undermining the simple, classical liberal trade policy regime that existed during the 1990s. Keywords: trade policy, free trade, political economy, Estonia, FTAs, WTO, EU .
This paper assesses empirically the lag between changes in money supply and inflation in Russia during the economic transition.In line with the previous literature, we find that money supply changes affect inflation with a fairly short lag.In addition to this, we find tentative evidence for some lengthening of the lag as the transition has progressed.However, these results are not very robust, and the lags that are found to be significant are generally shorter than those found in the earlier literature. Keywords: Inflation, monetary policy, Russia .
The European competition rules : landmark cases of the European Courts and the Commission
Competition law in the EEC and in ECSC : (situation at 31 December 1985)
Who owns the past? : cultural policy, cultural property, and the law
Selected aspects of monetary integration
