http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2857 lying (dishonesty)
lying (dishonesty)
The first true lie
Franklin goes to the hospital, Franklin and the Tooth Fairy ; Finders keepers for Franklin
The body language of liars : from little white lies to pathological deception : how to see through the fibs, frauds, and falsehoods people tell you every day
Towards a theory of true and false intentions
In real life : love, lies & identity in the digital age
Pretty girls
Truth games : lies, money, and psychoanalysis
"Thomas Carson offers the most comprehensive and up-to-date investigation of moral and conceptual questions about lying and deception. Part I addresses conceptual questions and offers definitions of lying, deception, and related concepts such as withholding information, 'keeping someone in the dark', and 'half truths'. Part II deals with questions in ethical theory. Carson argues that standard debates about lying and deception between act-utilitarians and their critics are inconclusive because they rest on appeals to disputed moral intuitions. He defends a version of the golden rule and a theory of moral reasoning. His theory implies that there is a moral presumption against lying and deception that causes harm - a presumption at least as strong as that endorsed by act-utilitarianism. He uses this theory to justify his claims about the issues he addresses in Part III: deception and withholding information in sales, deception in advertising, bluffing in negotiations, the duties of professionals to inform clients, lying and deception by leaders as a pretext for fighting wars, and lying and deception about history (with special attention to the Holocaust), and cases of distorting the historical record by telling half-truths. Carson concludes with a qualified defence of the view that honesty is a virtue."--BOOK JACKET.
From hire to liar : the role of deception in the workplace
The perfectionists
Game of thrones and philosophy : logic cuts deeper than swords
The boy who cried ninja
True story : murder, memoir, mea culpa
The Tiger Woods syndrome  : why men prowl and how not to become the prey
Your fathers, where are they? And the prophets, do they live forever? : a novel
Perfect
Some lie and some die
Burned : a pretty little liars novel
I want my hat back
On bullshit
"Believe me, I am just a harmless tourist" : identifying individuals and pairs who are lying and telling the truth about their intentions
Telling lies : clues to deceit in the marketplace, politics, and marriage
Forging a friendship based on their mutual hatred of a philandering boy, five girls imagine a perfect way to kill him and must prove their innocence when he is killed in the exact manner they envisioned.
I love you Phillip Morris
Pig the fibber
Why we lie : the evolutionary roots of deception and the unconscious mind
Lying, misleading, and what is said : an exploration in philosophy of language and in ethics
Perfect : a pretty little liars novel
The truth according to Arthur
The detection of deception in forensic contexts
This is your life
Deceit, delusion, and detection
The gravedigger's daughter
Simon & the oaks
Lies we live by : defeating double-talk and deception in advertising, politics and the media
The virtues of mendacity : on lying in politics
Lies and deception : a cultural comparison between Finland and Italy
Interrogating to detect deception and truth : effects of strategic use of evidence
Flawless
Only daughter
Deception detection : moderating factors and accuracy
Ali's pretty little lies
Managers and lying: Constructing a framework for empirical analysis
The whopper
The other half of me
Pretty girls : a novel
Beautiful untrue things : the art of contradiction in Oscar Wilde's The decay of lying
Another waltz
Hume's morality : feeling and fabrication
Estranged for years after the disappearance of their sister, trophy wife Claire and struggling single mom Lydia are reunited by the murder of Claire's husband and investigate decades of family secrets to discover the truth.
Lying and deception : theory and practice
The confidence game : the psychology of the con and why we fall for it every time
"Getting someone to tell the truth is an essential skill that very few people possess. In the boardroom, classroom, or our own homes, every day we interact with others and try to get the truth from them. People are often untruthful out of fear of negative consequences associated with divulging information. But if a person is made to forget the long-term outcomes, he or she can be influenced to disclose sensitive information that's being withheld. The aim is to encourage the person to remain in short-term thinking mode, shifting focus away from the long-term ramifications of telling the truth. As former CIA agents and bestselling authors of Spy the Lie, Philip Houston, Mike Floyd, and Susan Carnicero are among the world's best at recognizing deceptive behavior and eliciting the truth from even the most accomplished liars. Get the Truth is a step-by-step guide that empowers readers to elicit the truth from others. It also chronicles the fascinating story of how the authors used a methodology Houston developed to elicit the truth in the counterterrorism and criminal investigation realms, and how these techniques can be applied to our daily lives. Using thrilling anecdotes from their careers in counterintelligence, and with easy-to-follow instructions, the authors provide a foolproof means of getting absolutely anybody to give an honest answer. Get the Truth is the easy and effective way to learn how to get the truth every time"--
Hillsborough : the truth
The associate
Lies across America : what our historic sites get wrong
The time of my life
Ruth tells the truth
Pretty little liars
Brain fiction : self-deception and the riddle of confabulation
Dishonesty inspires more euphemisms than copulation or defecation. This helps desensitize us to its implications. In the post-truth era we don't just have truth and lies but a third category of ambiguous statements that are not exactly the truth but fall just short of a lie. Enhanced truth it might be called. Neo-truth. Soft truth. Faux truth. Truth lite." Deception has become the modern way of life. Where once the boundary line between truth and lies was clear and distinct, it is no longer so. In the post-truth era, deceiving others has become a challenge, a game, a habit. High-profile dissemblers compete for news coverage, from journalists like Jayson Blair and professors like Joseph Ellis to politicians (of all stripes), executives, and "creative" accountants. Research suggests that the average American tells multiple lies on a daily basis, often for no good reason. Not a finger-wagging scolding, The Post-Truth Era is a combination of Ralph Keyes's investigative journalism and solid science. The result is a spirited exploration of why we lie about practically everything and the consequences such casual dishonesty has on society. American society has become permeated from top to bottom by deception. Its consequences for the nature of public discourse, media, business, literature, academia, and politics are profound. With dry humor, passionate fervor, and deep understanding, Ralph Keyes takes us on a tour of a world where truth and honesty are no longer absolutes but mutable, fluid concepts.
Who programmed you?
The liar's tale : a history of falsehood
Bullshit and philosophy : guaranteed to get perfect results every time
Spy the lie : former CIA officers teach you how to detect deception
Why we lie
Before I go to sleep : a novel
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
the Four Franks
Before I go to sleep
Your Fathers, Where Are They is Dave Eggers' brilliantly executed story of one man struggling to make sense of the world. In a barracks on an abandoned military base, miles from the nearest road, Thomas watches as the man he has brought wakes up. Kev, a NASA astronaut, doesn't recognize his captor, though Thomas remembers him. Kev cries for help. He pulls at the chain. But the ocean is close by, and nobody can hear him over the waves and wind. Thomas apologizes. He didn't want to have to resort to this. But they really needed to have a conversation, and Kev didn't answer his messages. And now, if Kev can just stop yelling, Thomas has a few questions.
The (honest) truth about dishonesty : how we lie to everyone - especially ourselves
Brilliant body language
Textual analysis : a scientific approach for assessing cases of sexual abuse. Vol. 2, Cases of younger children, including a case of alleged necrophilia, and the shortcomings of judicial logic
The boy who cried ninja / Alex Latimer
Truth, lies and trust on the Internet
Perfect : pretty little liars
The post-truth era : dishonesty and deception in contemporary life
Evaluation of theft, lying and fighting in adolescence
The escort - seuralainen
Swedish summary.
Dork diaries : party time
The adventures of Pinocchio / illustrated by Art Studium
Love and lies : and why you can't have one without the other
Truth & truthfulness : an essay in genealogy
The lie tree
Detecting lies about past and future actions : the strategic use of evidence (SUE) technique and suspects' strategies
Lies!, lies!!, lies!!! : the psychology of deceit
A pack of lies : towards a sociology of lying
Get the truth : former CIA officers teach you how to persuade anyone to tell all
Matters of the heart
What I loved
Metaphorically speaking
Perceived social acceptability of deception as a function of culture, motive and relationship : a cross-cultural study of majority speech communities in Finland, China and the United States
Advances in experimental social psychology
Lies (and the lying liars who tell them) : a fair and balanced look at the right
