http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28583 wedding songs
wedding songs
Jazz for weddings
Traditional & popular wedding music collection
Classic love songs
Russian traditional folk song
12 wedding solos. Low voice
Songs beyond the Kalevala : transformations of oral poetry
The maiden's death song & the great wedding : Anne Vabarna's oral twin epic written down by A.O. Väisänen
Sing solo sacred : 40 favourite songs and arias : for low voice and organ or piano
Serbo-Croatian heroic songs. 3, The weddings of Smailagić Meho
Seek and ye shall find - but you do have to seek
Metrical considerations on wedding laments sung on the Šun'ga Peninsula
Wedding sheet music hits : piano, vocal, chords
Pens, swords, and the springs of art : the oral poetry dueling of Palestinian weddings in Galilee
Unearthing gender : folksongs of North India
A royal tribute : music performed at the wedding of HRH Prince William and Kate Middleton April 29 2011.
The Complete traditional wedding album for organ, keyboard and voice
The New Complete Book of Wedding Music : Original Sheet Music Editions in Three Categories : Standard, Classical, Popular
Fol'klor Belorusov Sibiri i Dal'nego Vostoka. Čast' 1, Cemejno-obrâdovye pesni i pričitaniâ = Byelorussian folklore of Siberia and the Far East. The First Part, Family and ritual songs and laments
Sing solo sacred : 40 favourite songs and arias for low voice and organ or piano
Mass of the children
Wedding album
The essential wedding collection
Folklore in Northwest China
The ultimate guide to wedding music
Great wedding : songs & hymns
I can play that!. Wedding music
The grief of "eternal separation" : young maidens leaving home
The Wedding & love collection
The big book of love and wedding songs
Wedding songs : 50 songs : includes complete lyrics, chord symbols & guitar chord diagrams
12 wedding solos. High voice
A royal tribute : music performed at the wedding of HRH Prince William and Kate Middleton April 29 2011
Love and marriage : wedding songbook
Suomalaista toiveohjelmistoa pianolle : Finnish favourites for piano
Three Russian lyric folk song meters
Songs for the bride : wedding rites of rural India
Wedding classics low voice
Wedding songs for vocal duet
Planning the music for your wedding
Traditional music in Baltic countries
Summary in English.
Song in ritual context : North Karelian wedding songs
Wedding classics
Music for a royal wedding
Well-tempered weddings : the complete wedding book for pianists
Duo The Heak
The ultimate Christian wedding music kit : contempory music, planning tips and more for the perfect wedding!
The Musicians' gig library : Music for all occasions : Wedding & special events
Wedding reception : 54 songs
