http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28595 Apache Hadoop
Apache Hadoop
Hadoop: the definitive guide ; [MapReduce for the cloud]
Hadoop : the definitive guide
"Big Data represents a new era in data exploration and utilization, and IBM is uniquely positioned to help clients navigate this transformation. This book reveals how IBM is leveraging open source Big Data technology, infused with IBM technologies, to deliver a robust, secure, highly available, enterprise-class Big Data platform. The three defining characteristics of Big Data-volume, variety, and velocity-are discussed. You'll get a primer on Hadoop and how IBM is hardening it for the enterprise, and learn when to leverage IBM InfoSphere BigInsights (Big Data at rest) and IBM InfoSphere Streams (Big Data in motion) technologies. Industry use cases are also included in this practical guide."--p. 4 of cover.
"Need to move a relational database application to Hadoop? This comprehensive guide introduces you to Apache Hive, Hadoop's data warehouse infrastructure. You'll quickly learn how to use Hive's SQL dialect- Hive QL- to summarize, query, and analyze large datasets stored in Hadoop's distributed filesystem. This example-driven guide shows you how to set up and configure Hive in your environment, provides detailed overview of Hadoop and MapReduce, and demonstrates how Hive works within the Hadoop ecosystem. You'll also find real-world case studies that describe how companies have used Hive to solve unique problems involving petabyes of data."--P. [4] of cover.
Role of information systems and DNA fingerprinting in crime investigation
Development of a system for recommendation and search via cloud computing
Hadoop in action
Understanding big data : analytics for enterprise class Hadoop and streaming data
Realization of Big Data Analytics Tool for optimization processes within the Finnish engineering company
Hadoop in practice
A Research of resource scheduling algorithm based on hadoop
Apache Hadoop YARN : moving beyond MapReduce and batch processing with Apache Hadoop 2
