http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28587 folklore archives
folklore archives
Kalevalaic poetry as a digital corpus
The Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
Self-taught collectors of folklore and their challenge to archival authority
Folklore archives, heritage politics and ethical dilemmas : notes on writing and printing
Working class lore in Finnish archives
Cultural identity and challenges of the folklore archives
Metaphors in Finnish sexual folk poetry : constructing sexual body and sex in the Kalevala-metre
Lost in intersemiotic translation? : the problem of context in folk narratives in the archive
Family collections in the archives of Latvian folklore
Safeguarding and the use of archive materials
Folklore and oral tradition
Tradition archives in the national information system
Oral history and digital humanities : voice, access, and engagement
Cultural conditions for fieldwork and archiving
History of oral history : foundations and methodology
Seoda as Cnuasach Bhéaloideas Éireann = Treasures of the National Folklore Collection
Folklore research at the Institute of Lithuanian Literature and Folklore in Vilnius, Lithuania
Two questionnaires on fieldwork and archiving
Folklore Fellows' Summer School 2015 : Doing folkloristics in the digital age
Input & output : the process of fieldwork, archiving and research in folklore
Die heutige Bedeutung oraler Traditionen : ihre Archivierung, Publikation und Index-Erschlissung = The present-day importance of oral traditions : their preservation, publication and indexing
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
Perspectives to the relations between the Estonian Folklore Archives and the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
NIF's second archive and documentation conference in Turku, January 1978.
Abstract: Encounters with the past : a study of the construction of folk poetry sources and their interpretations.
"Most of your questionnaires are terrible to work with"
FFSS99, Workshop III : principles of fieldwork and archiving
Creating diversities : folklore, religion and the politics of heritage
Archives forget little but learn slowly : the Finnish Literature Society Archives computerise
Folklore research at the University of Rostock : the Wossidlo Archive, its development and present situation
Indigenous notions of ownership and libraries, archives and museums
The Archives of Kiswahili language and folklore
English summaries.
Local informants and collaborators : examples from the Folklife Archive in Lund
Possibilities and limitations : a critical look at a Norwegian tradition archive
The Estonian Folklore Archive
A handbook for social science field research : essays & bibliographic sources on research design and methods
The digital era is here
Introduction / Douglas A. Boyd and Mary A. Larson. Part I. Orality/aurality. Oral history in the age of digital possibilities / William Schneider. Why do we call it oral history? : refocusing on orality/aurality in the digital age / Sherna Berger Gluck. Adventures in sound : aural history, the digital revolution, and the making of " 'I can almost see the lights of home' : a field trip to Harlan County Kentucky" / Charles Hardy III. "I just want to click on it to listen" : oral history archives, orality and usability / Douglas A. Boyd. Part II. Discovery and discourse. Beyond the transcript : oral history as pedagogy / Marjorie McLellan. Notes from the field : digital history and oral history / Gerald Zahavi. Densho : the Japanese American Legacy Project / Tom Ikeda. Deconstruction without destruction : creating metadata for oral history in a digital world / Elinor Mazé. "We all begin with a story" : discovery and discourse in the digital realm / Mary A. Larson. Part III. Oral history and digital humanities perspectives. Swimming in the exaflood : oral history as information in the digital age / Stephen Sloan. [O]ral [h]istory and the [d]igital [h]umanities" / Dean Rehberger.
Catalogues of Finnish anecdotes and historical, local and religious legends
Dansk Folkemindesamling (DFS) = the National Collection of Folklore in Copenhagen
Narrative and genre
Folklore and modern Irish writing
A guide to Nordic tradition archives
The lifespan of archival material : legal and ethical issues in cultural studies
Inclusion and exclusion of Roma in the category of Finnish folklore : the collections of the Finnish Literature Society from the 1800s to the 2000s
Historical sources and source criticism : ICTM study group on historical sources : proceedings from the 17th international conference in Stockholm, Sweden May 21-25, 2008
The folklore collections of the Finnish Literature Society
Magic narratives as dialogue between archives and rural inhabitants in Finland 1880-1960
The road to the archives
"To work, to life or to death" : studies in working class lore
Traditional music in Baltic countries
Language, tradition and identity : proceedings of the international seminar held in Dar-es-Salaam 1-3.4.1992
NIF's third conference on archiving and documentation : Copenhagen, Denmark, September 21-23, 1982.
The institutions of the labour movement heritage in Finland
Öresund links : a project by the Lund University Folklife Archives
Archives for the future : global perspectives on audiovisual archives in the 21st century
The Estonian Folklore Archives
From the field to the net : analysing, cataloguing and digitising the material in the Saami folklore project
Québec : ethnologie du proche = ethnology at home
Photography in Danish folklore research (1839-1950)
Iso karhu : arkistokuvia etäisten kielisukulaistemme asuinsijoilta = The great bear : old photographs of the Volga-Finnic, Permian Finnic and Ob-Ugrian peoples
Folk heritage collections in crisis
On the archival heritage of the Finnish Canadian working-class movement : a researcher's guide and inventory to the Finnish Organization of Canada Collection at the National Archives of Canada
Folklore archives of the Udmurt Institute of History, Language and Literature of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
