http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28579 radio history
radio history
Fry's English delight. Series 6
A social history of British broadcasting. Volume 1, 1922-1939 : serving the nation
History of international broadcasting
Dragons of silk, flowers of gold : a group of Liao-Dynasty textiles at the Abegg-Stiftung
The history of broadcasting in the United Kingdom. 1, The birth of broadcasting
Louisiana hayride : radio and roots music along the Red River
Fry's English delight. Series 2
" The author provides many insights into the early days of the medium as it grappled with entertaining an audience based on a single sense (hearing)"--Provided by publisher.
Cold war broadcasting : impact on the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe : a collection of studies and documents
Time restored : the Harrison timekeepers and R.T. Gould, the man who knew (almost) everything
A history of broadcasting in the United States. Vol. 1, A tower in Babel : to 1933
Music machines - American style : a catalog of the exhibition
Old radio sets
Hans Keller and the BBC : the musical conscience of British broadcasting, 1959-79
Nashville's Grand Ole Opry : the first fifty years 1925-1975
Peat growth and garbon accumulation rates during the holocene in boreal mires
News and journalism in the UK : a textbook
Advertising in the broadcast and cable media
The culture of the Europeans : from 1800 to the present
News for everyman : radio and foreign affairs in thirties America
"This book describes the dangerous Cold War world of the Munich stations, focusing on security and intelligence problems. Chapters provide a history of Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty. Appendices provide copies of security reports and documents which have never appeared in print, and an overall summary of hostile intelligence activities"--Provided by publisher.
Broadcasting and society 1918-1939
Closed circuits : the sellout of Canadian television
A seamless robe : broadcasting, philosophy, and practice
History of wireless
Yleisradio 1926-1996 : a history of broadcasting in Finland
Life stories
A history of Swedish broadcasting : communicative ethos, genres and institutional change
The broadcast century and beyond : a biography of American broadcasting
Sound design : classic audio & hi-fi design
Fidelity matters : sound media and realism in the 20th century
When television became the next big thing in broadcast entertainment, everyone figured video would kill the radio star-and radio, period. But radio came roaring back with a whole new concept. Visionary entrepreneurs like Todd Storz pioneered the Top 40 concept, which united a generation. But it took trendsetting disc jockeys like Alan Freed, Murray the K, Wolfman Jack, Cousin Brucie, and their fast-talking, too-cool-for-school counterparts across the land to turn time, temperature, and the same irresistible hit tunes played again and again into the ubiquitous sound track of the fifties and sixties. The Top 40 sound broke through racial barriers, galvanized coming-of-age kids (scandalizing their perplexed parents), and provided the insistent, inescapable backbeat for times that were a-changin'.Along with rock-and-roll music came the attitude that would change the voice of radio forever, via the likes of raconteur Jean Shepherd, who captivated his loyal following of ʺNight Peopleʺ; the inimitable Bob Fass, whose groundbreaking Radio Unnameable inaugurated the anything-goes free-form style that would define the alternative frontier of FM; and a small-time Top 40 deejay who would ultimately find national fame as a political talk-show host named Rush Limbaugh.From Hunter Hancock, who pushed beyond the limits of 1950s racial segregation with rhythm and blues and hepcat patter, to Howard Stern, who blew through all the limits with a blue streak of outrageous on-air antics; from the heyday of summer songs that united carefree listeners to the latter days of political talk that divides contentious callers; from the haze of classic rock to the latest craze in hip-hop, Something in the Air chronicles the extraordinary evolution of the unique and timeless medium that captured our hearts and minds, shook up our souls, tuned in - and turned on - our consciousness, and went from being written off to rewriting the rules of pop culture. Disproving the notion that a new technology would wipe out old media, radio survived, changing itself and the nation. Book jacket.
Music breaks in : essays on music radio and radio music in Finland
Also includes information on AM radio, advertising, baseball, Beatles, black music, classical music, Clear Channel communications, deejays, country and western music, Raechel Donahue, Tom Donahue, drug culture, Federal Communications Commission Robert Morton Fass, FM radio, Internet, jazz, Hunter Hancock, jingles, Garrison Keillor, marijuana, Motown Records, MoveOn.org, National Public Radio (NPR), oldies, Pacifica Foundation, popular songs, promotions, race music, records, rock and roll, satellite technology, satire, Jean Shepard, shock jocks, sound effects, sportscasts, station managers, talk radio, Vietnam War, WABC, etc.
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
The history of broadcasting in the United Kingdom. 2, The golden age of wireless
Astronomy transformed : the emergence of radio astronomy in Britain
Between truth and time : a history of Soviet Central Television
OIRT Technical Commission : historical volume
Kouluradio 50 = Skolradio 50 = School radio 50
Words at war : World War II era radio drama and the postwar broadcasting industry blacklist
Saleable compromises : quality cultures in Finnish and US commercial radio
Wireless : the crucial decade : history of the British wireless industry 1924-34
An introductory history of British broadcasting
Inventing American broadcasting, 1899-1922
Täällä Amerikka... : the Voice of America calling Finland : an essay on USA shortwave radio broadcasting to Finland 1942-1945, 1951-1953
Selling the sixties : the pirates and pop music radio
Russia in the microphone age : a history of Soviet radio, 1919-1970
The radio : an appreciation
Selling radio : the commercialization of American broadcasting 1920-1934
A history of broadcasting in the United States. Vol. 3, The image empire : from 1953
Radio reader : essays in the cultural history of radio
Understanding radio
Music in the air : America's changing tastes in popular music, 1920-1980
Arturo Toscanini : the NBC years
World communications : a 200-country survey of press, radio, television and film
Cold War radio : the dangerous history of American broadcasting in Europe, 1950-1989
Broadcasting freedom : the Cold War triumph of Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty
Power without responsibility : the press and broadcasting in Britain
Telecommunications, mass media, and democracy : the battle for the control of U.S. broadcasting, 1928-1935
The licensing of radio services in the United States, 1927 to 1947 : a study in administrative formulation of policy
Something in the air : radio, rock, and the revolution that shaped a generation
Louis MacNeice : the classical radio plays
From Archibald MacLeish to David Sedaris, radio storytelling has long borrowed from the world of literature, yet the narrative radio work of well-known writers and others is a story that has not been told before. And when the literary aspects of specific programs such as The War of the Worlds or Sorry, Wrong Number were considered, scrutiny was superficial. In Lost Sound, Jeff Porter examines the vital interplay between acoustic techniques and modernist practices in the growth of radio. Concentrating on the 1930s through the 1970s, but also speaking to the rising popularity of today's narrative broadcasts such as This American Life, Radiolab, Serial, and The Organicist, Porter's close readings of key radio programs show how writers adapted literary techniques to an acoustic medium with great effect. Addressing avant-garde sound poetry and experimental literature on the air, alongside industry policy and network economics, Porter identifies the ways radio challenged the conventional distinctions between highbrow and lowbrow cultural content to produce a dynamic popular culture.
Leap days : chronicles of a midlife move
Desert Island Discs : 70 years of castaways from one of BBC Radio 4's best-loved programmes
Radio drama : theory and practice
Radio : the life story of a technology
A history of broadcasting in the United States. Vol. 2, The golden web : 1933 to 1953
The broadcast century : a biography of American broadcasting
The art of Radio Times : the first sixty years
Radio sound effects : who did it, and how, in the era of live broadcasting
Public television in transition : a comparative and historical analysis of the BBC and the NRK
The hits just keep on coming : the history of Top 40 radio
Sound in the age of mechanical reproduction
This illustrated landmark book tells the absorbing story of Britain's favourite radio programme in all its rich and intriguing detail through an exclusive selection of just 100 castaways.
Orson Welles and the unfinished RKO projects : a postmodern perspective
The history of music machines
Radioactivity : a history of a mysterious science
A new way of dating prehistory
The history of broadcasting in the United Kingdom. 3, The war of words
The early history of radio : from Faraday to Marconi
American broadcasting : a source book on the history of radio and television
Reflections on public service broadcasting ; The rise of the modern press in Danmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
Marconi : the man who networked the world
The Peel sessions
Broadcast communication has had a profound effect on modern society in the 20th and early 21st centuries. A growing international field of research has examined the historical development of broadcasting within various social and historical contexts, but also has made significant contributions to the understanding of media communication in general. Central topics in this discussion concern the relationships between technological innovations, institutional arrangements, social relations and culture. This book analyses the historical developments of Swedish broadcasting from the introduction of radio in the mid-1920s until the early 2000s. In relation to international research, it explores key aspects of how broadcast media emerged as a way to communicate over distance, connected to audiences, and evolved into central institutions and socio-cultural universes in society. The chapters are arranged in five thematic sections focusing on the invention and early development of radio and television, audience orientation, professional practices, broadcast genres, and institutional changes. The book derives from a large-scale research programme on Swedish broadcast history comprising about 50 studies and led by the “Swedish Foundation of Broadcast Media History”. --Publisher's description.
Radio voices : American broadcasting, 1922-1952
Inside broadcasting ; Julian Newby
A history of broadcasting in the United States. 1, A Tower in Babel : To 1933
A century of X-rays and radioactivity in medicine : with emphasis on photographic records of the early years
Stay tuned : a history of American broadcasting
Seventy years of international broadcasting
Radioactivity in America : growth and decay of a science
New media and popular imagination : launching radio, television, and digital media in the United States
Voices of a nation : a history of mass media in the United States
Syntony and spark : the origins of radio
Lost sound : the forgotten art of radio storytelling
The beat fleet : the story behind the 60's 'pirate' radio stations
Teachers and machines : the classroom use of technology since 1920
This volume presents 11 radio scripts written and produced by Louis MacNeice over the span of his career at the BBC. This selection, all but one of which is published for the first time, illustrates the various ways that MacNeice re-worked ancient Greek and Roman history and literature for radio broadcast.
Radio modernism : literature, ethics, and the BBC, 1922-1938
