http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28683 poor theatre
poor theatre
Grotowski and his laboratory
Despite its international influence, Polish theatre remains a mystery to many Westerners. This volume attempts to fill in various gaps in English-language scholarship by offering a historical and critical analysis of two of the most influential works of Polish theatre: Jerzy Grotowski's 'Akropolis' and Tadeusz Kantor's 'Dead Class'. By examining each director's representation of Auschwitz, this study provides a new understanding of how translating national trauma through the prism of performance can alter and deflect the meaning and reception of theatrical works, both inside and outside their cultural and historical contexts.
The post-traumatic theatre of Grotowski and Kantor : history and Holocaust in Akropolis and the Dead Class
This collection of texts by Ludwik Flaszen, Grotowski's main collaborator and co-founder of the Teatr 13 Rzedow (later the Teatr Laboratorium), gathers together key texts, nearly all of which have never before been published in English. These include lectures, papers on issues such as actor training, as well as programme and explanatory texts on all the laboratory's performances (including Cain, Shakuntala, Forefathers' Eve, Kordian, Akropolis, The Tragical History of Dr Faustus, The Constant Prince, and Apocalypsis cum figuris). It provides insight into the concepts behind the practice of one of the twentieth-century theatre's leading lights, and will introduce the cultural, literary, and historical dimensions of his work. The texts will open up understanding for English-speaking students, academics and practitioners of the social and political constraints affecting Grotowski's working life, as well as the particular difficult and controlled circumstances in which Polish theatre artists operated, even whilst their theatre was seen to represent the pinnacle of theatrical achievement in the world. The book ranges across reflective papers, programme notes, polemical pieces, interviews, as well as critical reviews. Historically, it will focus mainly on the production period of Grotowski's work (1956-69), but will also include texts from other phases such as paratheatre (1969-76), as well as more recent pieces, including five written especially for the book. It comprises over thirty texts, as well as Allain's introduction and a short tribute by Eugenio Barba.
Grotowski's bridge made of memory : embodied memory, witnessing and transmission in the Grotowski work
Polish theatre director and performance researcher Jerzy Grotowski's work, while taking various forms and undergoing multiple transformations, is unified by a single underlying propulsion: the work on the self with and through the other. This book investigates Grotowski's broadly construed notion of self-development in order to grasp his complex understanding of human relationality. Dominika Laster analyzes core aspects of Grotowski's work such as body-memory, vigilance, witnessing, verticality, and transmission, arguing that these performance praxes involve a deliberate blurring of the boundaries of the self and other. This comprehensive study traces key thematic threads across all phases of Grotowski's research, examining lesser-known aspects of his praxis such as performance opuses structured around African and Afro-Caribbean traditional songs and ritual movement as well as textual material from the Christian Gnostic tradition. Laster demonstrates the ways in which Grotowski's long-term, rigorous practical work is an important paradigm of embodied research that continues to offer a rich area of inquiry within the field of performance studies. As an active process of research and questioning conducted through the "body-being" of the performer, the Grotowski work is a practical realization of the often highly theoretical and abstract discussions of one of the field's main preoccupations: embodied practice as a way of knowing.
