http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28698 stage space
stage space
The potentials of spaces : the theory practice of scenography & performance / [edited] by Alison Oddey and Christine White
The Freelancer's Guide to Corporate Event Design is the only book that will get the reader up to speed on the ever-changing and growing industry of corporate production. Written by one of the industry's leading designers, this book uses a candid and straightforward style to illustrate the process of designing a successful event. Learn the fundamentals of venue selection, rigging, lighting, audio, video, and scenic design with informative diagrams and detailed illustrations. This guide will show how to plan, design, and execute events of any size. Additionally, the designer will be armed with a strong knowledge of common mistakes, tips and tricks, and industry standards that will build and train a production team prepared for just about anything.
From its very beginnings, theatre has been both an art and a public space, shared by actors and spectators. As a result, its entity and history is intimately tied to politics: a politics of inclusion and exclusion, of distributions and placements, of spatial appropriation and utopian concepts. This collection examines what is at stake when a theatrical space is created and when a performance takes place; it asks under what circumstances the topology of theatre becomes political. The book approaches this issue from various angles, taking theatre as a cultural paradigm for political dimensions of space in its respective historical context. Visiting the political dimensions of theatrical space in both theatre history and contemporary performance, the volume responds to the so-called spatial turn in cultural and historical studies, and questions a politics of aesthetics that is discussed in continental philosophy. The book visits different levels and linkages between aesthetic theory and geography, art and sociology, architecture and political theory, and geometry and history, shedding new light on theatre, politics, and space, thereby transforming this historically intertwined triad into a transdisciplinary theme.
The ambit of performativity : how site makes meaning in site-specific performance
How does proximity between audiences and performers change the nature of live performance? How does it feel? How long can it last? How close is too close? Exploring the rise of close encounter, immersive productions that shine a light on performer-audience relationships, this book considers the impact of space and proximity in live performance. Drawing on their experience as internationally acclaimed performance artists, Leslie Hill and Helen Paris richly document their creative processes, performances and audience's responses in a series of illuminating case studies. Relating their practice to wider issues in contemporary performance and detailing workshop exercises that aid performance making, this unique fusion of artistic and academic reflection is crucial reading for students, scholars and practitioners alike.
The theatrical space
Performance theory
Stage design throughout the world since 1950
Rooms in dramatic realism
Freelancer's guide to corporate event design : from technology fundamentals to scenic and environmental design
Performing proximity : curious intimacies
The open space : theatre as opportunity for living
Staging space : scenic interiors and spatial experiences
"Dramatic Spaces explores the effect of traditional theatrical design on the ways in which drama is understood and interpreted. By marrying theater history with literary analysis, and charting subtle shifts in the role of the audience over time, Jennifer Low shows the rich dimensions that can be overlooked when drama is treated solely as text rather than performance. Elements of semiotics, phenomenology, spatial theory, proxemics, theater history, stage design, theories of visual perception combine with case studies from Moholy Nagy to Plautus and Shakespeare to Albee demonstrate the complex relationships between text and spatiality that play such a huge role in an audience's experience"--
Special event production. The resources
Dramatic spaces : scenography and spectatorial perceptions
Dramatic Realism, since its birth in the hectic late years of the nineteenth century, gave theatrical and thematic energy to the interaction between a play's text and the way that it looked on the stage. Characters began to find themselves in rooms and settings that played an active and changing role in the drama, and their dialogue and reactions evolved in time with these changes. As life itself became more elaborate during the 20th Century, so these rooms were invaded and then defined by the outside world. Fred Miller Robinson's enjoyable and stimulating essays on this enduring genre tackle the dreams and anxieties of the middles classes of the Industrial Revolution – dreams of domestic comfort and refuge, and anxieties about how entrapping that comfort could be. Moving from Ibsen to Chekhov and onwards into later plays in which the reality of 'Realism' comes under scrutiny, this is a book to dip into before a performance or to study during a class.
Special event production : the resources
Musical design in Sophoclean theater
Staged - a stage to dwell
Performance and the politics of space : theatre and topology
Live architecture : venues, stages, and arenas for popular music
