http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28615 ghost stories
ghost stories
The ghosts of Vaasa
A selection of unsettling stories--one in graphic form along with two poems--by such authors as Ray Bradbury, William Sleator, Robert Service, Edward Gorey, Roald Dahl, Jane Yolen, and Mr. Stine himself.
The Guardians
THE PENGUIN BOOK OF GHOST STORIES
Look back!
True Irish ghost stories
The greatcoat
A foot in the grave and other ghost stories
Poetry and prose of the Han, Wei and Six dynasties
When a boy tries to save his parents' marriage, he uncovers a legacy of family secrets in a coming-of-age ghost story by the author of the internationally bestselling phenomenon, 'The art of racing in the rain'.  In the summer of 1990, fourteen-year-old Trevor Riddell gets his first glimpse of Riddell House. Built from the spoils of a massive timber fortune, the legendary family mansion is constructed of giant, whole trees, and is set on a huge estate overlooking Puget Sound. Trevor's bankrupt parents have begun a trial separation, and his father, Jones Riddell, has brought Trevor to Riddell House with a goal: to join forces with his sister, Serena, dispatch Grandpa Samuel--who is flickering in and out of dementia--to a graduated living facility, sell off the house and property for development into 'tract housing for millionaires', divide up the profits, and live happily ever after.  But Trevor soon discovers there's someone else living in Riddell House: a ghost with an agenda of his own.
The Orchard book of ghostly stories
How ho speak spook (and stay alive)
The grownup : a story by the author of Gone Girl
How to catch a witch
The haunted book
Whoever is born here, is doomed to stay 'til death. Whoever settles, never leaves.  Welcome to Black Spring, the seemingly picturesque Hudson Valley town haunted by the Black Rock Witch, a 17th century woman whose eyes and mouth are sewn shut. Muzzled, she walks the streets and enters your homes at will. She stands next to your bed for nights on end. Everybody knows that her eyes may never be opened.  The elders of Black Spring have virtually quarantined the town by using high-tech surveillance to prevent their curse from spreading. Frustrated with being kept in lockdown, the town's teenagers decide to break their strict regulations and go viral with the haunting, but in so doing send the town spiraling into the dark, medieval practices of the past.
From time to time - ajasta toiseen
The English ghost
Folk belief and traditions of the supernatural
The guide to supernatural fiction : a full description of 1775 books from 1750 to 1960, including ghost stories, weird fiction, stories of supernatural horror, fantasy, Gothic novels, occult fiction, and similar literature : with author, title, and motif indexes
After being killed by a man who is trying to use her soul to gain immortality, Rose Marshall, still sixteen, has been on the run for sixty years, trying to outrace the man and regain her freedom.
A Christmas carol
Sisters of blood and spirit
High spirits
The ghost of the highwayman Black-eye Jax has an urgent message for Harry in this spooky chiller.
Ghost Hawk
A stunning selection of folk tales and legends about things that go bump in the night. A wide variety of traditional stories from all over the world, ranging from magical to farcical, unnerving to terrifying.
Komisario Gently. Box 1
The Green Man
Spook : the haunting of Kit Connelly
The mistletoe bride & other haunting tales
The grownup
Co-habiting with ghosts : knowledge, experience, belief and the domestic uncanny
The woman in black
Goblins and ghosties : stories of darkness from around the world
Beware! : R.L. Stine picks his favorite scary stories
The turn of the screw
The small hand : a ghost story
The silence
Casting the runes and other ghost stories
Chilling ghost stories
The uninvited : a novel
Charles Keeping's classic tales of the macabre
The mistletoe bride : & other haunting tales
The legend of Sleepy Hollow
Eleven-year-old Jon Whitcroft and new friend Ella summon the ghost of Sir William Longspee, who may be able to protect Jon from a group of ghosts that threatens him harm from the day he arrives at Salisbury Cathedral's boarding school. Includes historical notes.
Seven weird days at number 31
The séance : [a novel]
Ghostly : a collection of ghost stories
The English ghost : [spectres through time]
Horrid Henry's ghosts
Hawaiian legends of ghosts and ghost-gods
Ghost stories
The moonlit road and other stories
The legend of five great deaf ghost stories
In the shadow of blackbirds
The Small Hand : a ghost story
Great ghost stories
The mistletoe bride and other haunting tales
This house is haunted
Putting the supernatural in its place : folklore, the hypermodern, and the ethereal
Coffin hollow and other ghost tales
Her fearful symmetry
Haunted Greece and Rome : ghost stories from classical antiquity
Dan and the caverns of bone
Scooby-Doo! 13 spooky tales : holiday chills & thrills
The Dead of Winter
Collected ghost stories
The tale of Black-eye Jax
In the shadow of blackbirds : a novel
The book of ghosts
The mist in the mirror
Halloween horror school
Complete ghost stories
Uncle Montague's tales of terror
Ghosts in American houses
Ghost hawk
Angel of death : The woman in black : the sequel
Ghost stories of M. R. James
Ghost knight
Heart-Shaped Box
Haunted America FAQ : all that's left to know about the most haunted houses, cemeteries, battlefields, and more
THE GIANT BOOK OF GHOST STORIES
Dan and the dead
The little stranger
Sparrow Hill Road
The quiddity of Will Self
Emerging legends in contemporary society
Scary stories for campfires
Kwaidan : stories and studies of strange things
Mother Leakey and the bishop : a ghost story
Liaozhai Zhiyi xuan: Strange tales from Make-Do Studio
Roald Dahl's book of ghost stories
The Woman In black
The shadow-cage : and other tales of the supernatural
Dolly : a ghost story
Collected Ghost Stories
