http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28692 cultural interpretation
cultural interpretation
Healthcare interpreting : discourse and interaction
Translation and power
With contributions from such intercultural giants as Edward T. Hall and Graic Storti, plus original activities by the author, this first-of-its-kind workbook gives special focus to areas with significant contrasts between deaf and gearing American cultures, including sharing personal information, definitons of politeness, and direct versus indirect communication style. The culminating section allows interpretesrs to apply these cross-cultural skills in ways that will enhance the quality of their work.
Translator and interpreter : experts in intercultural communication
Multilinguale Kommunikation : linguistische und translatorische Ansätze = Communication multilingue : approches linguistiques et traductologiques = Multilingual communication : linguistic and translational approaches
Encounters with reality : 1,001 interpreter scenarios
Parallel Views : Education and Access for Deaf People in France and the United States
Translation changes everything : theory and practice
Sign language interpreting : theory and practice in Australia and New Zealand
The scandals of translation : towards an ethics of difference
"This ground-breaking work, originally published 15 years ago, continues to serve as the primary reference on the theories of omission potential and translational contact in sign language interpreting. In the book, noted scholar Jemina Napier explores the linguistic coping strategies of interpreters by drawing on her own study of the interpretation of a university lecture from English into Australian Sign Language (Auslan). A new preface by the author provides perspective on the importance of the work and how it fits within the scholarship of interpretation studies. The concept of strategic omissions is explored here as a tool that is consciously used by interpreters as a coping strategy. Instead of being a mistake, omitting part of the source language can actually be part of an active decision-making process that allows the interpreter to convey the correct meaning when faced with challenges. For the first time, Napier found that omission potential existed within every interpretation and, furthermore, she proposed a new taxonomy of five different conscious and unconscious omission types. Her findings also indicate that Auslan/English interpreters use both a free and literal interpretation approach, but that those who use a free approach occasionally switch to a literal approach as a linguistic coping strategy to provide access to English terminology. Both coping strategies help negotiate the demands of interpretation, whether it be lack of subject-matter expertise, dealing with dense material, or the context of the situation. Napier also analyzes the interpreters’ reflections on their decision-making processes as well as the university students’ perceptions and preferences of their interpreters’ linguistic choices and styles. Linguistic Coping Strategies in Sign Language Interpreting is a foundational text in interpretation studies that can be applied to interpreting in different contexts and to interpreter training."
Babel : the cultural and linguistic barriers between nations
Exploring translation theories
"This essential new textbook guides readers through the social aspects and sociologically informed approaches to the study of translation. Sergey Tyulenev surveys implicitly and explicitly sociological approaches to the study of translation, drawing on the most important and influential works both within translation studies and in sociology, as well as recent developments in the field. In addition to the theoretical grounding provided, the book explains in detail the methodology of studying translation from a sociological point of view. Translation and Society discusses why translation should be studied sociologically, reinforces the foundation of the sociologically informed translation research already in existence in the field and outlines possible new directions for the future. Throughout the book there are many examples and case studies and each chapter includes thought-provoking discussion points, possible assignments, and suggestions for further reading. This is an invaluable textbook for undergraduate and postgraduate students of translation studies".
The relationship of miscommunication and strategies in interpreted interaction
Translational action and intercultural communication
Interpreting in the community and workplace : a practical teaching guide
Voices of the invisible presence : diplomatic interpreters in post-World War II Japan
The politics of translation in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance
Linguistic coping strategies in sign language interpreting
A textbook of translation
The sociological turn in translation and interpreting studies
Efsli 2010 conference proceedings : Synergy: moving forward together
English in international deaf communication
Sign language, deaf culture & bilingual education
So you want to be an interpreter? : an introduction to sign language interpreting
Speaking in tongues : language at play in the theatre
Translation as intercultural communication : selected papers from the EST Congress - Prague 1995
Translating literatures, translating cultures : new vistas and approaches in literary studies
In Translation Changes Everything leading theorist Lawrence Venuti gathers fourteen of his incisive essays since 2000. The selection sketches the trajectory of his thinking about translation while engaging with the main trends in research and commentary. The issues covered include basic concepts like equivalence, retranslation, and reader reception; sociological topics like the impact of translations in the academy and the global cultural economy; and philosophical problems such as the translator's unconscious and translation ethics. Every essay presents case studies that include Venuti's own translation projects, illuminating the connections between theoretical concepts and verbal choices. The texts, drawn from a broad variety of languages, are both humanistic and pragmatic, encompassing such forms as poems and novels, religious and philosophical works, travel guidebooks and advertisements. The discussions all explore practical applications, whether writing, publishing, reviewing, teaching or studying translations. Venuti's aim is to conceive of translation as an interpretive act with far-reaching social effects, at once enabled and constrained by specific cultural situations. This latest chapter in his developing work is essential reading for translators and students of translation alike.
Ausgewählte Vorträge zur Translation und anderen Themen = Selected papers on translation and other subjects
Communicating across cultures : a coursebook on interpreting and translating in public services and institutions
The translator as mediator of cultures
Identity and difference : translation shaping culture
Applied linguistics
Contexts in translating
Translating others. Vol. 1
Speaking in tongues : language across contexts and users
Translating cultures : an introduction for translators, interpreters and mediators
Enlarging translation, empowering translators
Is that a fish in your ear? : the amazing adventure of translation
Beyond borders - translations moving languages, literatures and cultures /c Pekka Kujamäki...[et al.] (eds.)
Modelling the field of community interpreting : questions of methodology in research and training
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Funny and surprising on every page, Is That a Fish in Your Ear offers readers new insight into the mystery of how we come to know what someone else means whether we wish to understand Asterix cartoons or a foreign head of state. Using translation as his lens, David Bellos shows how much we can learn about ourselves by exploring the ways we use translation, from the historical roots of written language to the stylistic choices of Ingmar Bergman, from the United Nations General Assembly to the significance of James Camerons Avatar. Is That a Fish in Your Ear ranges across human experience to describe why translation sits deep within us all, and why we need it in so many situations, from the spread of religion to our appreciation of literature; indeed, Bellos claims that all writers are by definition translators. Written with joie de vivre, reveling both in misunderstanding and communication, littered with wonderful asides, it promises any reader new eyes through which to understand the world. --amazon.com
Culture bumps : an empirical approach to the translation of allusions
Interpreting in a changing landscape : selected papers from Critical Link 6
"What is a translation? Do we only translate words, or perhaps art, too? Can we translate one culture into another? In a globalized world how are we to view questions about translations and translatability, culturally, aesthetically and linguistically? Translatability is an anthology that brings together various perspectives on the question of translation. The anthology forms part of a larger collaboration between Bonniers Knosthall, Sodertorn University and the publihers Albert Bonniers Forlag, and has been produced to accompany the exhibition: The Spiral and the Square. Exercises in translatability."--Front flap.
Reading between the signs workbook : a cultural guide to sign language students and interpreters
Language interpretation and communication : proceedings of the NATO symposium on language interpretation and communication, held at the Giorgio Cini Foundation...1977, sponsored by the NATO Special Program Panel on Human Factors
Constructing cultures : essays on literary translation
Translating others. Vol. 2
Discusses the key role of the courtroom interpreter in the outcomes of trials involving non-English speaking defendants, witnesses, or plantiffs, and explores the question of why interpreters add to and omit from the original linguistic content.
In this complete survey of the theories, methods, and key findings within applied linguistics, students are introduced to core research questions and the various approaches to tackling these. • Provides an introduction to this interdisciplinary field of research and practice, dealing with practical issues of language and communication • Takes a problem-solving approach, introducing students to key research questions and guiding them through the various ways of tackling these • Features additional study aids throughout, including chapter outlines, learning objectives, key terms, research questions and answers, study questions, and recommended further readings • Enables students to identify every-day language and communication issues, and to draw on their own personal experiences.
Translation in the global village
Increasing attention has been paid to the agency of translators and interpreters, as well as to the social factors that permeate acts of translation and interpreting. In addition, agency and social factors are discussed in more interdisciplinary terms. Currently the focus is not only on translators or interpreters – i.e., the exploration of their inter/intra-social agency and identity construction (or on their activities and the consequences thereof), but also on other phenomena, such as the displacement of texts and people and issues of access and linguicism. The displacement of texts (whether written or oral) across time and space, as well as the geographic displacement of people, has encouraged researchers in Translation and Interpreting Studies to consider issues related to translation and interpreting through the lens of the Sociology of Language, Sociolinguistics, and Historiography. Researchers have employed a myriad of theoretical and methodological lenses borrowed from other disciplines in the Humanities and Social Sciences. Therefore, the interdisciplinarity of Translation and Interpreting Studies is more evident now than ever before.
Audiovisual translation across Europe : an ever-changing landscape
Interpreting : the art of cross cultural mediation
Global trends in translator and interpreter training : mediation and culture
In other words : a coursebook on translation
Storytelling and conversation : discourse in deaf communities
Translation and identity
Reading between the signs : intercultural communication for sign language interpreters
Courtroom interpreting
Crossing borders in community interpreting : definitions and dilemmas
Translation and society : an introduction
Teaching translation and interpreting 2 : insights, aims, visions : papers from the Second Language International Conference, Elsinore, Denmark, 4-6 June 1993
Interpreting justice : ethics, politics and language
Interdisziplinäre Aspekte des Übersetzens und Dolmetschens = Interdisciplinary aspects of translation and interpreting
Constructing deafness
Reading between the signs : Intercultural communication for sign language interpreters
Cultural and language diversity and the deaf experience
The Deaf way II reader : perspectives from the second international conference on deaf culture
Translators through history
Sign language and the deaf community : essays in honor of William C. Stokoe
Translation, history, culture : a sourcebook
Sign language interpreting : linguistic coping strategies
Evaluation in translation : critical points of translator decision-making
Cultural functions of translation
Interpreting: the art of cross cultural mediation : Proceedings of the Ninth National Convention of the Registry of Interpreters for the Deaf July 4 - 8, 1985
Translation and literary studies : homage to Marilyn Gaddis Rose
Agents of translation
Translation and identity in the Americas : new directions in translation theory
Medical interpreting and cross-cultural communication
The translator as communicator
Handbook to service the deaf and hard of hearing : a bridge to accessibility
Translation and cultural change : studies in history, norms and image projection
Why Translation Studies matters
The Routledge companion to translation studies
Representing others : translation, ethnography and the museum
