http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28630 folk belief systems
folk belief systems
Summary: Aspects of changing in Estonian death culture.
Saying isn't believing : conversational narrative and the discourse of tradition in a French-Newfoundland community
Folklore : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies. Vol. 3, The genres of folklore
Folklore : an encyclopedia of beliefs, customs, tales, music, and art
Intellectual culture of the Iglulik Eskimos
More tales alive in Turkey
Folklore and ethnicity : expanding boundaries
Folk tales, tall tales, trickster tales, and legends of the supernatural from the Pinelands of New Jersey
Contributions to Chipewyan ethnology
Primitive beliefs in the North-East of Scotland
An account of the Sámi : a translation of Muitalus sámiid birra, based on the Sámi original
Fairies and witches at the boundary of South-Eastern and Central Europe
The folklore of the Black Country : by Roy Palmer
Traditionally protected forests and sacred forests of Zigua and Gweno Ethnic Groups in Tanzania
Scandinavian folk belief and legend
The last Tasmanian tiger : the history and extinction of the thylacine
Pika-Pika : the flashing firefly : essays to honour and celebrate the life of Pauline Hetland Walker (1938-2005)
The folklore of Staffordshire
Encyclopedia of Korean folklore and traditional culture. vol. 2, Encyclopedia of Korean folk beliefs
The python killer : stories of Nzema life
Linguistic and mental models for Hungarian folk beliefs
Folk belief and traditions of the supernatural
Studies in Japanese folklore
Legends of trolls and the Bible
Coming into being among the Australian aborigines : a study of the procreative beliefs of the native tribes of Australia
Essays on Russian folklore and mythology
The supernatural owners of nature : Nordic Symposion on the Religious Conceptions of Ruling Spirits (genii loci, genii speciei) and Allied Concepts
From the days of the earliest Paleolithic cave rituals, magic has gripped the imagination. Magic and magicians appear in early Babylonian texts, the Bible, Judaism, and Islam. Secret words, spells, and incantations lie at the heart of nearly every mythological tradition. But for every genuine magus there is an impostor. During the Middle Ages, religion, science, and magic were difficult to set apart. The Middle Ages also saw the pursuit of alchemy which led to a fascination with the occult, Freemasonry, and Rosicrucianism. The turn of the twentieth century witnessed a return to earlier magical traditions, and today, magic means many things: contemporary Wicca is practiced widely as a modern pagan religion in Europe and the US; “magic” also stretches to include the nonspiritual, rapid-fire sleight of hand performed by slick stage magicians who fill vast arenas. This book is packed with authoritative text and a huge and inspired selection of images, some chosen from unusual sources, including some of the best-known representations of magic and the occult from around the world spanning ancient to modern times.
The folklore of the Lake District
“For a witch cannot cross such a threshold!” : building concealment traditions in Finland c. 1200–1950
Finnish folklore atlas. 2, Ethnic Culture of Finland
German-American folklore
With English and German summaries.
Flour from another sack & other proverbs, folk beliefs, tales & recipes
The possibilities of charting modern life : a symposium for ethnological research about modern time in Stockholm, March 1967
Twilight of the Celtic gods : an exploration of Britain's hidden pagan traditions
The supernatural owners of nature : Nordic symposion on the religious conceptions of ruling spirits (genii loci, genii speciei) and allied concepts
Folklore on the American land
The nordic dead-child tradition : Nordic dead-child beings : A study in comparative religion
Tavan takaa : kansatieteellisiä tutkimuksia tapojemme historiasta : ethnological studies of Finnish customs and beliefs = Behind the customs
The image of werewolf in folk religion and its theological and demonological interpretations
Medieval folklore : an encyclopedia of myths, legends, tales, beliefs, and customs. Vvolume 2, L-Z
The social organization and the secret societies of the Kwakiutl Indians
The enchanted wood and other tales from Finland
Islanders and water-dwellers : proceedings of The Celtic-Nordic-Baltic Folklore Symposium held at University College Dublin 16-19 June 1996
"I almost believe" : encounters with the supernatural in Teno Sámi belief tradition.
The vampire : a casebook
To square with genesis : causal statements and shamanic ideas in Wayãpí
Popular beliefs and folklore tradition in Siberia
The blessed and the damned : sinful women and unbaptised children in Irish folklore
The Yoruba today
Folklore of the sea
Thunder and lightning in Estonian folklore in the light of vernacular theories
Zhonghua wu fu jixiang tu dian. Fu = Designs of Chinese blessings. Good fortune
Voicelessness and the limits of agency in early modern Finnish narratives on magic and the supernatural
The research object and the subjectivity of the researcher
The Netsilik Eskimos : social life and spiritual culture
The native American sweat lodge : history and legends
The Nordic dead-child tradition : Nordic dead-child beings : a study in comparative religion
Solovyovo : the story of memory in a Russian village
The social life of dreams : a thousand years of negotiated meanings in Iceland
Occult, witchcraft and magic : an illustrated history
Ethnocultural knowledge and mythical models : the making of St Olaf, the God of Thunder, and St Elijah during the first centuries of the Christian era in the Scandinavian and Baltic regions
Zhonghua wu fu ji xiang tu dian shu = Designs of Chinese blessings happiness
Gods & vampires : return to Chipaya
Powers of death : church-väki in the Finnish folk belief tradition
Introduction to folklore
Folklore studies in honour of Herbert Halpert : a Festschrift
Zhonghua wu fu jixiang tu dian. Cai = Designs of Chinese blessings. Wealth
Death and Mortality - From Individual to Communal Perspectives
Folklore in action : essays for discussion in honor of MacEdward Leach
Weather wisdom : proverbs, superstitions, and signs
Suomen kansankulttuurin kartasto = Atlas of Finnish ethnic culture. 2, Suomen perinneatlas = Folklore
The year 2010 marked the one-hundredth anniversary of the first publication of Johan Turi's Muitalus samiid birra (An Account of the Sami), the first secular book ever published in Sami language. Turi's book is a classic of Sami literature and cultural history. It provides fascinating insights into Sami traditional practices, from reindeer husbandry to hunting and trapping, to childbirth, healing, courtship and song. Turi's Account provides a unique glimpse of turn-of-the-twentieth-century Sami life, and provides fascinating points of comparison with the writings of other indigenous authors from other parts of the world. -- The translation is the work of Thomas A. DuBois. Also included in the present edition are exemplars of Turi's artwork. Together they reveal Turi's claim not only to the title of "first author of the Sami" but also "first multi-media artist" and "first researcher."
Indian legends of the Pacific Northwest
The darkling : a treatise on Slavic vampirism
Birth as an American rite of passage
The occult, witchcraft & magic : an illustrated history
Bulgarian folk traditions and beliefs
Zhonghua wu fu jixiang tu dian. Lu = Designs of Chinese blessings . High salary
Zhonghua wu fu ji xiang tu dian shu = Designs of Chinese blessings longevity
Narrated life experience and collected items : field study of popular beliefs
Notes on rowan lore : protection and harming in Swedish-speaking Ostrobothnia
What are the animals to us? : approaches from science, religion, folklore, literature, and art
Folk religion and folk belief in Central-Eastern Europe
The folklore of Sussex
The family as the tradition carrier : Nordic-Baltic-Finno-Ugric conference : conference proceedings. Volume 2
Imagining the supernatural north
A lycanthrophy reader : werewolves in Western culture : medical cases, diagnoses, descriptions, trial records, historical accounts, sightings, philosophical and theological approaches to metamorphosis, critical essays on lycanthropy, myths and legends, allegory
Saami pre-Christian religion : studies on the oldest traces of religion among the Saamis
Gods, ghosts, and black dogs : the fascinating folklore and mythology of dogs
Florentine codex : general history of the things of New Spain. Parts 5 and 6, Book 4 - The Soothsayers, and, Book 5 - The omens
Black cats and April fools
The folk-stories of Iceland
Folk tales from Kammu. 3, Pearls of Kammu literature
Fatalistic beliefs in religion, folklore, and literature : papers read at the Symposium on Fatalistic Beliefs, held at Åbo on the 7th-9th of September, 1964
The folklore of the Welsh Border
The Navaho
Encyclopedia of Norse and Germanic folklore, mythology, and magic
Creating bodies : childbirth practices in pre-modern Karelia
Traditions of belief in everyday life
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
Hoodoo - conjuration - witchcraft - rootwork : beliefs accepted by many negroes and white persons these being orally recorded among blacks and whites
Transformation, tradition, and lived realities : vernacular belief worlds of the Khasis of northeastern India
Conceiving spirits : birth rituals and contested identities among Laujé of Indonesia
The division of the Lapps into cultural areas
