http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28639 type indexes
type indexes
Tale type
Die heutige Bedeutung oraler Traditionen : ihre Archivierung, Publikation und Index-Erschlissung = The present-day importance of oral traditions : their preservation, publication and indexing
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography, based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 2, Tales of the stupid ogre, anecdotes and jokes, and formula tales
Archetypes and motifs in folklore and literature : a handbook
Encyclopedia of urban legends, updated and expanded edition
Index of Spanish folktales
Types of Indic oral tales : supplement
Folk tales, tall tales, trickster tales, and legends of the supernatural from the Pinelands of New Jersey
Types of Indic oral tales : India, Pakistan, and Ceylon
A catalogue of anecdotes in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 3, Appendices
Catalogue of the Khoisan folktales of Southern Africa
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part I, Animal tales, tales of magic, religious tales, and realistic tales, with an introduction
The type and motif index of Finnish belief legends and memorates
Swedish legend types
Catalogue of Greek magic folktales
Indian animal tales : a preliminary survey
Greek magic tales : aspects of research in folklore studies and anthropology
Two classification systems of folk tales: possibilities and problems
Catalogues of Finnish anecdotes and historical, local and religious legends
Latviešu pasaku tipu rādītājs = The types of the Latvian folktales
Motif, type and genre : a manual for compilation of indices & a bibliography of indices and indexing
Adaptation, change, and decline in oral literature
The value of type index
Towards an international type-system of proverbs
The types of the Scandinavian medieval ballad : a descriptive catalogue
Comment : : literary fairy tales and the types of international folktales (AA, AT,  ATU)
A tale-type index of Australian Aboriginal oral narratives
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 2, Tales of the stupid ogre, anecdotes and jokes, and formula tales
Classifying folktales : the third revision of the Aarne-Thompson Tale Type Index (FFC 184)
The Mayan folktale : an introduction
The types of the Norwegian folktale
Proverbia septentrionalia : 900 Balto-Finnic proverb types with Russian, Baltic, German and Scandinavian parallels
The structural-semantic types of Lithuanian folk tales. Volume II, The classification and index of elementary plots and their types
The structural-semantic types of Lithuanian folk tales. Volume I, Genres and tale types
Catalogue of Portuguese folktales
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 1, Animal tales, tales of magic, religious tales, and realistic tales
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part II, Tales of the stupid ogre, anecdotes and jokes, and formula tales
Catalogue of the Heteroptera of the Palaearctic Region. 2, Cimicomorpha I
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part A, Folk narratives. Vol. 1
Folktales of the Jews of Iraq : tale types and genres
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part B, Folk legends. Vol. 2
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part B, Folk legends. Vol. 1
The types of the Swedish folk legend
Index of Catalan folktales
The Norwegian fairytales : a short summary
The Matti Kuusi international type system of proverbs
Fairy tales and society : illusion, allusion, and paradigm
Types of the folktale in the Arab world : a demographically oriented tale-type index
Folk tales from Kammu. 5, A young story-teller's tales
The folktale of Jews from Iran, Central Asia and Afghanistan : tale-types and genres
A catalogue of historical and local legends in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
