http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28688 political realism
political realism
Science without myth : on constructions, reality, and social knowledge
Art under control in North Korea
International relations today : a study about the three leading paradigms
Novels from Reagan's America : a new realism
Realism in international relations and international political economy : the continuing story of a death foretold
International relations and the first great debate
The autonomy of the political : Carl Schmitt's and Lenin's political realism
Manifestation of what foreign policy : EU actorness in the context of Operation Atalanta
Foundations of national power : readings on world politics and American security
Christian realism and the new realities
The Oxford handbook of philosophy and literature
Architecture and ideology in Eastern Europe during the Stalin era : an aspect of Cold War history
Realism and international relations
Ukrainian literature in the twentieth century : a reader's guide
Human rights as politics and idolatry
Socialist realism instead of formalism : the formation and development of the Soviet music control system 1932-1950
Neorealism and its critics
The making of the state writer : social and aesthetic origins of Soviet literary culture
Reconstructing realism
Cinema and Soviet society, 1917-1953
Perspectives on the philosophy of Charles Taylor
Scientific realism and international relations
"In this sweeping magical-realist epic set in the fictional south sea island republic of Navidad, Ikezawa gives his imagination free rein to reinvent the myths of twentieth-century Japan. A delegation of Japanese war veterans pays an official visit to the ex-World War II colony, only to see the Japanese flag burst into flames. The following day, the tour bus, and its passengers, simply vanish. The locals exchange absurd rumors - the bus was last seen attending Catholic mass, the bus must have skipped across the lagoon - but the president suspects a covert guerrilla organization is trying to undermine his connections with Japan. Can the real answers to the mystery be found, or will the president have to be content with the surreal answers?"--Jacket p. [2].
Theories of international relations
The Culture of the Stalin period
Bounding power : republican security theory from the polis to the global village
An introduction to international relations theory : perspectives and themes
Political thought and international relations : variations on a realist theme
The realist case for global reform
Realism and world politics
No virtue like necessity : realist thought in international relations since Machiavelli
Sociology and the environment : a critical introduction to society, nature, and knowledge
The struggle for control of Soviet music from 1932 to 1948 : socialist realism vs. Western formalism
Knowledge and power : toward a political philosophy of science
Chinese posters : the iish-landsberger collections
Socialist realism in the opera house : Ivan Dzerhinskii's opera Tikhii Don
Art and literature under the Bolsheviks.. Vol. 1
Composing the party line : music and politics in early cold war Poland and East Germany
Cinema and Soviet society from the revolution to the death of Stalin
Duties beyond borders : on the limits and possibilities of ethical international politics
Christianity and power politics today : Christian realism and contemporary political dilemmas
Issues in realist criminology
Midnight's children
The post-utopian imagination : American culture in the long 1950s
International society and its critics
Social theory of international politics
Realism, idealism and international politics : a reinterpretation
Messy morality : the challenge of politics
Art and politics in China, 1949-1984
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
Literature and the arts : the moral issues
Soldiers on the cultural front : developments in the early history of North Korean literature and literary policy
The literature of East Germany
International Order and the Future of Worlds Politics
Russian membership in the council of Europe : the process, compliance and some interpretations
How did realist fiction alter in the effort to craft forms and genres receptive to the dynamism of an expanding empire and globalizing world? Do these nineteenth-century variations on the "geopolitical aesthetic" continue to resonate today? Crossing literary criticism, political theory, and longue duree history, 'The Victorian geopolitical aesthetic' explores these questions from the standpoint of mid-nineteenth-century novelists such as Wilkie Collins, George Eliot, Gustave Flaubert, and Anthony Trollope as well as successors including E. M. Forster and the creators of recent television serials. By looking at the category of "sovereignty" at multiple scales and in diverse formal, geographic, and historical contexts, Lauren M. E. Goodlad shows that the ideological crucible for "high" realism was not a hegemonic liberalism. It was, rather, a clash of modern liberal ideals struggling to distintricate themselves from a powerful conservative vision of empire while striving to negotiate the inequalities of power along lines of race, gender, nationality, and ethnicity which a supposedly universalistic liberalism had helped to generate. The material occasion for the mid-Victorian era's rich realist experiments was, thus, the transition from an informal empire of trade that could be celebrated as "liberal" to a neo-feudal imperialism that only Tories could warmly embrace. In this way the book places realism's "geopolitical aesthetic" at the heart of recurring modern experiences of breached sovereignty, forgotten history, and subjective exile. The Coda, titled "The Way We Historicize Now," concludes the book with connections to recent debates about "surface reading" "distant reading," and the hermeneutics of suspicion.
Controversies in international relations theory : realism and the neoliberal challenge
The Victorian geopolitical aesthetic : realism, sovereignty, and transnational experience
The empire of civil society : a critique of realist theory of international relations
U.S. foreign policy and the strengthening of democracies in the Baltic states : realist motives for liberalist ideals
"In this fully updated and revised edition, the authors explore the evolution, nature and function of international law in world politics and situate international law in its historical and political context. They propose three interdisciplinary 'lenses' (realist, liberal and constructivist) through which to view the role of international law in world politics and suggest that the concept of an international society provides the overall context within which international legal developments occur. These theoretical perspectives offer different ways of looking at international law in terms of what it is, how it works and how it changes. Topics covered include the use of force, international crimes, human rights, international trade and the environment. The new edition also contains more material on non-western perspectives, international institutions and non-state actors and a new bibliography. Each chapter features discussion questions and guides to further reading"--Provided by publisher.
Aesthetics of alienation : reassessment of early Soviet cultural theories
Thucydides and the ancient simplicity : the limits of political realism
Introduction to international relations : theories and approaches
Nuclear deterrence, morality and realism
Realism reconsidered : the legacy of Hans Morgenthau in international relations
The cultural front : power and culture in revolutionary Russia
"How can nations optimize their power in the modern world system? Realist theory has underscored the importance of hard power as the ultimate path to national strength. In this vision, nations require the muscle and strategies to compel compliance and achieve their full power potential. But in fact, changes in world politics have increasingly encouraged national leaders to complement traditional power resources with more enlightened strategies oriented around the use of soft power resources. The resources to compel compliance have to be increasingly integrated with the resources to cultivate compliance. Only through this integration of hard and soft power can nations truly achieve their greatest strength in modern world politics, and this realization carries important implications for competing paradigms of international relations. The idea of power optimization can only be delivered through the integration of the three leading paradigms of international relations: Realism, Neoliberalism, and Constructivism"--
Passing the open windows : a quantitative and qualitative approach to immediate military balance and escalation of protracted conflicts
The social an the real : political art of the 1930's in the western hemisphere / edited by Alejandro Anreus, Diana L. Linden, and Jonathan Weinberg
The realist tradition and the limits of international relations
Cosmopolitan power in international relations : a synthesis of realism, neoliberalism, and constructivism
Experiments in modern realism : world making, politics and the everyday in postwar European and American art
The new American militarism : how Americans are seduced by war
The politics of childhoods real and imagined. Volume 2, Practical application of critical realism and childhood studies
Neoclassical realism, the state, and foreign policy
Regent journal of international law : in collaboration with Handong International Law School / Vol. 7, issue 2
Political realism in international theory
Power in the global information age : from realism to globalization
The Navidad incident : the downfall of Matías Guili
Reinhold Niebuhr and Christian realism
Hans Morgenthau : realism and beyond
Why a 'Handshake' wasn't enough : a methodological experiment on the anthropological study of law
Post-realism : the rhetorical turn in international relations
The total art of Stalinism : avant-garde, aesthetic dictatorship, and beyond
Utopian reality : reconstructing culture in revolutionary Russia and beyond
Abstract: Russian membership in the council of Europe - the process, compliance and some interpretations.
International law and international relations
Ethics, liberalism and realism in international relations
European security in the twenty-first century : the challenge of multipolarity
The logic of anarchy : neorealism to structural realism
Fifty key thinkers in international relations
After international relations : critical realism and the (re)construction of world politics
Painters and politics in the People's Republic of China, 1949-1979
Who believes in human rights? : reflections on the European Convention
Friedman and realism
Philosophy and real politics
Rethinking realism in international relations : between tradition and innovation
