http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28636 qi
qi
This book examines how critical approaches to security developed in Europe can be used to investigate a Chinese security issue - the case of the Falungong. The past few decades have produced a rich field of theoretical approaches to 'security' in Europe. In this book, the security-specific notions of securitization, the politics of insecurity, and emancipation are used as analytical approaches to investigate the anti-Falungong campaign in the People's Republic of China. This campaign, launched in 1999, was the largest security-related propaganda campaign since 1989 and was directed against a group of qigong-practitioners who were presented as a grave threat to society. The campaign had major impacts as new security legislation was established and human rights organizations reported severe mistreatment of practitioners. This book approaches one empirical case with three approaches in order to transcend the tendency to pit one approach against another. It shows how they highlight different aspects in investigation, and how they can be combined to gain more comprehensive insights, and thereby invigorate renewed debate in the field. Furthermore, this is used as a vehicle to discuss more general philosophical issues of theory, development, and theory development and will assist students to comprehend the effects research framework selection has on a piece of research. Such discussions are necessary in order to apply the frameworks in investigations that go beyond the socio-political context they were originally developed in. This book will be of interest to students of critical security studies, Chinese politics, research methods and IR in general.
The last rays of brilliance : stepping into the world of Qi Baishi's late paintings
Tai chi chuan martial power : advanced Yang style
Moving the silence : a dialogue between art and spirituality
Chinamania : Arken, Museum of modern art, 27 June - 27 September 2009 / [editors: Christian Gether, Stine Høholt, Maria Kappel Blegvad]
Qigong fever : body, science, and utopia in China
Wushu exercise for life enhancement
Falun Gong and the future of China
Falun Gong's challenge to China : spiritual practice or "evil cult"?
This work illustrates the research I have conducted throughout the two years of my Master's degree programme in Theatre Pedagogy at the Theatre Academy of Helsinki (TeaK) on the topic of “active” silence: a quiet dimension of being, calm but not passive, characterized by a high level of awareness, openness and concentration at the same time.  In March 2012 I led a one-day workshop with the title “Living the Silence” in seven different environments (among them: a school, two monasteries and a Theatre Academy), where I explored many possible combinations of art and meditation, in order to understand how the participants experienced “active” silence.  In November 2012 I further developed my previous research on “active” silence by leading a two week-workshop, “Moving the Silence”, attempting to understand how I could develop a dialogue between different disciplines related to the practice of active silence such as meditation, T'ai Chi Ch'üan (the Chinese “Supreme Polarity boxing”) and expressive movement, without use of speech.  The workshop led spontaneously towards a performance with the same title “Moving the Silence”, where I have been exploring the boundaries between meditation and performance, questioning how meditation can be a performance and vice-versa. We performed in February 2013.  Silence proved to be a fruitful ground for a dialogue between art and spirituality, becoming a generative platform for developing meditative ways of working in the field of art.  This thesis provides a detailed description of this work and the development of my personal conceptions about teaching.
Reflections on Qi : tuning your life to the world's hidden energy
Treasures of Tao : feng shui : Chinese astrology : spiritual Qi Gong
Pioneers of digital : success stories from leaders in advertising, marketing, search, and social media
Critical security and Chinese politics : the anti-Falungong campaign
Qi Yang : beyond the heaven : National Art Museum of China in Beijing, China : Von der Heydt-Museum, Wuppertal, Germany : Ludwig Museum in Koblenz, Germany / [texts: Sabine Fehlemann, Beate Reifenscheid]
Complementary and alternative medicine
The crafting of the 10,000 things : knowledge and technology in Seventeenth-Century China
Post-material : interpretations of everyday life by contemporary Chinese artists : [Red Gate Gallery, Beijing, October 21 - November 30, 2000] ; curator: Huang Du ; [texts by: Huang Du, Bing Yi]
Critical Security and Chinese Politics : The Anti-Falungong Campaign
Modernt tuschmåleri från Kina = contemporary chinese ink painting : Malmö Konsthall, 17 juni - 30 augusti 1998 / [katalog: Bera Nordal... [et al.]
Qigong illustrated
