http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28644 deontological ethics
deontological ethics
HIV and AIDS : testing, screening and confidentiality
Global poverty and individual responsibility
Good reason : essays dedicated to Risto Hilpinen
A theory of value and obligation
The ethics of health care : a guide for clinical practice
Justice : rights and wrongs
"Cosmopolitan theory suggests that we should shift our moral attention from the local to the global. Richard Vernon argues, however, that if we adopt cosmopolitan beliefs about justice we must re-examine our beliefs about political obligation. Far from undermining the demands of citizenship, cosmopolitanism implies more demanding political obligations than theories of the state have traditionally recognized. Using examples including humanitarian intervention, international criminal law, and international political economy, Vernon suggests we have a responsibility not to enhance risks facing other societies and to assist them when their own risk-taking has failed. The central arguments in Cosmopolitan Regard are that what we owe to other societies rests on the same basis as what we owe to our own, and that a theory of cosmopolitanism must connect the responsibilities of citizens beyond their own borders with their obligations to one another"--Provided by publisher.
Rationality and moral theory : how intimacy generates reasons
Self-realization : an outline of ethics
Can institutions have responsiblities? : collective moral agency and international relations
Standards and ethics for counselling in action
The varieties of goodness
"The problem of free will arises from ordinary, commonsense reflection. Shaun Nichols examines these ordinary attitudes from a naturalistic perspective. He offers a psychological account of the origins of the problem of free will. According to his account the problem arises because of two naturally emerging ways of thinking about ourselves and the world, one of which makes determinism plausible while the other makes determinism implausible. Although contemporary cognitive science does not settle whether choices are determined, Nichols argues that our belief in indeterminist choice is grounded in faulty inference and should be regarded as unjustified. However, even if our belief in indeterminist choice is false, it's a further substantive question whether that means that free will doesn't exist. Nichols argues that, because of the flexibility of reference, there is no single answer to whether free will exists. In some contexts, it will be true to say 'free will exists'; in other contexts, it will be false to say that. With this substantive background in place, this book promotes a pragmatic approach to prescriptive issues. In some contexts, the prevailing practical considerations suggest that we should deny the existence of free will and moral responsibility; in other contexts the practical considerations suggest that we should affirm free will and moral responsibility. This allows for the possibility that in some contexts, it is morally apt to exact retributive punishment; in other contexts, it can be apt to take up the exonerating attitude of hard incompatibilism."--Jacket.
Morality, moral luck, and responsibility : fortune's web
The philosophy of right. Vol. 1, Introduction - moral system : the essence of right
The ethics of altruism
Kant's moral metaphysics : God, freedom, and immortality
Ethics in the hospitality and tourism industry
Accountability
Sir David Ross's pluralistic theory of duty
Environmental ethics : an overview for the twenty-first century
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
World ethics and climate change : from international to global justice
Kierkegaard's ethic of love : divine commands and moral obligations
Bound : essays on free will and responsibility
"Is there any moral obligation to improve oneself, to foster and develop various capacities in oneself? From a broadly Kantian point of view, 'Self-Improvement' defends the view that there is such an obligation and that it is an obligation that each person owes to him or herself. The defence addresses a range of arguments philosophers have mobilized against this idea, including the argument that it is impossible to owe anything to yourself, and the view that an obligation to improve oneself is overly 'moralistic'. Robert N. Johnson argues against Kantian uiniversalization arguments for the duty of self-improvement, as well as arguments that bottom out in a supposed value humanity has. At the same time, he defends a position based on the notion that self- and other-respecting agents would, under the right circumstances, accept the principle of self-improvement and would leave it up to each to be the person to whom this duty is owed"--Publisher's description, p. [4] of dust jacket.
The political philosophy of cosmopolitanism
Politics and morality
Rights and the common good : the communitarian perspective
Medical law : text, cases, and materials
The spirit of community: rights, responsibilities and the communitarian agenda
Trouble with strangers : a study of ethics
Immanuel Kant's Groundwork for the metaphysics of morals : a commentary
Moral uncertainty and its consequences
Research ethics in exercise, health and sport sciences
Practicing relational ethics in organizations
Following the rules : practical reasoning and deontic constraint
Ethics in nursing practice
The new informants : the betrayal of confidentiality in psychoanalysis and psychotherapy
Kantian ethics
Self-improvement : an essay in Kantian ethics
The concept of moral obligation
Summary.
Moral rights and political freedom
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Heroes, saints & ordinary morality
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Papers in ethics and social philosophy
Conscientious objection as a national right and an international obligation
Cosmopolitan regard : political membership and global justice
The practice of moral judgment
Ethical studies
Shades of goodness : gradability, demandingness and the structure of moral theories
General practice and ethics : uncertainty and responsibility
Matter of breath : foundations for professional ethics
