http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2863 diseases of the elderly
diseases of the elderly
Geriatrics
Differentiating between normal and abnormal memory decline aging : the incidental memory modification of the Boston naming test
Are the Keys in the Freezer : an Advocates Guide for Alzheimer's and other Dementias
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 6, Community social policy
Lucidity in people with severe dementia as a consequence of person-centred care
State of the art in dementia care
Summary.
Handbook of the aging brain
Dementia, care and education : What needs do demented persons have? What should caregivers attach importance to?
The 10 secrets of healthy ageing : how to live longer, look younger and feel great
Health and illness at the age of 90
Changing worlds and the ageing subject : dimensions in the study of ageing and later life
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Amyloid diseases at old age : a pathological, epidemiological, and genetic study
Better elder care : nurse's guide to caring for older adults
Condition of teeth and periodontium in the home-dwelling elderly : with special reference to level of education
Gerontological Nursing: Competencies for Care, Third Edition is a comprehensive and student-accessible text that offers a holistic and inter-disciplinary approach to caring for the elderly. The framework for the text is built around the Core Competencies set forth by the American Association of Colleges of Nursing (AACN) and the John A. Hartford Foundation Institute for Geriatric Nursing. This new edition gives students the skills and theory needed to provide outstanding care for the growing elderly population. Key features include chapter outlines, learning objectives, discussion questions, personal reflection boxes, and case studies.
Substance P in Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease and ageing
Ageing, health and care
Gerontologic nursing
Hearing the voice of people with dementia : opportunities and obstacles
Epidemiology in old age
Handbook of the clinical psychology of ageing
Cognitive-communication disorders of dementia : definition, diagnosis, and treatment
Dementia reconsidered : the person comes first
Practice of geriatrics
Introductory gerontological nursing
Geriatric rehabilitation manual
Recognition of depressive elderly people in health care service
Mental health and later life : delivering an holistic model for practice
Social work and Alzheimer's disease : practice issues with victims and their families
A handbook of dementia care
Families, services and confusion in old age
Using enviroments to enable occupational performance
Client-centred practice in occupational therapy : a guide to implementation
Delirium in the elderly : a clinical, neurochemical, neurophysiological and neuroradiological study
Gerontological nursing : competencies for care
Care of the older adult
Aging and age-related diseases : the basics
Physiotherapy with older people
Spirituality and personhood in dementia
Cognitive-communication disorders of dementia
Essentials of gerontological nursing
Summary in Finnish.
Approaches to discourse in dementia
Dementia care nursing : promoting well-being in people with dementia and their families
