http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28618 teaching profession
teaching profession
The world is your oyster! : a material package for teaching handcrafts through CLIL
Our place, my future and their project : reflecting children's lifeworld in education for sustainable development
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Pre-service teachers' objectives, challenges, and experience of practical work
The ABC of anaesthesia nursing for perioperative nursing students : a tool to support learning during practical training
Co-operative learning : the social and intellectual outcomes of learning in groups
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
Approaches to a business negotiation case study : teamwork, humour and teaching
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Nurse education today
Parents' perceptions and experiences of home and school cooperation in English teaching in the secondary school
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
Small group teaching : tutorials, seminars and beyond
Work orientation and follow-up : Case company ABC Vaasa
From the stage to the studio : how fine musicians become great teachers
British journal of guidance and counselling
Individual and collective reflection : how to meet the needs of development in teaching
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Towards active and working life orientated learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
Training of students ́scientific reasoning skills
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Developing practical skills for nursing children and young people
CLIL in the context of education export : Finnish teachers' experiences in Abu Dhabi
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
Abstract: An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit. The main objective of this study was to investigate what are the issues and possible problems that this one unit in a researched company is facing in their induction and how the employees themselves see the current situation of the induction.    The researched company unit felt that there was a need for a  concentrated induction process created especially for the employees of this particular unit. Before planning the new process, it would be essential to map the current situation  and define the issues that have to be taken into account when planning the induction.    This Bachelor's Thesis is therefore investigating what are the most important issues to take into consideration when it comes to new employee induction.    A critical review of the literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was administered to 53 employees who had joined the researched company unit within the past year.    The results revealed that there is no common process followed at the researched company unit. Furthermore, the findings illustrate that the issues that the company should take into account regarding the induction are the induction plan and the presence of the immediate supervisor on the newcomer's first day.
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
An Investigation into the Issues Facing Effective Employee Induction : The Case of New Employee Induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Digital storytelling for HIV and AIDS education in Africa
Nucleus model for designing social mindtools : woven stories
The Sage encyclopedia of classroom management. 1
The art of teaching music
Principles and method in the study of English literature
Improving virtual teamwork in an international project
Gamification : an overview of mechanics and application
Collaborative leadership as the lens for co-creating an innovation - A curriculum reform in management education
Me and MyCity as a teaching method
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
Men, masculinities and teaching in early childhood education : international perspectives on gender and care
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Towards Active and Working Life Orientated Learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Mentoring in nursing and healthcare : a practical approach
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
Learning through cognitive and collaborative problem-solving processes in technological product development
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
Design thinking as a roadmap into 21st education and educational leadership
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
WELL-TRAINED EMPLOYEES ARE THE KEY TO SUCCESS : Work Orientation Guide for JukuPark Kalajoki
Working hours and heart rate variability of female white collar workers and nurses.
Research skills for management studies
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
Patient simulation on first year nursing degree students
This innovative book illustrates ways to put economics in the best context for it to be most effectively taught to and understood by under- and post-graduate students. It provides teachers of economics with various techniques to engage and retain the interest of students, while challenging them to apply knowledge and methodological tools to a range of economic problems. The expert contributors provide fascinating insights and ideas to both improve the quality of teaching economics and deepen students' understanding of economic reasoning and problem solving.
Improving an Induction: Creating a better induction for employees. Case: Metso Minerals Inc. / DC Europe
An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Multisensory environments in social care : participation and empowerment in sociocultural multisensory work
Teaching outside the box : how to grab your students by their brains
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
Personalizing 21st century education : a framework for student success
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Teaching evidence-based practice in nursing : a guide for academic and clinical settings
Comp[at]ct - connecting Comenius schools
New developments in economic education
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Educational innovation in Kazakhstan : the case of Bolashak Finland
International virtual teamwork offers new opportunities for the professional development of teachers. In this paper, we examine the initial experiences in an ongoing international virtual benchmarking project coordinated by the Finnish Online University of Applied Sciences. What challenges does an international context present for project construction and collaboration? Data from five countries, in the form of participant reflections and researchers' observations, were analysed according to four types of barriers: language, time, technical and mental barriers. Initial data indicates that trust is an essential starting point, as there is neither time nor possibilities to build mutual trust by traditional means. Organisational confidentiality issues, however, can complicate the situation. The project introduces 'collision' as a method of professional development, in which not only physical and organisational borders are crossed, but also mental barriers, as skills and competencies needed in global learning environments are acquired.
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Harmonization of training content and trainer qualification : developing Train-the-Trainer Workshop for continental corporation
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Abstract: Cross-evaluation Reports of the Degree Programmes in Automation  Technology, Software Engineering, and Information Technology.
Smart strengths : a parent-teacher coach guide to building character, resilience, and relationships in youth
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
The information specialist in an expert role in a capacity building project : a unique possibility to enlarge the library ́s role and status in higher education
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
Thinking outside the box : enhancing science teaching by combining (instead of contrasting) laboratory and simulation activities
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
(Fe)male crafts : the gender-based craft education in Finland
The Sage encyclopedia of classroom management. 2
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Teaching Outside the Box: How to Grab Your Students by Their Brain, Third Edition integrates practical strategies and engaging advice for new and experienced teachers. Whether you are preparing for your first year of teaching or have been working in the classroom for decades, this conversational book provides you with answers to the essential questions that you face as an educator—how to engage students, encourage self-directed learning, differentiate instruction, and create dynamic lessons that nurture critical thinking and strategic problem solving. This updated edition includes expanded material that touches on Project-Based Learning, brain-based teaching, creating smooth transitions, integrating Common Core into the classroom, and other key subject areas. Questions for reflection at the end of each chapter help you leverage this resource in book groups, professional development courses, and in both undergraduate and graduate classes.
Reflections on creating an international virtual benchmarking model for authentic e-learning : crossing boundaries and breaking down barriers
Teachers of English in Finnish upper secondary general school and their job satisfaction
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Breaking down barriers : teaching to learn and learning to teach in a music conservatory's outreach program
From memories of the past to anticipations of the future:pre-service elementary teachers’ mathematical identity work
Training professionals for the global marketplace: cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
