http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28699 general works
general works
Encyclopedia of survey research methods
Cecil textbook of medicine
Antisemitism : a historical encyclopedia of prejudice and persecution
XVIII World Masters Athletics Championships Stadia Lahti Finland 28 july - 8 august 2009 : official photobook I
Costa Rica : development of scientific and technological research
Iraq, a country study
Onions and allied crops. Vol. 1, Botany, physiology, and genetics
Facts about Finland
Understanding the dairy cow
Physics
A handbook of food packaging
Mongolia, a country study
An introduction to tropical food science
Integrated principles of zoology
Modern nutrition in health and disease : vol. 1-2
The Faroe Islands
Norway
Microbes and man
Cecil textbook of medicine. Vol. 1
Ecology and management of Atlantic salmon
Manual of nutrition
Modern nutrition in health and disease
The Oxford Handbook of the Sociology of Religion
A portrait of our Europe : information on the Member States and the Development of the European Union
The literature student's survival kit : what every reader needs to know
Plant physiology
Republic of China yearbook
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights : a commentary
Concise Oxford textbook of medicine
'Damn, all my cheating secrets revealed. In book form' Stephen Fry Which philosopher had the maddest hairstyle? Which novelist drank 50 cups of black coffee every day? What on earth did Simone de Beauvoir see in Jean-Paul Sartre? How to Sound Cultured offers a wry and yet profoundly useful look inside the mirrored palaces of high culture. Covering such inscrutable characters as Heidegger, Montaigne, Kahlo and Levi-Strauss (apparently not just a designer of jeans), inscrutable polymaths Thomas W. Hodgkinson and Hubert van den Bergh - the author of the acclaimed How to Sound Clever - have done the hard work of sorting the cultural wheat from the chaff. Read this book and you'll never again mistake Rimbaud for Rambo or Georg Lukacs for George Lucas, you'll know precisely when to drop Foucault's name into a conversation and how to pronounce 'Borgesian', and you'll learn many more essential pointers for the intellectual life.
Politics in Israel : a country study
Vietnam : a country study
Old Testament theology : a thematic approach
Food theory and applications
Onions and allied crops. Vol. 2, Agronomy, biotic interactions, pathology, and crop protection
Power unseen : how microbes rule the world
Principles of plant nutrition
Facts about Germany
Principles of health and safety in agriculture
Goat farming
Public libraries in Finland / Gateways to knowledge and culture
Computer science : an interdisciplinary approach
The grammar of words : an introduction to linguistic morphology
Sri Lanka : a country study
Onions and allied crops. Vol. 3, Biochemistry, food science, and minor crops
1951-1991 : image of an age : exhibition on the occasion of the celebration of the sixtieth birthday of His Majesty King Baudouin and the fortieth anniversary of His reign, Palais des Beaux-Arts, Brussels, 1 March - 12 May, 1991.
Iceland
Rye : production, chemistry, and technology
The Cambridge encyclopedia of Japan
Paraguay, a country study
General knowledge
New trends in veal calf production : proceedings of the International symposium on veal calf production, Wageningen, Netherlands, 14 - 16 March 1990
Plant pathology
Area handbook for Finland
European handbook of plant diseases
Marketing : an introduction
The Merck manual of medical information
The Soviet Union through the eyes of an American
Antarctica and the Arctic : the complete encyclopedia
How to sound cultured : master the 250 names that intellectuals love to drop into conversation
XVIII World Masters Athletics Championships Stadia Lahti Finland 28 july - 8 august 2009 : official photobook II
The Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works from 1886 to 1986.
Poultry production
Physical chemistry
International political economy : managing world economic change
Molecular biology of the cell
Biochemistry of foods
Therapia Fennica
Pattern and process in macroecology
Alfalfa and alfalfa improvement
Primer of ecological theory
Islamic republic of Iran
Perspectives in world agriculture
Food : the chemistry of its components
