http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2876 drivers (technical objects)
drivers (technical objects)
HARMONICS OVER POWER LINES MEASUREMENT : Algorithm in C and testing environment
Ion yields in HIGISOL experiments based on JYFLTRAP data and PACE4 simulations : based on JYFLTRAP data and PACE4 simulations
Internet of things : an introduction with PIC microcontrollers
Motor control with PLC
Abstract: In this thesis the wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller will be analysed. Due to the fast evolving field of embedded wireless applications, this project was initiated by the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Science in order to provide a platform for future projects. The main part of this thesis will discuss the the nRFgo software development kit and the hardware hardware of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller. Tools that have been used are an integrated development environment provided by the Sein채joki University of Applied Sciences and a C language compiler named SDCC. As a result, this study has deepened the understanding of the hardware and the nRFgo software development kit and their capabilities. The microcontroller has some excellent characteristics that makes it an interesting object in order to build wireless sensor networks. The system on a chip architecure makes it a meaningful tool for sensing and communication. This thesis gives an introduction into wirless sensor networks and the properties of the nRF24LE1 microcontroller with a build in radio frequncy unit, demonstrating the capabilities of this promissing system on a chip microcontroller and enabling further research in the field of wireless embedded networking and wireless sensor networks for the Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences.
AVR RISC microcontroller handbook
Controller tuning and control loop performance
Microcontroller systems engineering : 45 projects for PIC, AVR and ARM
Mechatronics : an integrated approach
Redesign of Keyboard and Light Control Unit
Arduino robotics
Abstract.
PIC in practice : a project-based approach
Lego and Arduino projects
Microelectronics packaging handbook. Part 2, Semiconductor packaging
Open-source robotics and process control cookbook : designing and building robust, dependable real-time systems
Robotics : control and programming
Touch screen demo board
Wireless sensor networks controlled with PIC microcontrollers and Zigbee protocol
PIC microcontrollers : an introduction to microelectronics
Programming 32-bit microcontrollers in C : exploring the PIC32
8051 microcontrollers : hardware, software and applications
Hacking the Kinect is the technogeek's guide to developing software and creating projects involving the groundbreaking volumetric sensor known as the Microsoft Kinect. Microsoft's release of the Kinect in the fall of 2010 startled the technology world by providing a low-cost sensor that can detect and track body movement in three-dimensional space.
PIC : your personal introductory course
C and the 8051. [1], Hardware, modular programming, and multitasking
Create 30 PIC microcontroller projects with Flowcode 6
Hacking the Kinect
Microcontroller based PID controller
The TAB book of Arduino projects : 36 things to make with shields and proto shields
GPIB controller for relays
Make: basic Arduino projects : 26 experiments with microcontrollers and electronics
Data acquisition system using Atmega128L
The firmware handbook
Microcontrollers : fundamentals and applications with PIC
Beginning C for Arduino : learn C programming for the Arduino and compatible microcontrollers
Programming and cutomizing the AVR microcontroller
From off-the-shelf to do-it-yourself : an exploration and demonstration of DIY electronics culture with DRUM-O
The Design of Key Finder Using Bluetooth Low Energy Technology
Neural and fuzzy logic control of drives and power systems
Exploration of SOPC design
Development of an Atmel AVR microcontroller card
Embedded systems architecture : a comprehensive guide for engineers and programmers
A design approach on tactile gloves for commercial usage in the video game industry
PIC cookbook for virtual instrumentation
Beginning C for Arduino : learn C programming for the Arduino
Handbook of PI and PID controller tuning rules
Exploration of SOPC design flow
Programmable logic controllers : programming methods and applications
Research about wireless sensor network feasibility of the nRF24LE1D microcontroller
Testing and implementing wavelet data compression in wireless sensor system
Mechatronics : principles and applications
Exploring Arduino : tools and techniques for engineering wizardry
Introduction to mechatronics and measurement systems
Python for microcontrollers : getting started with MicroPython
Indoor Location Systems based on ZigBee networks
The insider's guide to the Philips ARM7-based microcontrollers : an engineer's introduction to the LPC2100 series
Arduino cookbook
Arduino : a technical reference : a handbook for technicians, engineers, and makers
Three-phase Brushless DC Motor Control
Design of a wireless ABS system
Controlling Bluetooth low energy with Arduino
DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF A SMART METER PROTOTYPE USING AVR465 MICROCONTROLLER
Beginning C for Arduino is written for those who have no prior experience with microcontrollers or programming but would like to experiment and learn both. This book introduces you to the C programming language, reinforcing each programming structure with a simple demonstration of how you can use C to control the Arduino family of microcontrollers. Author Jack Purdum uses an engaging style to teach good programming techniques using examples that have been honed during his 25 years of university teaching. Beginning C for Arduino will teach you: The C programming language How to use C to control a microcontroller and related hardware How to extend C by creating your own library routines During the course of the book, you will learn the basics of programming, such as working with data types, making decisions, and writing control loops. You'll then progress onto some of the trickier aspects of C programming, such as using pointers effectively, working with the C preprocessor, and tackling file I/O. Each chapter ends with a series of exercises and review questions to test your knowledge and reinforce what you have learned.
Computer-controlled systems : theory and design
Practical computer analysis of switch mode power supplies
Design and creation of an HMI and a PROFIBUS network configuration with a PLC for a coiler drive
Introduction to microelectronic systems : the PIC 16F84 microcontroller
GSM Remote Control Heater
PIC BASIC projects : 30 projects using PIC BASIC and PIC BASIC PRO
An FPGA Music Player
Microcontroller basics
Cointegration in the yield curve of Finnish money market 1987-2008
Fast and effective embedded systems design : applying the arm mbed
Design and evaluation of physically interactive games
Real-time C++ : efficient object-oriented and template micro-controller programming
Sfs-k채sikirja. 93-8, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 8: Ohjaimet, merkinantolaitteet, merkinantosignaalit, turvamerkinn채t ; Manual controls, displays, signals, safety signs
An introduction to AVR microcontrollers : revision 1.0
Mechatronics design and robotics : embedded control, wheeled & insect robots
Getting started with Netduino
Understand the core elements of the Arduino programming language. Interact with almost any device that has a remote control. Transfer digital information from sensors to the Arduino device.
Programming and interfacing the 8051 microcontroller
50 PIC microcontroller projects : for beginners and experts
Design, construction and programming of an air quality measurement device
Ingenious jigs & shop accessories : clever ideas for improving your shop and tools
Load Sharing Communication between Different Engine/Generator Controllers
Mechatronics : an introduction
Artificial Intelligence : 23 projects to bring your mictocontroller to life!
Touch Screen Demo Board
Solar charge controller in solar street light
Arduino in Action
Keyfax omnibus edition
ARM based UART data transmission with asymmetric key encryption using RSA algorithm
Arduino workshop : a hands-on introduction with 65 projects
Embedded kit for embedded software simulation and troubleshooting
Hydraulic trainer. Vol. 4, Logic element technology : a text and reference book on logic elements
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 8, Ohjaimet, merkinantolaitteet, merkinantosignaalit, turvamerkinn채t = Manual controls, displays, signals, safety signs
Programming and customizing the 8051 microcontroller
C and the 8051. 2, Building efficient applications
