http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2874 dialectics
dialectics
Hegel and the sciences
From a topical point of view : dialectic in Anselm of Canterbury's De Grammatico
Traditions of controversy
"A parallax can be defined as the apparent displacement of an object caused by a change in observational position. Author Slavoj Zizek is interested in the "parallax gap" separating two points between which no synthesis or mediation is possible, linked by an "impossible short circuit" of levels that can never meet. From this consideration of parallax, Zizek begins a rehabilitation of dialectical materialism. The Parallax View not only expands Zizek's Lacanian-Hegelian approach to new domains (notably cognitive brain sciences) but also provides the systematic exposition of the conceptual framework that underlies his entire work."--BOOK JACKET.
Hegel's Phenomenology : the sociality of reason
Chinese dialectics : from Yijing to Marxism
Hegel's History of philosophy : new interpretations
Dialectic and rhetoric : the warp and woof of argumentation analysis
Essays in Hegelian dialectic
Hegel's Lectures on the history of philosophy : with an introduction by Tom Rockmore
Dialectic and dialogue : Plato's practice of philosophical inquiry
Relating : dialogues and dialectics
"This book aims to recover the disruptive nature of the dialectical tradition by means of a severe critique of the dominance of an anthropology of the individual identity in contemporary theories of recognition. This critique implies a thorough rethinking of basic concepts such as desire, negativity, will and drive, with Hegel, Lacan and Adorno being our main guides."
Logic and system : a study of the transition from "Vorstellung" to thought in the philosophy of Hegel
Dialectic and dialogue
The logic of Hegel's logic : an introduction
The dimensions of Hegel's dialectic
English summary: Antipodes or twins : Soviet marxism and modern western rationality.
This volume comprises one of the key lecture courses leading up to the publication in 1966 of Adorno's major work, "Negative Dialectics."
Hegel's science of logic. Volume 1
Ilyenkov and Foucault : paradoxes and impossible connections
Dialectics : a controversy-oriented approach to the theory of knowledge
Lectio prae cursoria for a dissertation in Speech Communication Research publically defended at the University of Jyväskylä on December 19, 2011. The main purpose of this study is to describe and to understand the intercultural couples' relationships in Finland from the relational-dialectics perspective by Baxter and Montgomery (1996). Following the interpretive research tradition, in this qualitative study, data were collected from 18 heterosexual intercultural couples (36 persons), utilizing the multi-method approach. The multi-method approach in this study includes theme interviews (5 couples), concept map interviews (six couples) and e-mail interviews (seven couples). The data were analyzed following an inductive content analysis approach. The intercultural couples in this study experienced internal and external dialectics, related respectively to intercultural adaptation, e.g. need of support, uncertainty about the future, and identity confusion issues, and to challenges of inclusion and exclusion regarding, e.g. family support, and access to a social network. Intercultural relational dialectical forces present in the intercultural couples' relationships include continual re-negotiation, cultural identity and belonging, increased sensitivity to differences and similarities, social power, social support, and uncertainty..
Paradigms, science and reality : on dialectics, hermeneutics and positivism in the social sciences
The Blackwell guide to Hegel's Phenomenology of spirit
Deleuze, the dark precursor : dialectic, structure, being
Tradition, experience, interpretation : a dialectical model for describing the development of religious thought
Marx, Hayek, and utopia
Problems of philosophical argumentation
Dialectics : the logic of marxism and its critics - an essay in exploration
Dialectical social theory and its critics : from Hegel to analytical marxism and postmodernism
History and the dialectic of violence : an analysis of Sartre's Critique de la raison dialectique
The myth of popular culture from Dante to Dylan
Mao Tse-tung's theory of dialectic
The phenomenology of mind
Open Marxism. Vol. 1, Dialectics and history
Subjectivity in indeterminate and discursive ontologies : Judith Butler as a post-Hegelian deconstructionist
The Hegel dictionary
Bertolt Brecht : dialetics, poetry, politics
Logic and reality : an investigation into the idea of a dialectical system
The dialectic in journalism : toward a responsible use of press freedom
Hegel's dialectic : five hermeneutical studies
Dance of the dialectic : steps in Marx's method
The problem of method
Dialectic and inquiry in Aristotle
Adventures of the dialectic
Dialogue and dialectic : eight hermeneutical studies on Plato
Hegel : the restlessness of the negative
The method is the message : rethinking McLuhan through critical theory
Marx and contradiction
Reclaiming reality : a critical introduction to contemporary philosophy
Hegel's dialectic and its criticism
Grand Hotel Abyss : desire, recognition and the restoration of the subject
Problems of the Hegelian dialectic : dialectic reconstructed as a logic of human reality
Plato's earlier dialectic
Total freedom : toward a dialectical libertarianism
This book is Marcuse's interpretation of Hegel's philosophy and the influence it has had on European political thought from the French Revolution to the present day. Marcuse illuminates the implications of Hegel's ideas with later developments in European thought, particularily with Marxist theory.
The parallax view
Aristotle's concept of dialectic
Comments on contradictions in the life and work of Kr. P. Misirkov
Surveys of dialectics
Hegel's dialectic of desire and recognition : texts and commentary
Marxist dialectics of justice and equality : licentiate thesis
Topics : Books I and VIII with excerpts from related texts
Dialectic of enlightenment
Georg Lukács' marxism : alienation, dialectics, revolution : a study in utopia and ideology
Dialectics : a classical approach to inquiry
Diagrams of sensation : Deleuze and aesthetics
Plasticity at the dusk of writing : dialectic, destruction, deconstruction
Marx's Capital and Hegel's Logic : a reexamination
The philosophy of Hegel : a systematic exposition
Dialectical logic : essays on its history and theory
Dialectics of force : ontobia
Divine dialectic : Dante's incarnational poetry
Lectures on negative dialectics : fragments of a lecture course 1965/1966
Ayn Rand : the Russian radical
Pedagogy of praxis : a dialectical philosophy of education
Dialectical thinking and adult development
Hegel, Marx and dialectic : a debate
Reason and revolution : Hegel and the rise of social theory
Hegel, Heraclitus and Marx's dialectic
Issues in Marxist philosophy. 1, Dialectics and method
Beyond the screenplay : a dialectical approach to dramaturgy
The communist ideal in Hegel and Marx
Dialectics of nature
Considering pragma-dialectics : a festschrift for Frans H. van Eemeren on the occasion of his 60th birthday
Hegel's science of logic. Volume 2
Dialog theory for critical argumentation
Fichte : historical contexts/contemporary controversies
The discourses of science
Philosophy bites back
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Method and speculation in Hegel's phenomenology
The strife of systems : an essay on the grounds and implications of philosophical diversity
Towards a new Marxism : proceedings of the first International Telos Conference, October 8-11, 1970, Waterloo, Ontario
Dialectical theory of meaning
The ontology of social being. 1, Hegel's false and his genuine ontology
Dialectics of the body : corporeality in the philosophy of T. W. Adorno
Hegel on art : an interpretation of Hegel's aesthetics
Dialectic and difference : finitude in modern thought
Dialectic and theology in the eleventh century
Desire, dialectic, and otherness : an essay on origins
Linguistic change in Galway City English : a variationist sociolinguistic study of (th) and (dh) in urban Western Irish English
The power of negativity : selected writings on the dialectic in Hegel and Marx
The philosophy of Hegel
A systematic theory of argumentation : the pragma-dialectical approach
Corresponding sense : Paul, dialectic, and Gadamer
Dialectic : the pulse of freedom
Dialectics of the ideal : Evald Ilyenkov and creative Soviet Marxism
Negative dialectics
Dialectics and Marxist theory
Lectures on the history of philosophy
Dialectics and nihilism : essays on Lessing, Nietzsche, Mann and Kafka. by Peter Heller
The young Hegel : studies in the relations between dialectics and economics
Metaphysics : an introduction
Hegel's science of logic
Valences of the dialectic
The development of dialectic from Plato to Aristotle
Explorations in ancient and modern philosophy
Dialectics of the concrete : a study on problems of man and world
Systems dialectics
Aristotle on dialectic : the Topics : proceedings of the third Symposium Aristotelicum
