http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28709 self-help (psychology)
self-help (psychology)
In Tears to Triumph, the author argues that we-as a culture and as individuals-have learned to avoid facing pain. By doing so, we are neglecting the spiritual work of healing. Instead of allowing ourselves to embrace our hurt, we numb it, medicate it, dismiss it, or otherwise divert our attention so that we never have to face it. In refusing to acknowledge our suffering, we actually prolong it and deny ourselves the opportunity for profound wisdom-ultimately limiting our personal growth and opportunity for enlightenment. Frozen by denial, we are left standing in the breech. Whole industries profit from this immobility, and while they have grown rich, we have become spiritually poorer. As Marianne makes clear, true healing and transcendence can only come when we finally face our pain and wrestle with what it has to teach us. Written with warm compassion and profound wisdom, Tears to Triumph offers us a powerful way forward through the pain, to a deeper awareness of our feelings, our lives, and our true selves.
Fat is a feminist issue
The how of happiness : a scientific approach to getting the life you want
You can change the way you think about yourself and other people, and increase your self-confidence and self-trust. You can build better relationships, even at work. You can manage your life and time, and learn to use your strengths. You can be kinder to yourself and to others, and live your life like it really matters. And this book can show you how! Choosing Happiness is a rich, inclusive, and broad-ranging book, offering the skills and insights you need in order to be more inwardly stable, content, and happier - and to interact with other people in a more positive and rewarding way.
How to relax
Self-help, social work and empowerment
A year of miracles : daily devotions and reflections
Who am I without you? :  52 ways to rebuild self-esteem after a breakup
Mindfulness for dummies
Change for the better : self-help through practical psychotherapy
Self help group: an approach to women empowerment in Chhattisgarh
Overcoming hoarding : a self-help guide to using cognitive behavioural techniques
♯Now : the surprising truth about the power of now
Tears to triumph : the spiritual journey from suffering to enlightenment
The therapeutic turn : how psychology altered Western culture
Choosing happiness : life & soul essentials
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
In The Gifts of Imperfection, Brené Brown, a leading expert on shame, authenticity, and belonging, shares ten guideposts on the power of Wholehearted living--a way of engaging with the world from a place of worthiness.
Designing your life : build a life that works for you
Whether we're 20, 40, 60 or older, many of us are still looking for an answer to that perennial question, 'What do you want to be when you grow up?' Using real-life stories and proven techniques like reframing, prototyping and mind-mapping, the authors use their expertise to help you work out what you want - and how to get it
The gifts of imperfection : Let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
