http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p287 own-account workers
own-account workers
Awareness and participation towards encouraging sustainable urban water management : a case study of the Jakkur Lake, Bangalore
The world has been changing, and entrepreneurship has been studied and researched by many theorists, researchers and authors and yet it has been concluded that there are many definitions of entrepreneurship, but no universally accepted one. The role of entrepreneurship plays an important part in our economy today. Many business entrepreneurs from the past have developed their businesses and even new industries have emerged. This thesis describes entrepreneurship and the basic concepts and forms of tourism mostly run by many tourism business entrepreneurs. Tourism industry is a very wide range of products, and the demand is increasing. It is beneficial to understand the role of entrepreneurs and how their businesses can be developed by determining the strategies for success in developing business of entrepreneurs. In the Tampere Region, the Hiking Travel HIT LP is an example of developing tourism business entrepreneurship. The enterprise has been successful in its business for almost two decades now, offering different types of events, nature and rural tourism and outdoor sports activities. The enterprise provides professional training and courses in paddling and kayaking for summer sports and Nordic ice skating, cross-country skiing, downhill skiing, telemark skiing and snowshoeing for winter sports. In addition, Hiking Travel HIT LP manufactures canoes, kayaks, and outdoor sports equipment. The main objective of this thesis was to provide recommendations for Hiking Travel HIT LP that may apply in the development process of the enterprise. The results of the study proved that understanding the literally defined meaning of entrepreneurship is not enough; there is a need to look at the key ideas, theories and their influences. And the word 'tourism' makes it more complicated since it has a wide range of meanings as well. The interview of Hiking Travel HIT LP owner helped the writer of the thesis to create a constructive description of tourism business entrepreneurs.
Establishing and doing business in Finland
Entrepreneurship : successfully launching new ventures
The other hundred entrepreneurs : 100 faces places stories
Dispute resolution in international electronic commerce
Setting Up A Business : Practical Guide For A Finnish Sole Proprietor
Assisting spouses of the self-employed : report of the two round tables organised by the European Commission in Brussels on 7 February and 23 and 24 June 1997
Tourism business entrepreneurs : a guide for developing your business
Self-employment and pension provision for the self-employed in Finland
The entrepreneur in focus : achieve your potential
Professional services in the EU internal market : quality regulation and self-regulation
Alternation between self-employment and wage work in rural and urban labour markets
From unemployment to sustainable self-employment? : an analysis of the survival of new independent micro firms established by unemployed former start-up training programme participants in Scotland
Image and brand development of a destination : case Helsinki
