http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28796 Romanian language literature
Romanian language literature
The grand prize and other stories
Fairy tales and legends from Romania
In a little town in Romania, a mass grave is discovered near the excavations of a Roman fort. Are the dead the victims of a medieval plague or, perhaps, of a Communist firing squad? And why are finger bones disappearing from the pit each night? Petrus, a young archaeologist, decides to do some investigating of his own. Meanwhile, an Orthodox monk in the surrounding mountains stumbles into history when he becomes the father confessor of a partisan bent on bringing down the government, one handmade grenade and one derailed train at a time. Not to mention a team of Argentinean forensic anthropologists who arrive in town in a cloud of rock music, shredded jeans, and tequila. Florian has packed real history, a religious pilgrimage, a criminal investigation, a recipe for roast pigeon, and a love story into two hundred truly remarkable pages.
Romanian essayists of today : [Edgar Papu, Nicolae Balota, Alexandru Philippide, et al.]
Youth without youth
Myth and modernity in the twentieth century Romanian novel
The traditions of invention : Romanian ethnic and social stereotypes in historical context
Strofe de-a lungul anilor = Stanzas along the years
Memory glyphs : 3 prose poets from Romania
Banished voices : readings in Ovid's exile poetry
Classics of Romanian literature. Vol. 1, Selected works of Ion Creanga and Mihail Eminescu
"Liliana Ursu's poems are like flowers at the edge of the abyss. They are beautifully clear and precise, but behind them one glimpses the presence of an ineradicable dark."-Mark Strand "Ursu writes poetry that is wild and unpredictable, on the brink of flying away beyond real and imagined borders. Her short poems are stunning, unforgettable, and expertly translated into exciting English texts by Sean Cotter."-Ray Gonzalez "Lightwall" refers to the angled casements built to reflect sunlight into basement apartments in Bucharest. These poems bring light where it ordinarily does not reach: Romanian trains, old suitcases, the medieval city where Ursu was born. Her poems connect her home in old Bucharest to her travels in the United States, and her Orthodox spirituality with her modern, Balkan context. Liliana Ursu is a poet, prose writer, and translator. She has published seventeen books in Romania and three have been translated into English. Ursu produces radio programs in Bucharest, has received two Fulbright grants to teach at Penn State, and has also taught creative writing at the University of Louisville, Kentucky. Sean Cotter has translated four books of Romanian poetry, including Zephyr's volume of Liliana Ursu's poetry, "Goldsmith Market" (2004).
Wasted morning : a novel
Hidden tales from Eastern Europe
Aspects of Transylvanian Hungarian literature (1919-1929)
Coming from an off-key time : a novel
Mimesis in a cognitive perspective : Mallarmé, Flaubert, and Eminescu
The literature of post-Communist Slovenia, Slovakia, Hungary and Romania : a study
Blinding : the left wing
The Romanian novel
The hour of sand : selected poems 1969-1989
This study examines the literary complexities of the poetry which Ovid wrote in Tomis, his place of exile on the coast of the Black Sea after he was banished from Rome by the emperor Augustus in AD 8 because of the alleged salaciousness of the Ars Amatoria and a mysterious misdemeanour which is nowhere explained. Exile transforms Ovid into a melancholic poet of despair who claims that his creative faculties are in terminal decline. But research has exposed the ironic disjunction between many of the poet's claims and the latent artistry which belies them. Through a series of close readings which offer an analytical contribution to the scholarly evaluation of the exile poetry, Dr Williams examines the nature and the extent of Ovidian irony in Tomis and demonstrates the complex literary designs which are consistently disguised under a veil of dissimulation.
Epistulae ex Ponto. Book I
The hatchet ; The life of Stephen the Great
Render : Anthology of Korunk
Literature in totalitarian regimes : confrontation, autonomy, survival
The Golden Bough. Nr. 1 - 1995 ; editors: Aurora Fabritius, Nic. Iliescu ; translators: Florin Bican, Bogdan Stefanescu ; pictura: Ion Gheorghiu: magazine of arts and letters
The golden bough : the romanian novel
When Ovid, already renowned for his love poetry, the Metamorphoses and other works, was exiled by Augustus to Tomis on the Black Sea in AD 8, he continued to write. After five books of Tristia, he composed a collection of verse letters, the Epistulae ex Ponto, in which he appeals to his friends and supporters in Rome, lamenting his lot and begging for their help in mitigating it. In these epistolary elegies his inventiveness flourishes no less than before and his imaginative self-fashioning is as ingenious and engaging as ever, although in a minor key. This commentary on Book I assists intermediate and advanced students in understanding Ovid's language and style, while guiding them in the appreciation of his poetic art. The introduction examines the literary background of the Epistulae ex Ponto, their relation to Ovid's earlier works, and their special interest and appeal to readers of Augustan poetry.
Mihail Sadoveanu
AT THE COURT OF YEARNING
Classical and contemporary Romanian writers : notes on their life and work
" Part visceral dream-memoir, part fictive journey through a hallucinatory Bucharest, Mircea Cărtărescu's Blinding was one of the most widely heralded literary sensations in contemporary Romania, and a bestseller from the day of its release. Riddled with hidden passageways, mesmerizing tapestries, and whispering butterflies, Blinding takes us on a mystical trip into the protagonist's childhood, his memories of hospitalization as a teenager, the prehistory of his family, a traveling circus, Secret police, zombie armies, American fighter pilots, the underground jazz scene of New Orleans, and the installation of the communist regime. This kaleidoscopic world is both eerily familiar and profoundly new. Readers of Blinding will emerge from this strange pilgrimage shaken, and entirely transformed. " -- (Archipelago Books)
