http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28726 guides (occupations)
guides (occupations)
Becoming a graphic designer : a guide to careers in design
Customer service English course for university personnel. Teacher's book
Exporting to Finland : a guide book for Zambian agricultural & processed food products : exporters; using coffee and honey as case products : client: Export Board of Zambia (EBZ)
Football coaching guide for middle school coaches at international schools
Process study : Wärtsilä Turku training centre
A practical guide for translators
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : study guide 2005-2006
Kemi-Tornio polytechnic : ects stydy guide 1999-2000.. 1999-2000
Creative thesis writing : a guide to development and research work
Employee orientation as a recruitment retention tool : developing an employee orientation manual for the haemodialysis unit
Preoperative counseling of child patients from the age of 6 to 9 : a counseling folder for surgical child patients
Event marketing in car industry : case: Carfest
Medical tourism - benefits and risk : a guide of awareness on undergoing cosmetic procedures abroad
Becoming a tour guide : principles of guiding and site interpretation
Handbook for international students
Manual for the secretary of Graduate School of Finance
Guide Book for International Students 2005-2006
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : study guide 2004-2005
Thesis guide
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2009-2010 : for international students
Fostering learning and leadership : organizational change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Prey
Experience Exchange : a guide to the Lahti Institute of Design and Fine Arts for the Exchange Students
Basic strategy in corporate event management : guide for Nigerian event firms
Revising and editing for translators
Survival kit for exchange students at Salo campus
Vocational education and training institutions : a management handbook and CD-ROM
Purchasing Property in Thailand
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2007-2008 : for international students
A guide to the final year project
Cookbook for project coordinators
Final year project : writer's guide
Recognise your opportunities : workbook for students
The subject of this final thesis is to make a training course delivery process guide from working processes of Wärtsilä Turku Training Centre. The work is commisioned by Wärtsilä and the purpose of the thesis is to create a process guide, which includes definitions, descriptions or/and work instructions of the actions in the process. The processes are also analyzed, and the improvement targets are brought out, if necessary. This thesis includes background information about Wärtsilä, theory information about work processes, process charts, process improvement, and process guides. This thesis introduces Wärtsilä Turku Training Centreś process environment. The process environment consists of internal and external customers, own  employees and the tools used in the process. The process study is made by interviewing employees behind the actions and by exploring old instructions made from the actions of this process. The process study is made by interviewing employees behind the actions ad by exploring old instructions made from the actions of this process. The end result of this thesis is a detailded process guide which is easily accessible and updatable for all the employees involved to the process. As another result of this final thesis the actions that migh need improvement are bought out for further study.
Thesis instructions
Note-taking manual : a study guide for interpreters and everyone who takes notes
Microsoft Project 2010
The professional guide : dynamics of tour guiding
Abstract (s. 8-9)
Powerful Presentations : Developing practical guidebook for students
The opera singer's career guide : understanding the European Fach system
Art career guide : a guidance handbook for art students, teachers, vocational counselors, and job hunters
Kemi-Tornio polytechnic : study guide. 1998-1999
The ABC of anaesthesia nursing for perioperative nursing students : a tool to support learning during practical training
Employee-driven innovation : the manager's guide to EDI
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : ects study guide 2003-2004
The trainee handbook : a guide for counselling and psychotherapy trainees
Study guide & ECTS information guide
Report on the Toolkit : advocating for sexual and reproductive health and rights of young people and youth participation
ECTS information package
DJing for dummies
Guide for thesis and academic writing
Columbus was an immigrant too : guide for immigrants`living in Salo
How to be an illustrator
Making practical training a success : case: international practical training process at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
The student nurse handbook : a survival guide
The musician's handbook : a practical guide to understanding the music business
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2008-2009 : for international students
Student information and ECTS guide
Lunkki : information for new students
Kemi-Tornio polytechnic : ects study guide 2000-2001.. 2000-2001
Preparing children for general anaesthesia : English - Somali booklet
Design research (applied action research) as thesis research : a practical guide for thesis research
Professional writing for the human services
Coaching education program for United Arab Emirates ice hockey association  : building the framework and level 1 material
Guide Book for International Students 2004-2005
Training, taking care of personnel and business
Study guide and student handbook
Emergency plan of special situation : opinnäytetyö
Abstract: A Guide for Immigrants about Finnish Cuisine.
Guide for organizing ice hockey events
Guide book for international students
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
Safety planning manual for the Youth Centre Villa Elba
Thesis instructions : degree programme in international business
A Volunteer program guidebook for sport managers organizing large scale ice hockey tournaments
Lapin AMK : Lapland University of Applied Sciences
Working in Finland : information for immigrants
A guide to the Master's Final Year Project
The purpose for this thesis was to create a survival kit where the exchange students coming to Salo campus of Turku University of Applied Sciences could find answers to all the most frequently asked questions about Salo and what it offers. The outcome was booklet which can be handed to all the incoming exchange students. There is also an electronic version that it can be downloaded from the website of TUAS. The aim for doing this booklet was to ease the work load of the international office and to help the exchange students and the student tutors to get to know Salo better. The booklet was done by first assessing what information is needed. The different sights in  Salo were restricted according to location or interes factor. This was also a requirement since the purpose was to create a booklet and not a book. Collecting the information was easy since the information was readily available but in many different sources. After all information was collected it was written in rather simple English for everybody to understand. The actual booklet was created with a program called Adobe InDesign. This part of the process needed  only placing the text and self-taken pictures in a logical and pleasant way. The finished booklet was given to a few exchange students for feedback and possible improvements. The feedback was mainly positive with e.g. a praise from a student who had stayed in Salo for eight months already. Exchange students would like have more information about organized events. Overall there was hardly anything that they would want to change/added. The few ideas that came up or will come up in the future can easily be added later on, especially to the e-version.
Project reporting instructions
White heat
Russko-anglijskij slovar' dlâ gidov-perevodčikov i èkskursovodov = Russian-English dictionary for escort interpreters and tour guides
Ethical point of view in design
Selling quality at Laatukoru Oy: Introduction to Swiss watches
Developing a Guide for Internship in Spain. Case: Spain Internship SC
Note-taking for consecutive interpreting : a short course
International studies
Music business handbook and career guide
Tiivistelmä: Emergency plan of special situation.
Guide to social media in business
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Automated continuous documentation : case Contriboard
How to DJ (properly) : the art and science of playing records
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Practical guide for translators
Haaga Future Leaders Club is an optional addition to student's curriculum in Haaga. Its fundamental purpose is to facilitate the learning of its members. HFLC's main activities are project assignments from the industry, representation in competitions and events as well as supportive functions such as coaching and mentoring. Haaga Future Leaders Club was formed in December 2009 and the first meeting was held on January 15, 2010. First year of operations revealed challenges which were interpreted as deriving from the lack of organizational structures which resulted in poor organizational culture and perceived lowered motivation of the members. Despite the challenges, the pilot was seen successful and interpreted as being in need for further studying. The primary object of the thesis is to organize a workshop to collect material for a Member's guide leaflet. The Member's guide to be used as a facilitator for Haaga Future Leaders Club's operations and to clarify its identity and start building the self-directed organizational structure. The thesis is project-oriented with two interdependent products: 1) Workshop, where the material for the Member's guide is created, and the 2) Member's guide itself. The workshop stands as a starting point for the change process in Haaga Future Leaders Club, which is expected to lead to imcreased self-direction and subsequently to continuity and the development of the group. The theoretic background is based on a combination of learning and leadership. Two main theories are transformative learning and transformational leadership. The thesis was completed during the spring 2011. The goal of the thesis was reached as the workshop provided material for Haaga Future Leaders Club - Member's guide and started the change process. The outcome of the change process is to be evaluated in future. Did the thesis influence the organizational culture and practices of Haaga Future Leaders Club?
Information Package : courses offered in English during the operational year 1998-1999
Generational Transition on a Farm
Field guide : how to be a fashion designer
How to grow as a musician : what all musicians must know to succeed
Doing library research : an introduction for community college students
The Bone Seeker
Excursion guide : study trip to Italy : October 1996
Business guide to the Kaluga region of Russia
The bone seeker
Career skills : a guide to long-term succes
Trader's ABC. 4, Insurance
DJ Skills : the essential guide to mixing and scratching
Doing business in Finland : a guidebook for Chinese
The boy in the snow
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : ects study guide 2002-2003
Survival guide for international students
The gigging musician : how to get, play and keep the gig
Technical writing : principles, strategies, and readings
Abstract: Emergency plan of special situation.
Thesis guide : master's degrees
Employee orientation as a recruitment retention tool : Developing an employee orientation manual for the haemodialysis unit
Study guide
Clothes & your appearance
Abstract: Blogging about Disneyland Paris.
Access all areas : a real world guide to gigging and touring
Survival guide for foreign students
Addressing intimate partner violence : guidelines for health professionals in maternity and child health care
A guide book for students interested in exchange studies in Australia
Developing and branding the fashion merchandising portfolio
