http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2872 origin of the universe
origin of the universe
Astrobiology of earth : the emergence, evolution, and future of life on planet in turmoil
Spooky action at a distance : the phenomenon that reimagines space and time and what it means for black holes, the big bang and theories of everything
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Cosmological pattern of microphysics in the inflationary universe
Time's arrow, time's cycle : myth and metaphor in the discovery of geological time
Can we travel through time? : the 20 big questions of physics
The story of astronomy and space
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus. Vol. 1, Book 1: Proclus on the Socratic state and Atlantis
Big bang : the most important scientific discovery of all the time and why you need to know about it
How to build a universe : from the big bang to the end of the universe
Cosmogonic themes in the Finnish Kalevala epic and Vedic Indian hymns
Epic of evolution : seven ages of the cosmos
SETI : Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence : an international interdisciplinary seminar : Star days, 6-7 March 1993, Heureka, Vantaa, Finland = SETI : Maan ulkopuolisen älyn etsintä : kansainvälinen tieteidenvälinen seminaari : Tähtiharrastuspäivät
Perfect symmetry : the search for the beginning of time
How the world began
The never-ending days of being dead : dispatches from the frontline of science
A universe from nothing : why there is something rather than nothing
The grand design
A brief history of time : from the big bang to the black hole
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus. Vol. 3, Book 3, part 1 ; Proclus on the world's body
The Cosmographia of Bernardus Silvestris
The fabric of the cosmos : space, time, and the texture of reality
Prehistoric life
Cosmology in the local universe : en rôute to the linear Hubble law
This 2007 text is the third volume in a new translation of Proclus' Commentary on Plato's Timaeus, drawing on significant advances in scholarship on Neoplatonic commentators. It offers an invaluable record of early interpretations of Plato's dialogue, while also presenting Proclus' own views on the meaning and significance of Platonic philosophy.
Astronomy : 50 ideas you really need to know
A brief history of time:  from the big bang to black holes
The narrative universe
A science vision for European astronomy
Universe : journey into deep space
A short history of nearly everything
Rare Earth : why complex life is uncommon in the Universe
The creation of the universe
Bang! : the complete history of the universe
A brief history of time
A brief history of time : the twentieth anniversary edition of the world's bestselling science book
A briefer history of time
Children of the stars : our origin, evolution and destiny
The cosmological argument from Plato to Leibniz
The changing universe : Big Bang and after
Origins : the scientific story of creation
Cosmic beginnings and human ends : where science and religion meet
Life everywhere : the maverick science of astrobiology
Along with Caltech physicist Mlodinow (The Drunkard's Walk), University of Cambridge cosmologist Hawking (A Brief History of Time)deftly mixes cutting-edge physics to answer three key questions--Why is there something rather than nothing? Why do we exist? Why this particular set of laws and not some other?--and explains that scientists are approaching what is called "M-theory," a collection of overlapping theories (including string theory) that fill in many (but not all) the blank spots in quantum physics; this collection is known as the "Grand Unified Field Theories."
Stephen Hawking's universe : the cosmos explained : the big bang, black holes, white dwarfs, time warps, life, the universe and everything; all explained in everyday language
A Universe from nothing : why there is something rather than nothing
The Tree of Life : image for the cosmos
Chaos : making a new science
Paradigms lost : tackling the unanswered mysteries of modern science
Black holes and baby universes and other essays
The nature of primordial perturbations in the light of CMB observations
Beware invisible cows : my search for the soul of the universe
In the present volume Proclus describes the 'creation' of the soul that animates the entire universe. This is not a literal creation, for Proclus argues that Plato means only to convey the eternal dependence of the World Soul upon higher causes. In his exegesis of Plato's text, Proclus addresses a range of issues in Pythagorean harmonic theory, as well as questions about the way in which the World Soul knows both forms and the visible reality that comprises its body. This part of Proclus' Commentary is particularly responsive to the interpretive tradition that precedes it. As a result, this volume is especially significant for the study of the Platonic tradition from the earliest commentators onwards.
Origins of life : biblical and evolutionary models face off
Ripples in the cosmos : a view behind the scenes of the new cosmology
Really, really big questions about space and time
Galaxies and cosmology
The primordial density perturbation : cosmology, inflation and the origin of structure
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
XTL : extraterrestrial life and how to find it
A brief history of time : an interactive adventure
Cosmology and controversy : the historical development of theories of the universe
Exploring the universe : the illustrated guide to cosmology
The book of universes
A brief history of time : from the big bang to black holes
What on earth happened? : the planet, life and people from the Big Bang to the present day
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Before the big bang : the origins of the universe
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus. Vol. 4, Book 3, part 2 ; Proclus on the world soul
What on earth happened? ... in brief : the planet, life and people from the big bang to the present day
From eternity to here : the quest for the ultimate theory of time
AJAN LYHYT HISTORIA / A BRIEF HISTORY OF TIME ; STEPHEN HAWKING
God and the cosmologists
Introduction to cosmology
Scalar condensates in the early Universe and consequences of their non-perturbative decay
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus / Volume 2, Proclus on the causes of the cosmos and its creation
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
Big history : our incredible journey, from big bang to now
The proceedings of the plenary session on scientific insights into the evolution of the universe and of life : 31 October - 4 November 2008
Our place in the cosmos : the unfinished revolution
A really short history of nearly everything
On the interpretation of Plato's Timaeus : critical studies with special reference to a recent edition
Are we being watched? : the search for life in the cosmos
The natural history of the universe : from the big bang to the end of time
Historical geology : understanding our planet's past
Why does the world exist? : an existential detective story
A kabbalistic universe
The little book of the big bang : a cosmic primer
The Fifth miracle : the search for the origin of life
The bridge between the Big Bang and biology = stars, planetary systems, atmospheres, volcanoes: their link to life : International Workshop, Stromboli, Italy, September 13-17, 1999
Beware invisible cows : my search for the soul of the Universe
Characterization of primordial perturbations by observations
George and the big bang
The reason why : the miracle of life on earth
