http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28721 neurodegenerative diseases
neurodegenerative diseases
Genetics of inherited dementing disorders : special emphasis on Alzheimer's disease, frontotemporal dementia, Parkinson's disease and primary familial brain calcification
Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Non-communicable Diseases - Molecular Mechanisms and Perspectives in Therapeutics
GeNeDis 2014 : geriatrics
The 1st World Congress on Geriatrics and Neurodegenerative Disease Research (GeNeDis 2014), will focus on recent advances in geriatrics and neurodegeneration, ranging from basic science to clinical and pharmaceutical developments and will provide an international forum for the latest scientific discoveries, medical practices and care initiatives. Advances information technologies will be discussed along with their implications for various research, implementation and policy concerns. In addition, the conference will address European and global issues in the funding of long-term care and medico-social policies regarding elderly people. GeNeDis 2014 takes place in Corfu, Greece, 10-13 April 2014. This volume focuses on the sessions that address neurodegenerative diseases.
Electrophysiology of visual pathways as a screening tool for neurodegenerative diseases : evidence from mouse disease models
Stem cells in neurodegenerative diseases : focus on Alzheimer's disease and neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis
Oxidative stress and inflammation underpin most diseases; their mechanisms are inextricably linked. For example, chronic inflammation is associated with oxidation, anti-inflammatory cascades are linked to decreased oxidation, increased oxidative stress triggers inflammation, and redox balance inhibits the inflammatory cellular response. Whether or not oxidative stress and inflammation represent the causes or the consequences of cellular pathology, they contribute significantly to the pathogenesis of non-communicable diseases. The incidence of obesity and other related metabolic disturbances are rising, as are age-related diseases due to progressively aging populations. Interrelations between the mechanisms of oxidative stress and of inflammatory signaling and metabolism are, in the broad sense of energy transformation, being increasingly recognized as part of the problem in non-communicable diseases. The book Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Non-communicable Diseases: Molecular Mechanisms and Perspectives in Therapeutics is an update on the latest research on the molecular basis of non-communicable diseases and the search for possible therapeutic alternatives. The authors of this monograph are experts in their field, and the book as a whole, provides an overview of the biochemical alterations underlying diseases such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, obesity, renal disease, neurological diseases and diabetes, emphasizing those aspects that they share in common. We hope that this book will be useful for researchers in biomedicine, and also for physicians interested in finding the root causes of the disease, as well as for post-graduate students in biochemistry, molecular biology, nutrition or medicine.
Genetics of neurodegeneration : Alzheimer, Lewy body and motor neuron diseases in the Finnish population
Non-neoplastic diseases of the central nervous system
Analysis of neuronal transcripts of PGC-1α transgenic mice
Neurodegeneration : the molecular pathology of dementia and movement disorders
Cellular physiology and cell-to-cell propagation of tau in neurodegeneration : the impact of late-onset Alzheimer's disease susceptibility genes
Cerebrospinal fluid and plasma biomarkers in the differential diagnosis of neurodegenerative diseases
Neurodegenerative diseases
The 1st World Congress on Geriatrics and Neurodegenerative Disease Research (GeNeDis 2014), will focus on recent advances in geriatrics and neurodegeneration, ranging from basic science to clinical and pharmaceutical developments and will provide an international forum for the latest scientific discoveries, medical practices and care initiatives. Advances information technologies will be discussed along with their implications for various research, implementation and policy concerns. In addition, the conference will address European and global issues in the funding of long-term care and medico-social policies regarding elderly people. GeNeDis 2014 takes place in Corfu, Greece, 10-13 April 2014. This volume focuses on the sessions that address geriatrics.
Advances in mitochondrial medicine
New insight into mechanisms of transcellular propagation of tau and α-synuclein in neurodegenerative diseases
Insulin-like growth factors in health and disease
