http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28736 American Civil War
American Civil War
Days without end
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
For want of a nail : if Burgoyne had won at Saratoga
Little women
Mind and the American Civil War : a meditation on lost causes
Fighting for defeat : Union military failure in the East, 1861-1865
The coming of the Civil war
This is, in effect, the story of two battlefields: Gettysburg during July 1863 and Gettysburg during the 1990s. Following Thoreau's dictum that "it is the province of the historian to find out, not what was, but what is," the author has searched for contemporary America among the famous places of Gettysburg's historic landscape: McPherson's Woods and the Seminary, where the Iron Brigade made its decisive last stand and defined the economics of glory; the town itself, now a monument to the grim struggle of the past and the commercialism of the present; Cemetery Hill, where German gunners defended their pieces with rammers, water buckets, and unintelligible oaths; Seminary Ridge, where a young division commander pondered the meaning of the war and the will of God; Little Round Top, where the 15th Alabama nearly accomplished the humanly impossible; the Peach Orchard, where determination and heroism saved a day that, in the words of Bruce Catton, "needed a lot of saving"; the wheat field, where a Yankee colonel got a deathly glimpse of his future; the field of Pickett's Charge, where Lee's chief lieutenant first had to fight out his own lonely battle, and where a doomed and disgraced general then fought and won his battle with history and honor; and finally the battlefield after July 4 - the aceldama, the field of blood.
Army life in a Black Regiment
Final freedom : the Civil War, the abolition of slavery, and the Thirteenth Amendment
The republic in crisis, 1848-1861
George B. McClellan, shield of the Union
General A.P. Hill : the story of a Confederate warrior
The Civil War in the American West
When the world ended : diary
A study of the Civil War career of one of the war's most controversial figures, General George B. McClellan, who was dismissed by Lincoln from his post as commander of the Army of the Potomac, in 1862.
Gettysburg : a meditation on war and values
Lee and his generals in war and memory
Power and politeness in historical novels set during the American Civil War
Big Bad Ironclad! covers the history of the amazing ironclad steam warships used in the Civil War. From the ship's inventor, who had a history of blowing things up and only 100 days to complete his project, to the mischievous William Cushing, who pranked his way through the whole war, this book is filled with surprisingly true facts and funny, brave characters that modern readers will easily relate to / Library of Congress.
In this book, Reardon shows that the story told today of Pickett's Charge is really an amalgam of history and memory. The evolution of that mix, she concludes, tells us much about how we come to understand our nation's past.
The atlas of the Civil War
This text presents an account of the July 1, 1863, Civil War battle, covering heightening campaign tensions, commander decisions, and the struggles faced by thousands of soldiers. Balancing his own narrative style with revealing firsthand accounts, including excerpts from the diaries and letters of the men on both sides of the battlefield, the author recounts the heightening tension of the campaign, the life-or-death decisions made by its commanders, and the struggle endured by thousands of its bravest soldiers. Not forgotten are the stories of the noncombatants, the thousands of civilians whose placid lives were swept into the ferocious cauldron.
A slant of light : a novel
The passing of the armies : an account of the final campaign of the Army of the Potomac, based upon personal reminiscences of the Fifth Army Corps
News of the world : a novel
General James Longstreet : the Confederacy's most controversial soldier : a biography
Stars in their courses : the Gettysburg campaign, June-July 1863
The blues in the mud
The Civil War in America
The Gettysburg campaign : a study in command
Stonewall Jackson and the American civil war
Tuulen viemää : 70th anniversary edition
The eternal war
"The Republic in Crisis, 1848-1861 meticulously analyzes the political climate in the years leading up to the Civil War and the causes of that conflict"--
Jubal's raid: General Early's famous attack on Washington in 1864
The American Civil War
General James Longstreet was Lee's senior lieutenant in the Army of Northern Virginia and the general whose conduct at the Battle of Gettysburg remains a topic of heated debate more than 130 years later. Longstreet first saw action in the Mexican War. He joined the Confederacy soon after the Civil War began and fought in nearly every campaign of Lee's army as well as in a major campaign in the Western theater. He led troops from the brigade to the corps level, at First and Second Manassas, Seven Pines, Seven Days, Antietam, Fredericksburg, Gettysburg, the Wilderness, and Petersburg. He scored a decisive victory at Chickamauga. And at war's end he stood alongside Lee at the surrender ceremony at Appomattox. Longstreet led the First Corps under Lee, outranking the better-known commander of the Second Corps, Stonewall Jackson. "Old Pete," as his soldiers called him, was a superb battlefield commander with great tactical skill. But he has long been blamed, especially in the South, for the crucial Confederate defeat at Gettysburg. Jeffry Wert argues that Longstreet opposed Lee's ill-fated frontal assault on July 3 and that, had Lee followed Longstreet's advice to take a more defensive posture, the battle might have turned out differently. After the war, Longstreet joined the Republican Party and became a political apostate in the South during the Reconstruction era. When he died in relative obscurity in 1904, only his old soldiers remembered him. This is the first full-scale biography of Longstreet in forty years, and it returns him to his position of central importance in the Civil War. Jeffry D. Wert's extensive research included unpublished memoirs, diaries, and letters from several archives.
Why the North won the Civil War
Grant takes command
Bold dragoon : the life of J.E.B. Stuart
Mighty Stonewall
"From the moment the Civil War began, partisans on both sides were calling not just for victory but for extermination. And both sides found leaders who would oblige. In this vivid and fearfully persuasive book, Charles Royster looks at William Tecumseh Sherman and Stonewall Jackson, the men who came to embody the apocalyptic passions of North and South, and re-creates their characters, their strategies, and the feelings they inspired in their countrymen. At once an incisive dual biography, hypnotically engrossing military history, and a cautionary examination of the American penchant for patriotic bloodshed, The Destructive War is a work of enormous power." -- Provided by publisher.
This magisterial history of the first modern war is on the scale of John Keegan's classics, "A History of Warfare" and "The First World War". In his sweeping, unputdownable narrative he highlights the geography, leadership and strategic logic at the heart of the conflict. John Keegan writes: 'The geography of the battlefield is to me a living reality. I know the appearance of the battlefields, I know the distances between them, I know the cemeteries in which the dead were buried. What constantly puzzles me, however, is to relate the landmarks of the war to its events, chronology, strategy and logic. That war went on for so long - four years - over such an enormous space - the Confederacy covered an area as large as Europe west of Russia - and involved so many battles - 260 is the common reckoning - and so many people that its events conform to no pattern at all'. 'How to make sense of the war is the question. In recent years, this became the primary concern of historians, after nearly a century of writing concerned either with arguing the rights or wrongs or simply re-telling the story chronologically'. The story of America is, in one of its dimensions, that of man and wilderness. The story can be told as one in which man tames and dominates; it can equally be told as one in which nature is never really subdued, always bides its time, often asserts its power to remind men of their pygmy status. The Civil War is certainly a story of the struggle of man against man; it is equally a story of the struggle of man against geography, in which those who had a feel for the country eventually succeeded because they knew how to work with the landscape instead of ignoring or defying it.
Covers such battles and campaigns as Chattanooga, Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor, Petersburg Crater, and Appomattox.
Great generals of the American civil war and their battles
Lee and his generals
Pickett's charge in history and memory
The language of the Civil War
That devil Forrest : life of general Nathan Bedford Forrest
Finnish sailors and soldiers in the American Civil War
Tanssii susien kanssa = Dances with wolves
The blessed place of freedom : Europeans in Civil War America
This volume deals with the destructive march of Sherman and his men through Georgia and the Carolinas. Sherman's March is the vivid narrative of General William T. Sherman's devastating sweep through Georgia and the Carolinas in the closing days of the Civil War. Weaving together hundreds of eyewitness stories, Burke Davis graphically brings to life the dramatic experiences of the 65,000 Federal troops who plundered their way through the South and those of the anguished -- and often defiant -- Confederate women and men who sought to protect themselves and their family treasures, usually in vain. Dominating these events is the general himself -- "Uncle Billy" to his troops, the devil incarnate to the Southerners he encountered. "What gives this narrative its unusual richness is the author's collation of hundreds of eyewitness accounts ... The actions are described in the words, often picturesque and often eloquent, of those who were there, either as participants -- Union soldiers, Confederate soldiers -- in the fighting and destruction or as victims of Sherman's frank vow to 'make Georgia howl.' Mr. Davis inter-cuts these scenes with close-ups of the chief actors in this nightmarish drama, and he also manages to give us a coherent historical account of the whole episode. A powerful illustration of the proposition put forth in Sherman's most famous remark.
Charles Sumner and the coming of the civil war
The destructive war : William Tecumseh Sherman, Stonewall Jackson, and the Americans
Witness to War : the Civil War, 1861-1865
The South reports the Civil War
The age of civil war and reconstruction, 1830-1900 : a book of interpretative essays
In the presence of mine enemies : war in the heart of America, 1859-1863
Decisive battles of the Civil War
Gettysburg : a testing of courage
Book on a popular and colorful Confederate cavalryman of the Civil War period.
Gone with the wind
Inside war : the guerrilla conflict in Missouri during the American Civil War
Essays on the civil war and reconstruction
In 1863, John Singleton Mosby and his band of irregulars, recruited in Union-occupied northern Virginia, began raiding Yankee outposts, wagon trains, troop detachments, headquarters and railroad lines. Their most celebrated exploit: capturing a Union general behind enemy lines without firing a shot. After each sortie, the Confederate guerrillas would hide in "safe houses" provided by the citizens of two northern Virginia counties. Mosby was captured once (and exchanged) and wounded several times, but continued to plan and personally lead guerrilla raids throughout the final two years of the war. Wert (from Winchester to Cedar Creek) has written the first comprehensive study of Mosby's Rangers and offers new material about its organization, membership and tactics, plus biographical information about Mosby himself. He reveals that the partisan band rarely exceeded 200, that a large percentage of them were teenagers, that the civilians who sheltered them paid a high price in Yankee retribution.
The war that never ended : the American Civil War
Bedford Forrest and his critter company
"The Republic in Crisis, 1848,♯1861 analyzes the political climate in the years leading up to the Civil War, offering for students and general readers a clear, chronological account of the sectional conflict and the beginning of the Civil War. Emerging from the tumultuous political events of the 1840s and 1850s, the Civil War was caused by the maturing of the North and South's separate, distinctive forms of social organization and their resulting ideologies. John Ashworth emphasizes factors often overlooked in explanations of the war, including the resistance of slaves in the South and the growth of wage labor in the North. Ashworth acquaints readers with modern writings on the period, providing a new interpretation of the American Civil War's causes"--
The hateful eight
The free state of Jones
After the war: a tour of the Southern States, 1865-1866
Reflections on the Civil War
"Traces Sumner's life as the nation careens toward civil war. In a period when senators often exercised more influence than presidents, Senator Charles Sumner was one of the most powerful forces in the American government and remains one of the most controversial figures in American history. His uncompromising moral standards made him a lightning rod in an era fraught with conflict"--Publisher's description.
Chickamauga and Chattanooga : the battles that doomed the Confederacy
The year of Jubilo : 78rpm recordings of songs from the civil war
The american war and peace 1860-1877
Jefferson Davis : the man and his hour
Confederate morale and church propaganda
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
Sherman's march
March
An historian and the civil war
Big bad ironclad! : a civil war steamship showdown
Four years with general Lee
Uniforms of the Civil War
Lee and Jackson : Confederate chieftains
The causes of the Civil War
The American war and peace, 1860-1877 is a stimulating view of a tragic chapter in United States history. The presentation interprets events in the light of modern scholarship and research. Its balanced coverage contains political, social and cultural insights, in addition to military facts. The book holds the reader's attention throughout and offers an absorbing glimpse of our country a century ago. --From the book cover.
Recreates the Battle of Gettysburg from both the Confederate and Union perspectives.
The story begins with the grand cavalry battles and skirmishes that marked the beginning of Lee's epic invasion of the North. The author follows the pattern of events that led both armies to the crossroads town of Gettysburg where the terrible whirlwind of battle intensified. The awful second day of the fight is presented in grim detail with a complete accounting of savage thrust and counterthrust. The book investigates the planning that led to the panoramic charge of General Pickett's command which ended in disaster. Finally there is the grim march from the battlefield as the Confederates retreated to Virginia timidly pursued by the victorious Federals. Supplementing the narrative are sidebars giving nuts-and-bolts information about the battle. These cover in detail such topics as strategy, tactics, logistics, and personalities. Also included are maps that cover the movements of armies to Gettysburg and the tactical ploys for each day of the battle.
Tanssii susien kanssa : Dances with wolves
Glory : collectors edition
The Gettysburg campaign, June-July, 1863
The Confederate War
