http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28731 folk narrative
folk narrative
Suri orature : introduction to the society, language and oral culture of the Suri people (Southwest Ethiopia)
Intellectual culture of the Caribou Eskimos ; Iglulik and Caribou Eskimo texts
Narratives of nation in the South Pacific
Winnebago hero cycles : a study in aboriginal literature
Creole folk tales : stories of the Louisiana marsh country
Motifs and folktales : a new statistical approach
Contributions to Fox ethnology. [1]
The Brahan Seer : the making of a legend
Hawaiian legends of dreams
Finnish folklore atlas
The Golem and the wondrous deeds of the Maharal of Prague
The people of the bat : Mayan tales and dreams from Zinacantán
Folk tales of Chizu. Vol. 2.
The festival of Lughnasa : a study of the survival of the Celtic festival on the beginning of harvest
Saga, legend, tale, novella, fable : narrative forms in Old Testament literature
Storytelling in northern Zambia : theory, method, practice and other necessary fictions
Stories in a new skin : approaches to Inuit literature
The Black-man of Zinacantan : a Central American legend
The culture of the Winnebago : as described by themselves
Myths of the Rune Stone : Viking martyrs and the birthplace of America
Clothed-in-fur and other tales : an introduction to an Ojibwa world view
Embedded in modern print culture, biblical scholars have been projecting the assumptions and concepts of print culture onto the texts they interpret. In the ancient world from which those texts originate, however, literacy was confined to only a small number of educated scribes. Only recently have some scholars struggled to appreciate texts that later became "biblical" in their own historical context of oral communicatiion.
Negro folktales in Michigan
The story of the Blind Man and the Loon is a living Native folktale about a blind man who is betrayed by his mother or wife but whose vision is magically restored by a kind loon. Variations of this tale are told by Native storytellers all across Alaska, arctic Canada, Greenland, the Northwest Coast, and even into the Great Basin and the Great Plains. As the story has traveled through cultures and ecosystems over many centuries, individual storytellers have added cultural and local ecological details to the tale, creating countless variations. In The Blind Man and the Loon, folklorist Craig Mishler goes back to 1827, tracing the story's emergence across Greenland and North America in manuscripts, books, and in the visual arts and other media such as film, music, and dance theater. Examining and comparing the story's variants and permutations accross cultures in detail, Mishler brings the individual storyteller into his analysis of how the tale changed over time, considering how storytellers and the oral tradition function within various societies.
Intellectual culture of the Iglulik Eskimos
The phantom limb phenomen : a medical, folkloric and historical study : texts and translations of 10th to 20th century accounts of the miraculous restoration of lost body parts
The lost gold mine of Juan Mondragón : a legend from New Mexico performed by Melaquías Romero
Revoicing Sámi narratives : North Sámi storytelling at the turn of the 20th century
When roots die : endangered traditions on the Sea Islands
Local discussions about narrative genres : some River Sámi examples
The Netsilik Eskimos : social life and spiritual culture
Intellectual culture of the Copper Eskimos
Two Tamil folktales : The story of king Matanakāma, The story of Peacock Rāvana
To experience the gospel message as first-century people heard it is to move into an oral world, one with very little reliance on manuscripts. The essays in this book explore this oral world and the Gospel of Mark within it. They demonstrate the oral style of Mark's gospel, which suggests that it was composed orally, transmitted orally in its entirety by literate and nonliterate storytellers, and survived to become part of the canon only because it was widely known orally. Women's storytelling also thrived during the first centuries of Christianity. With the transition to manuscript authority beginning in the middle of the second century, women's voices were often minimized, trivialized, or completely omitted in written versions. Further, when the Gospel of Mark was one of four written Gospels these voices were quickly ignored. An ancient audience hearing Mark performed, however, enjoyed a vibrant experience of the gospel message and its urgent call to follow.
December's child : a book of Chumash oral narratives
American myths, legends, and tall tales : an encyclopedia of American folklore
The blind man and the loon : the story of a tale
This cutting-edge volume has been brought together in honor of Thomas Boomershine, author, scholar, storyteller, innovator. The particular occasion inviting this recognition of his work is the twenty-fifth anniversary of the Society of Biblical Literature's section on The Bible in Ancient and Modern Media (BAMM), which Tom was instrumental in founding. For two and half decades this program unit has provided scholars with opportunities to explore and experience biblical material in media other than silent print, including both oral and multimedia electronic performances. This book explores many, though by no means all, of the issues lifted up in those sessions over the years.
Japanese folk tales : a revised selection
Magic and folklore in rabbinic literature
Revoicing Sámi narratives investigates the relationship between storytellers, contexts and collective tradition, based on an analysis of North Sámi narratives published in the early 1900s. This dissertation “revoices” narratives by highlighting the coexistence of different voices or socio-ideological languages in repertoires and by considering Sámi narratives as utterances by storytellers rather than autonomous products of tradition. Thus, this study serves as an act of “revoicing,” of recovering voices that had been silenced by the scientific discourse which enveloped their passage into print.Narrators considered “tradition bearers” were interviewed or wrote down folk narratives that were interpreted as representative of a static, dying culture. The approach chosen in this thesis highlights the dynamic and conscious choices of narrative strategies made by these storytellers and the implications of the discourses expressed in narration. By taking into account the intense context of social change going on in Sápmi at the time the narratives emerged, as well as the context that includes narrators, ethnographers and tradition, the analysis demonstrates that storytelling is an elaboration that takes place in negotiation with tradition, genres and individual preferences.The repertoires of four storytellers are studied according to a methodological framework consisting in critical discourse analysis from a folkloristic perspective. The analysis underscores the polyphony of the narratives by Johan Turi, who related with skillfulness of tradition by taking position as a conscious social actor. This study also investigates the repertoires of storytellers Ellen Utsi, Per Bær and Isak Eira who were interviewed by the Norwegian “lappologist” Just K. Qvigstad. Their contributions to his extensive collection of Sámi narratives express their relation to tradition and to the heteroglossia that surrounded them.
The German legends of the brothers Grimm
An epoch of miracles : oral literature of the Yucatec Maya
Tales of Serbian life
Maithil women's tales: storytelling on the Nepal-India border
Fireside tales of the traveller children
The book of Dede Korkut
The Eskimo of Siberia
Calf's head & union tale : labor yarns at work and play
Summary in English.
Elephant trunk hill : tales from Scenic Guilin
Folktales of Hungary
Chukchee mythology
Islamic legends : histories of the heroes, saints and prophets of Islam
The Mabinogi and other medieval Welsh tales
Hero tales and legends of the Serbians
Traditional literatures of the American Indian : texts and interpretations
The Bible in ancient and modern media : story and performance
Myth, representation, and identity : an ethnography of memory in Lipsi, Greece
The nights of Straparola
The eternal storyteller : oral literature in modern China
Folktales of Norway
101 tales collected in the Caucasus of the pranks and misadventures of the Mulla Nasr-Eddin
Conference report : the Old  Norse Folklorists Network's conference "Sagas, legends and trolls : the supernatural from early modern back to Old Norse tradition" : 12th-14th June 2014, Tartu, Estonia
Folktales of Chile
Two Guadalupes : Hispanic legends and magic tales from northern New Mexico
Kwakiutl texts : second series
Everyman's book of English folk tales
Vodun stories of the Fon (Benin)
Folk narratives of the Spice Islands of Pemba and Zanzibar
The Salish people. Vol. 2, The Squamish and the Lillooet
Korean lore
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
Djinns, stars, and warriors : Mandinka legends from Pakao, Senegal
"We test those whom we marry" : an analysis of thirty-six Nyanga tales
Packy Jim : folklore and worldview on the Irish border
Studies in East European folk narrative
Selves in time and place : identities, experience, and history in Nepal
An African worldview : the Muslim Amacinga Yawo of Southern Malaŵi
Eochair, a king's son in Ireland = Eochair, Mac Rí in Éirinn
Long, long tales from the Russian North
The book of nasty legends
Upward and outward : fairy tales and popular, print, and proletarian culture,  1550 -1850
The festival of Lughnasa : a study of the survival of the Celtic festival of the beginning of harvest
Statistical methods for studying mythology : : three peer reviewed papers and a short history of the dragon motif / Julien d'Huy
Folk literature of the Yamana Indians : Martin Guisinde's collection of Yamana narratives
The Alaskan Eskimos as described in the posthumous notes of Dr. Knud Rasmussen
Folk tales of Pakistan
Text and tradition in performance and writing
The Salish people. Vol. 4, The Sechelt and south-eastern tribes of Vancouver Island
The three of dreams
Tales of the North American Indians
From the Tana River to Lake Chad : research in African oratures and literatures : in memoriam Thomas Geider
The social life of dreams : a thousand years of negotiated meanings in Iceland
Folk narrative in the modern world : unity and diversity : the 16th Congress of the International Society for Folk Narrative Research, June 25-30, 2013 Vilnius, Lithuania : program & abstracts
The oldest stories in the world
The case for Mark composed in performance
Native American oral traditions : collaboration and interpretation
Tales Arab women tell and the behavioral patterns they portray
The ecology of the spoken word : Amazonian storytelling and shamanism among the Napo Runa
Ancient tales and folklore of Japan
Verbal art of the Fon (Benin)
Polihale and other Kaua'i legends
Irish wonders : the ghosts, giants, pookas, demons, leprechawns, banshees, fairies, witches, widows, old maids, and other marvels of the Emerald Isle : popular tales as told by the people
The oral chronicle of the Boorana in southern Ethiopia : modes of construction and preservation of history among people without writing
Reinventing Chinese tradition : the cultural politics of late socialism
A treasure of Mexican folkways : the customs, myths, folklore, traditions, beliefs, fiestas, dances, and songs of the Mexican people
Is it possible to make a case that the Gospel of Mark was not composed by a single man from scattered accounts but in a process of people's telling Jesus' story over several decades? And what can we say about the tellers who were shaping this story for changing audiences? After an introduction showing the groundwork already laid in oral tradition research, the case begins by tracing the Mark we know back to several quite different early manuscripts which continue the flexibility of their oral ancestors. The focus then turns to three aspects of Mark, its language, which is characterized as speech with special phrases and rhythms, its episodes characterized by traditional forms, and its overall story pattern that is common in oral reports of the time. Finally several soundings are taken in Mark to test the thesis of performance composition, two scenarios are projected of possible early tellers of this tradition, and a conclusion summarizes major findings in the case. Mark's writer turns out to be the one who transcribes the tradition, probably adhering closely to it in order to legitimate the new medium of writing.
Mythology of the Thompson Indians
The Koryak
ROMANIAN FOLK TALES
Jamaican folk tales and oral histories
Traditions of the Chilcotin Indians
Tales from the Arab tribes
Ojibwa myths and legends
Folklore of the North-West Caucasus : comprising: "Adyge folklore", "Ubykh folklore", "Karachay-Balkar folklore" published by Caucasus House, Tbilisi, and "Kabardan folklore" published by Academia, Moscow
Legends of Hawaii
Traditional storytelling today : an international sourcebook
The trickster brain : neuroscience, evolution, and narrative
Till doomsday in the afternoon : the folklore of a family of Scots travellers, the Stewarts of Blairgowrie
The other world : myths of the Celts
Traditions of the Quinault Indians
"What do our myths say about us? Why do we choose to believe stories that have been disproven? David M. Krueger takes an in-depth look at a legend that held tremendous power in one corner of Minnesota, helping to define both a community's and a state's identity for decades. In 1898, a Swedish immigrant farmer claimed to have discovered a large rock with writing carved into its surface in a field near Kensington, Minnesota. The writing told a North American origin story, predating Christopher Columbus's exploration, in which Viking missionaries reached what is now Minnesota in 1362 only to be massacred by Indians. The tale's credibility was quickly challenged and ultimately undermined by experts, but the myth took hold. Faith in the authenticity of the Kensington Rune Stone was a crucial part of the local Nordic identity. Accepted and proclaimed as truth, the story of the Rune Stone recast Native Americans as villains. The community used the account as the basis for civic celebrations for years, and advocates for the stone continue to promote its validity despite the overwhelming evidence that it was a hoax. Krueger puts this stubborn conviction in context and shows how confidence in the legitimacy of the stone has deep implications for a wide variety of Minnesotans who embraced it, including Scandinavian immigrants, Catholics, small-town boosters, and those who desired to commemorate the white settlers who died in the Dakota War of 1862. Krueger demonstrates how the resilient belief in the Rune Stone is a form of civil religion, with aspects that defy logic but illustrate how communities characterize themselves. He reveals something unique about America's preoccupation with divine right and its troubled way of coming to terms with the history of the continent's first residents. By considering who is included, who is left out, and how heroes and villains are created, Myths of the Rune Stone offers an enlightening perspective on not just Minnesota but the United States as well"-- Provided by publisher.
The legends of the Jews. 3, Bible times and characters from the Exodus to the death of Moses
Folk heroes and heroines around the world
The Panchatantra
The Salish people. Vol. 1, The Thompson and the Okanagan
The bazaar of the storytellers
Myths and legends of the Polynesians
Rumanian bird and beast stories
The Irish fairy tale : a narrative tradition from the Middle Ages to Yeats and Stephens
Telling stories the Kiowa way
Contributions to the ethnology of the Haida
Once upon a kingdom : myth, hegemony, and identity
Shuckin' and jivin' : folklore from contemporary Black Americans
Understanding outlawry in medieval Iceland
Indian tales of North America
An anthology of American folktales and legends
Stories from Quechan oral literature
Originally published in Venice in 1550 and 1553, this collection features seventy-three folk stories, fables, jests, and pseudo-histories, including nine tales we might now designate for 'mature readers' and seventeen proto-fairy tales. - - This full critical edition of The Pleasant Nights presents these stories in English for the first time in over a century. The text takes its inspiration from the celebrated Waters translation, which is entirely revised here to render it both more faithful to the original and more sparkishly idiomatic than ever before. The stories are accompanied by a rich sampling of illustrations, including originals from nineteenth-century English and French versions of the text. As a comprehensive critical and historical edition, these volumes contain far more information on the stories than can be found in any existing studies, literary histories, or Italian editions of the work. Donald Beecher provides a lengthy introduction discussing Straparola as an author, the nature of fairy tales and their passage through oral culture, and how this phenomenon provides a new reservoir of stories for literary adaptation. Moreover, the stories all feature extensive commentaries analysing not only their themes but also their fascinating provenances, drawing on thousands of analogue tales going back to ancient Sanskrit, Persian, and Arabic stories. Immensely entertaining and readable, The Pleasant Nights will appeal to anyone interested in fairy tales, ancient stories, and folk creations. Such readers will also enjoy Beecher's academically solid and erudite commentaries, which unfold in a manner as light and amusing as the stories themselves. – From the publisher.
The oral ethos of the early church : speaking, writing, and the Gospel of Mark
Nart sagas from the Caucasus : ancient myths and legends of the Circassians and Abkhazians
Folk tales, tall tales, trickster tales, and legends of the supernatural from the Pinelands of New Jersey
Mexican tales and legends from Los Altos
The politics of storytelling : variations on a theme by Hannah Arendt
Himalayan dialogue : Tibetan lamas and Gurung shamans in Nepal
Fabricated world : an interpretation of Kewa tales
Japanese animal-wife tales : narrating gender reality in Japanese folktale tradition
Tales of Manihiki
Kentucky folktales : revealing stories, truths, and outright lies
O'othham hoho'ok a'agitha = Legends and lore of the Papago and Pima Indians
Stories of sea and shore
Oral literature in Africa
Beyond a mountain valley : the Simbu of Papua New Guinea
"The Orange of love" and other stories : the rom-gypsy language in Norway
Narrating (hi)stories in West Africa
Tales of the Cochiti Indians
Tradition barriers and adaption of tradition
The voice of the past : oral history
Tales from the aborigines
Catalogue of the Khoisan folktales of Southern Africa
Tales alive in Turkey
African genesis
Popular stories of ancient Egypt
Reserve memories : the power of the past in a Chilcotin community
Legends of the Caucasus
Literary folkloristics and the personal narrative
America in legend : folklore from the colonial period to the present
The ballad & the folklorist : the collected papers of David Buchan
The pleasant nights
How to read a folktale : the Ibonia epic from Madagascar
Negro tales from Pine Bluff, Arkansas, and Calvin, Michigan
Folk legends of Japan
Epic formula : a Balkan perspective
The fall of Anakopia : legends and traditions of the Caucasus Black-Sea Coast
Narratives of the North : folktales from four countries : Canada, Japan, Finland, China
Maps of experience : the anchoring of land to story in Secwepemc discourse
Folktales told around the world
Abraham "Oregon" Smith : pioneer, folk hero and tale-teller
Storytelling in Chefchaouen Northern Morocco : an annotated study of oral performance with transliterations and translations
K'etetaalkkaanee : the one who paddled among the people and animals : an analytical companion volume
