http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28703 theatre of cruelty
theatre of cruelty
Antonin Artaud and the modern theater
Artaud exerted a profound impact on the theater. As a theatrical innovator and theorist of modern dramaturgy, he has had considerable influence among playwrights and actors.
Discusses whether the brutal imagery present in reality and entertainment will shock society into a less alienated state and help create a just social order or whether focusing on representations of cruelty makes society more cruel.
Fascination with the violent and the cruel : representations of violence and cruelty in In-Yer-Face Theatre through Sarah Kane's Cleansed and Mark Ravenhill's Faust is dead
The second group of essays establishes Artaud's influence on, and relationship to, several significant twentieth-century dramatists, innovative performance artists, and seminal theater movements. Artaud's theories on Oriental theater are applied to modern cultural anthropology and to absurdist drama. Also examined are the similarities between Artaud and Polish playwright Stanislaw Ignacy Witkiewicz as are Artaudian elements in a quintessential example of Theatre of Cruelty.
Artaud's vision of community is analyzed by its application to the environmental theater of the 1960s and 1970s. Last to be discussed is Artaud's influence on Spain's most significant post-Lorcan dramatist, Antonio Buero-Vallejo.
The first section of this anthology clarifies Artaud's theories and provides insight about his life and ideology. The role that comedy plays in Artaud's conception of theater is examined as well as the concepts of cruelty and cure, explicating how Artaud used these terms in relationship to the metaphor of the theater as plague. Various influences on Artaud's theories of drama are discussed as is the influence of Mayan culture and Balinese rituals.
Cruel Britannia: Sarah Kane's Postmodern Traumatics examines four plays by British playwright Sarah Kane (1971–1999), all written between 1995 and 1999 within the context of the "Cool Britannia", or "In-Yer-Face" London theatre movement of the 1990s. Kane's plays were notorious for their shocking productions and challenging and offensive subject matter. This book analyzes her plays as products of a long history of theatrical convention and experimentation, rather than trend. I read Kane's plays through an optic of trauma theory, and link the trauma to postmodern experience as defined by war, inter-personal violence, repetitive memory, and sex as medium of violence. Kane's plays' unrelenting violence and graphic depictions of violent sex suggest a relationship with theories and practices such as Artaud's theatre of cruelty, and Kroker and Cook's theory of the postmodern as sign of excremental culture and an inherently abject state of being. Through a play by play analysis I conclude that Kane's work suggests that violence and trauma are endemic to postmodern life, and are ultimately apocalyptic due to their culmination in Kane's final play, the suicide text of 4.48 Psychosis
Cruel Britannia : Sarah Kane's postmodern traumatics
The art of cruelty : a reckoning
Some of the twentieth century's most creative theater directors have been Artaud's disciples, and his theoretical writings have inspired such diverse theatrical groups as Jerzy Grotowski's Laboratory Theatre, John Cage's "happenings" of the 1950s and 1960s, Joseph Chaikin's Open Theatre, Julian Beck and Judith Malina's Living Theatre, Richard Schechner's Performance Group, and Ariane Mnouchknie's Theatre de Soleil.
The aim of this collection of original essays is twofold: first, to cement Antonin Artaud's position as a significant theorist and innovator of the modern theater whose ideas not only have become far reaching but also have had practical stage applications, and second, to explicate several of the subtle nuances of Artaud's theories so as to make his ideas more accessible.
