http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28702 microdata
microdata
"Arduino is the open source electronics prototyping platform that's taken the design and hobbyist world by storm. This thorough introduction, updated for Arduino 1.0, gives you lots of ideas for projects and helps you work with them right away. From getting organized to putting the final touches on your prototype, all the information you need is here! Inside you'll learn about: Interaction design and physical computing; The Arduino hardware and software development environment; Basics of electricity and electronics; Prototyping on a solderless breadboard; Drawing a schematic diagram"--Page 4 of cover.
Getting started with Arduino
Microarrays in molecular profiling of cancer : focus on head and neck squamous cell carcinoma
PSPICE and MATLAB for electronics : an integrated approach
Digital system design with VHDL
It security management: IT securiteers - setting up an IT security
Journalism next : a practical guide to digital reporting and publishing
Arduino cookbook
Automated image analysis of cancer tissue adapted for virtual microscopy
On-chip communication architectures : system on chip interconnect
Do you want to help build what's "next" for journalism? Then jump into Mark Briggs' proven guide for leveraging digital technology to do better journalism. The media landscape changes with such ferocious speed that as soon as new technologies gain a foothold, older ones become obsolete. To keep ahead and abreast of these ever-evolving tools and techniques, Briggs offers practical and timely guidance for both the seasoned professional looking to get up to speed and the digital native looking to root their tech know-how in real journalistic principles. Learn how to effectively blog, crowdsource, use mobile applications, mine databases, and expertly capture audio and video to report with immediacy, cultivate community, and tell compelling stories. Journalism Next will improve digital literacy, fast. Briggs begins with the basics and then explores specialized skills in multimedia so you can better manage online communities and build an online audience.
Digital logic and microprocessor design with VHDL
Presentation of the fundamental principles and practices of modern digital design. Transistor-level implementations are included, which allow the readers to gain a solid understanding of a circuit's real potential and limitations, and to develop a realistic perspective on the practical design of actual integrated circuits. Coverage includes the largest selection available of digital circuits in all categories (combinational, sequential, logical, or arithmetic). Coverage also includes detailed digital design techniques, with a thorough discussion on state-machine modeling for the analysis and design of complex sequential systems. Key technologies used in modern circuits are also described, including Bipolar, MOS, ROM/RAM, and CPLD/FPGA chips, as well as codes and techniques used in data storage and transmission.--from publisher description.
Algorithmic techniques in gene expression processing : from imputation to visualization
Time-domain methods for microwave structures : analysis and design
Fire in the valley : the making of the personal computer
Exploration and analysis of DNA microarray and protein array data
Tietohuolto = Information and documentation. Tunnukset = Identifiers
Computing for comparative microbial genomics : bioinformatics for microbiologists
SPARK : a parallelizing approach to the high-level synthesis of digital circuits
Practical computing
Clonality of Streptococcus pneumoniae in relation to antimicrobial resistance in Finland
The VHDL reference : a practical guide to computer-aided integrated circuit design including VHDL-AMS
Practical interfacing in the laboratory : using a PC for instrumentation, data analysis, and control
Digital electronics and design with VHDL
Noroviruses on surfaces : detection, transfer and inactivation
The TAB book of Arduino projects : 36 things to make with shields and proto shields
An introduction to the uses of computers
Distortion analysis of analog integrated circuits
IT-TIETOSANAKIRJA
Microcomputers in the schools
Cataloging nonprint and Internet resources : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Applied econometrics with R
