http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28734 curses
curses
Lips touch
The wind tamer
The third section
Sixteen-year-old Princess Talia persuades seventeen-year-old Jack, the modern-day American who kissed her awake after a 300-year sleep, to take her to his Miami home, where she hopes to win his love before the witch who cursed her can spirit her away.
Anyone but Ivy pocket
Black magic woman : A Morris and Chastain investigation
The Wood Queen
The Genesis plague
The darkest whisper
Blood rites : a novel of the Dresden files
Seventeen-year-old Micheline Helsing is a tetrachcromat, able to see ghosts in color and capture them on film, but when a routine hunt goes awry, Micheline is infected with a curse known as a soulchain and if she is unable to exorcise the entity in seven days, she will be destroyed, body and soul
Lupo and the curse at Buckingham Palace
Princess of the silver woods
Splintered : a novel
Captive hearts. Vol 2
Scarlet widow
Captive hearts. Vol 4
Silent as the grave
A samurai lord has bartered away his newborn's organs to forty-eight demons in exchange for dominance on the battlefield. Yet the abandoned infant survives thanks to a medicine man who equips him with prosthetics--lethal ones with which the wronged son will hunt down the multitude of demons to reclaim his body one piece at a time and confront his father. On his journeys the hero encounters an orphan child who claims to be the greatest thief in Japan but who can't seem to steal his heart.
Narn i chîn Húrin : the tale of the children of Húrin
The sixth gun. Dust to death
Howl's moving castle
A court of mist and fury
Nightfall
The snow princess
Another
Frankie and the dragon curse
The hollow
Rosemary and rue : an October Daye novel
Thirteen years later
Atticus Claw on the misty moor
Bloody cross. 2
The sixth gun. book 4 : A town called penance
Slain : back from hell : PS4
The wheel of darkness
The lunatic's curse
Once upon a time : kausi 5.
The sixth gun. book 1 : cold dead fingers
The ghost riders of Ordebec
Drag me to hell : unrated director's cut
Steadfast : a Spellcaster novel
The sixth gun. book 3 : Bound
Something is brewing in the town of Whitby. To best friends Lil and Verne, it just seems like a particularly bad storm. But Cherry Cerise, the last of the Whitby witches, fears that ancient forces are at work, reviving the curse of a long lost magical artifact. The legend goes that the Nimius was created by magician Melchior Pyke, with the assistance of a young witch known as Scaur Annie. But they were both betrayed by Pyke's villainous manservant, Mister Dark, causing a feud that has survived even beyond death. As Mister Dark, with his horrific winged familiar, arises to mastermind Whitby's very own apocalypse and take the Nimius for his own evil purposes, can Lil and Verne join with Cherry to quell his plans and save their home?
The sixth gun. book 2 : crossroads
The sixth gun. book 6 : Ghost dance
Leandra Weal has a bad habit of getting herself in dangerous situations. While hunting neodemons in her role as Warden of Ixos, Leandra obtains a prophetic spell that provides a glimpse one day into her future. She discovers that she is doomed to murder someone she loves, soon, but not who. That's a pretty big problem for a woman who has a shark god for a lover, a hostile empress for an aunt, a rogue misspelling wizard for a father, and a mother who--especially when arguing with her daughter--can be a real dragon. Leandra's quest to unravel the mystery of the murder-she-will-commit becomes more urgent when her chronic disease flares up and the Ixonian Archipelago is plagued by natural disasters, demon worshiping cults, and fierce political infighting. Everywhere she turns, Leandra finds herself amid intrigue and conflict. It seems her bad habit for getting into dangerous situations is turning into a full blown addiction. As chaos spreads across Ixos, Leandra and her troubled family must race to uncover the shocking truth about a prophesied demonic invasion, human language, and their own identities--if they don't kill each other first.
Spellbound
The curse of the mummy's tomb
Accursed
Casper Candlewacks in Death by Pigeon!
A court of thorns and roses
The sixth gun. book 7: Not the bullet, but the fall
The eye of the falcon
Captive hearts. Vol 3
A kiss in time
Cursed
Starcrossed
"Nadia must stop the evil sorceress Elizabeth before she lures the One Beneath to Captive's Sound, destroying the town and everyone Nadia holds dear at the same time"--
The weather witch
Blood trail : Dawning. [Volume one]
Lips touch : three times
The darkest surrender
The sentinel mage
Unhinged : a novel
Prince of shadows
Tutankhamun uncovered : the adventure behind the curse
The sixth gun. book 8: Hell and high water
Pirates of the Caribbean : dead man ́s chest
Fantasy lover
Heart's blood
Lost River
Kingsholt
Though Feyre now has the powers of the High Fae, her heart remains human, but as she navigates the feared Night Court's dark web of politics, passion, and dazzling power, a greater evil looms--and she might be key to stopping it.
Centuries ago, Illarion was betrayed- a dragon made human against his will, then forced to serve humanity as a dragonmount in their army, and to fight for them in barbaric wars, even while he hated everything about them. Enslaved and separated from everyone he knew and from his own dragon brothers, he was forced into exile in a fey realm where he lost the only thing he ever really loved. Now he has a chance to regain what's been lost-- to have the one thing he covets most. But only if he gives up his brothers and forsakes the oaths he holds most dear. Yet what terrifies him most isn't the cost his happiness might incur, it's the fact that there is just enough human in his dragon's heart that he might actually be willing to pay it and betray everything and everyone- to see the entire world burn in Dragonmark, the next blockbuster Dark-Hunter novel by #1 New York Times bestselling author Sherrilyn Kenyon.
The beginner's guide to curses
Hex appeal
Old magic
The rose and the dagger
For Rapunzel, being a princess has been nothing but fun. But everything goes wrong when she breaks a magical urn and blames it on her new friend, Ella. It turns out that the urn was home to a very cross (and now very homeless) hermit genie, who casts a spell making everyone blame Rapunzel for everything that goes wrong in Tale Town! With the help of her friends and a mysterious green monkey called Alphege, can Rapunzel 'undo what she has done' and lift the curse? A brilliant new highly illustrated series featuring all the fairy-tale characters you know and love having brand-new adventures!. Ages 7+
Bloody cross. 1
Curse of the Scarab
Bloody cross. 4
Froi of the exiles
The eye of Ra
Bloody cross. 3
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
House of many ways
Spindle's end : a tale of magic and adventure
Night watch
Once upon a time. The complete fifth season
The quarry
The sixth gun. book 5 : Winter wolves
The power of dark
The genie's curse
The darkest lie
Creeping terror
The Castle of Otranto
Dream chaser
Captive hearts. Vol 1
Yasuke, 15 years old, is about to build up the courage to confess his love to his childhood friend Akari, who’s fallen for him, too. There’s just one problem: Yasuke’s family lives in a Japanese shrine, and when he breaks the shrine’s sacred mirror, it triggers a curse, releasing the cute and well-endowed goddess of misfortune, Orihime, into the real world! Now Yasuke can’t ever be out of Orihime’s sight—if he gets too far away, he dies, and can only be brought back to life with a quick kiss from Orihime!
Dead beat : a novel of the Dresden files
