http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28735 adoptive parents
adoptive parents
Proceedings
Finnish adoption board : annual report 2001.
Child maltreatment : a collection of readings
Thought disorder as a predictive sign of mental disorder : a study of high-risk and low-risk adoptees in the Finnish Adoptive Family Study of Schizophrenia
Adopted territory : transnational Korean adoptees and the politics of belonging
Making families : moral tales of parenting and step-parenting
Transracial and inracial adoptees : the adolescent years
Finnish adoption board : annual report 1999.
Will you love me? : the story of my adopted daughter Lucy
Brother & sister
New families, old scripts : a guide to the language of trauma and attachment in adoptive families
Attachment handbook for foster care and adoption
Heredity and environment in 300 adoptive families : the Texas adoption project
Parental Communication Deviance as a risk factor for thought disorders and schizophrenia spectrum disorders in offspring : the Finnish Adoptive Family Study
Connecting with kids through stories : using narratives to facilitate attachment in adopted children
Association between communication deviance of adoptive parents and formal thought disorder of adoptee when the length of parents' speech is standardized in different ways
Cross currents : family law and policy in the United States and England
Adopted children and their families : a follow-up study of adopted children, their background, environment and adjustment
Adoptive families in a diverse society
Suomen kansainvälisten lapseksiottamisasioiden lautakunta : toimintakertomus 2008 = Nämnden för internationella adoptionsärenden i Finland : verksamhetsberättelse 2008 = The Finnish board of inter-country adoption affairs : annual report 2008.
Suomen kansainvälisten lapseksiottamisasioiden lautakunta : toimintakertomus 2007 = Nämnden för internationella adoptionsärenden i Finland : verksamhetsberättelse 2007 = The Finnish board of inter-country adoption affairs : annual report 2007.
Linking and matching : a survey of adoption agency practice in England and Wales
The quest for the a child of one's own : parents, markets and transnational adoption
Before she was mine
Äidit & lapset : Mother & child
The stepmonster
Adoptions
More adoption conversations : what when and how to tell
Parenthood for same-sex couples : Scandinavian developments
Special skills in international adoptive parenting : case study of five Finnish international adoptive parents
Ordeal by innocence
Parenthood in modern society : legal and social issues for the twenty-first century
Ballet shoes : a story of three children on the stage
Choosing ethnicity, negotiating race : Korean adoptees in America
The finnish board of inter-country adoption affairs : annual report 2005.
Abstract.
More adoption conversations : what, when and how to tell
Suomen kansainvälisten lapseksiottamisasioiden lautakunta : toimintakertomus 2009 = Nämnden för internationella adoptionsärenden i Finland : verksamhetsberättelse 2009 = The Finnish Board of Inter-Country Adoption Affairs : annual report 2009.
Psychological issues in adoption : research and practice
Summary.
Adoptive and foster parent screening : a professional guide for evaluations
The Finnish Board of Inter-Country Adoption Affairs : annual report 2005.
English summary: Adoption as an evaluation process and practical action.
Three little words : a memoir
Origins of love
Dreams of joy
Parenthood and social reproduction : fostering and occupational roles in West Africa
Äidit & lapset : mother and child
Dani's story : a journey from neglect to love
The kinning of foreigners : transnational adoption in a global perspective
Child, family and state
Diversifying post-adoption services in Finland : collection of articles : the life story project 2006-2009
Assessing the support needs of adopted children and their families : building secure new lives
M.R. Neukirchen--the first female president of a lauded Ivy League institution--struggles to hold onto her self-identity in the face of personal and professional demons.
Summary (Documentation page).
The open adoption experience : a complete guide for adoptive and birth families : from making the decision through the child's growing years
The Finnish Board of Inter-Country Adoption Affairs : annual report 2006.
Fingersmith
Decision in child care
The adoption triangle revisited : a study of adoption, search and reunion experiences
Finnish adoption board : annual report 2000
Referat (Presentationsblad).
