http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28767 folk poetry (oral tradition)
folk poetry (oral tradition)
Songs of Gods, songs of humans : the epic tradition of the Ainu
Lila Abu-Lughod lived with a community of Bedouins in the Western Desert of Egypt for nearly two years, studying gender relations and the oral lyric poetry through which women and young men express personal feelings. The poems are haunting, the evocation of emotional life vivid. But her analysis also reveals how deeply implicated poetry and sentiment are in the play of power and the maintenance of a system of social hierarchy. What begins as a puzzle about a single poetic genre becomes a reflection on the politics of sentiment and the relationship between ideology and human experience.
The unwritten song : poetry of the primitive and traditional peoples of the world
Oral literature of the Maasai
On the case of Vambarljóð I : comments on formulaicity in the sagnakvæði
Love : introduction
Versatility in versification : multidisciplinary approaches to metrics
Adaptation, change, and decline in oral literature
The winged serpent : an anthology of American Indian prose and poetry
The heroic ballads of Russia
The growth of literature. 2
Dialogies in rhyme : the performative contexts of Cretan mantinádes
Poetry and poetics : literary conventions of Tamil love poetry = Poëzie en poëtica : literaire conventies van Tamil liefdespoëzie
Sijobang : sung narrative poetry of West Sumatra
On traditional register in oral poetry
Love and lamentation in Greek oral poetry
Estonian serfdom songs as a manifestation of popular Christianity
Carmina Gadelica : hymns and incantations : with illustrative notes on words, rites, and customs, dying and obsolete : orally collected in the highlands and islands of Scotland. Volume 3
Initiation between two worlds : structure and symbolism in pre-Christian Scandinavian religion
The making of Homeric verse : the collected papers of Milman Parry
The Kalevala and the Barzaz-Breiz : the relativity of the concept of 'forgery'
Songs of experience : the poetics of Tamil devotion
Medieval song in romance languages
Slavic folklore : a symposium
Dried millet breaking : time, words, and song in the Wo̧i epic of the Kpelle
The oldest Finnish proverb poems in relation to the Matti Kuusi international database of proverbs
Songs of travel, stories of place : poetics of absence in an Eastern Indonesian Society
The English and Scottish popular ballads
The folklore of Spain in the American Southwest : traditional Spanish folk literature in northern New Mexico and Southern Colorado
A comparative approach to the Finno-Ugric folk poetries : three alternative dispositions
Songs of memory in islands of Southeast Asia
Words as events : Cretan mantinádes in performance and composition
Veiled sentiments : honor and poetry in a Bedouin society
The Spanish traditional lyric
Goddesses unknown I : Njǫrun and the sister-wife of Njǫrðr
The Garnett book of Russian folk and anonymous verse
Legends of the South Seas : the world of the Polynesians seen through their myths and legends, poetry and art
Towards a typology of poetic forms : from language to metrics and beyond
Carmina Gadelica : hymns and incantations : with illustrative notes on words, rites, and customs, dying and obsolete : orally collected in the highlands and islands of Scotland. Volume 4
Voicing the moment : improvised oral poetry and Basque tradition
Oral poetry and field work in a Viena Karelian setting : Folklore Fellows' Summer School 2007 in Kuhmo and Vuokkiniemi
The wedding of the dead : ritual, poetics, and popular culture in Transylvania
Carmina Gadelica : hymns and incantations : with illustrative notes on words, rites, and customs, dying and obsolete : orally collected in the highlands and islands of Scotland. Volume 5
Sitaat as part of Somali women's everyday religion
Jarigan : Muslim epic songs of Bangladesh
Ants and Orioles : showing the art of Pima poetry
On the case of Vambarljóð II : register and mode from skaldic verse to sagnakvæði
Poetic formulas in late medieval Icelandic folk poetry : : the case of  Vamb̂arljóð
Self : introduction
The conscript : introduction
Roots of lyric : primitive poetry and modern poetics
Finnish folklore atlas. 2, Ethnic Culture of Finland
Text, context and performance in Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam
Suomen kansankulttuurin kartasto = Atlas of Finnish ethnic culture. 2, Suomen perinneatlas = Folklore
This book explores the narratives of people who trace their origin to Banda, the famous Nutmeg Islands of Eastern Indonesia. They were displaced from their ancient homeland by the Dutch colonization of Banda in 1621 and carry on their language and traditions in the village described in this study. The Bandanese continue travelling to distant places in pursuit of recognition by their ancestral allies. They bring their past into life through rituals and verbal arts which commemorate absent travelers and anticipate their return. This book argues that ethno-history can be a source of exemplary acts which inform collective responses to new circumstances. The folk poetry of the Bandanese places real, historical events in several chronotopic frameworks in which they are relived as memory and given a total meaning as history.
Tribal songs, ballads and oral epics of Bastar
Re-evaluating oral poetry : research on the composers ́ field
Serbo-Croatian heroic songs. 14, Bihaćka Krajina: epics from Bihać, Cazin, and Kulen Vakuf
Oral traditional literature : a festschrift for Albert Bates Lord
Oromo oral poetry seen from within / Catherine Griefenow-Mewis, Tamene Bitima (eds.) ; with an introduction by Wilhelm J. G. Möhlig
Reading the voice : native American oral poetry on the page
Explorations in Navajo poetry and poetics
Serbian folk poetry : ancient legends, romantic songs
Listening to poetry in a dead language : could dróttkvætt have been trochaic?
Traditions of heroic and epic poetry. Vol. 1, The traditions
Emperor Shaka the Great : a Zulu epic
From the Tana River to Lake Chad : research in African oratures and literatures : in memoriam Thomas Geider
The bones of the ancestors are shaking : Xhosa oral poetry in context
Degrees of well-formedness : the formula principle in the analysis of oral-poetic meters
Tales and poems of Tonga
From oral tradition to national epic : about the poetry, the collecting and Elias Lönnrot's Kalevala
African poetry : an anthology of traditional African poems
Hikâye : Turkish folk romance as performance art
Homer's traditional art : John Miles Foley
Homage to Georges Dumézil
The great bear : a thematic anthology of oral poetry in the Finno-Ugrian languages
Hildebrandslied 65b : suggestions for a new reading and interpretation
