http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28801 religious folklore
religious folklore
Beliefs and holy places : a spiritual geography of the Pimería Alta
The divine play on earth : religious aesthetics and ritual in Orissa, India
Migration and the remaking of ethnic/micro-regional connectedness
Ritual and the sacred : a neo-Durkheimian analysis of politics, religion and the self
The virgin and the dead : the Virgin of Guadalupe and the Day of the Dead in the construction of Mexican identities
Nordic folklore : recent studies
'Remembering God' through religious habits : the daily religious practices of evacuee Karelian orthodox women
Religion in contemporary China : revitalization and innovation
Leave the temple : Indian paths to human liberation
The Amish quilt
Mooncakes and hungry ghosts : festivals of China
Man and picture : papers from the first International Symposium for Ethnological Picture Research in Lund 1984
Sillaba : taiteen missio = konstens mission = the mission of art
Studies in Japanese folklore
Folklore of Tamil Nadu
Voices of the magi : enchanted journeys in southeast Brazil
Magic, witchcraft, and religion : an anthropological study of the supernatural
Amish crib quilts
The Little book of Jewish celebrations
The medieval European stage : 500-1550
The return of ancestral gods : modern Ukrainian paganism as an alternative vision for a nation
God in Chinatown : religion and survival in New York's evolving immigrant community
India : village tribal, ritual arts : an exhibition
Culture, language and globalization among the Moldavian Csángós today
Ritual and belief in Morocco
Headmasters' conceptions of school festival traditions
Days of death, days of life : ritual in the popular culture of Oaxaca
Between earth and sky : our intimate connections to trees
Catalogue of the Newark Museum Tibetan collection. Volume 1, Introduction
Religious experience : north and south
Discourse and the social life of meaning
An African worldview : the Muslim Amacinga Yawo of Southern Malaŵi
Khanty religious traditions in the epoch of religious suppression : the eve of religious studies in Siberia, 1700-late 1800.
The image of werewolf in folk religion and its theological and demonological interpretations
Tibet : a culture in transition
Ritual practice in modern Japan : ordering place, people, and action
African folklore
African peoples, alongside other peoples of all generations with good genuine religions have had a sound saving knowledge of the One, True God before Christianity was introduced to them. This is so because the Divine Spirit responsible for this inspiration is not restricted to Christianity. Rather, it is incarnated in every sound and good religion in all the ages of humankind. The main conclusion of my Doctoral Thesis as summed up above has already raised healthy debate in various circles in Kenya and elsewhere. It is hoped that this book will be accessible to more readers than the original Thesis, and that it will raise vigorous discussions on this and related themes. -- “This book is a challenge to all those involved in mission and dialogue in Africa. They are cautioned to avoid the temptation to demand of prospective African converts to abandon their religious heritage as a prerequisite for admission to the Church of Christ. Rather, prospective converts to the Christian faith should be encouraged to digest the Gospel in accordance with their own understanding within their respective cultures. Only through this process can the Gospel become internalized cross-culturally.” Prof. Frans Wijsen, Radboud University, Netherlands. -- “This book imposes on the reader an argument so forcefully articulated that it I difficult to refute. Anyone involve in Christian missionary activity in Africa would be wise to take the book very seriously.” Prof. J.N.K Mugambi, University of Nairobi, Kenya
Birds with human souls : a guide to bird symbolism
Cultivating a sense of belonging : the Orthodox church as a part of the collective memory of skolt sámi in Finland
Before the modernist transformations of the twentieth century, China had one of the richest and most diverse religious cultures in the world. This book shows that economic reforms and the concurrent relaxation of religious policies have provided fertile ground for the revitalization of a wide array of religious practices.
The oral tradition from Zhang-Zhung : an introduction to the Bonpo Dzogchen teachings of the oral tradition from Zhang-zhung known as the Zhang zhung snyan rgyud
The Art of Japanese architecture
The history and structure of Korean shamanism
Sacred geographies of ancient Amazonia : historical ecology of social complexity
The rough guide to voodoo
Still, the small voice : narrative, personal revelation, and the Mormon folk tradition
Songs for the spirits : music and mediums in modern Vietnam
The book Asian Public Theology is inspired by the vision that the response to the multifarious problems facing this continent needs a reflection in public along with many partners; it may not be responded to by conventional or dominant theologies pursued within narrow confines. This book takes up issues of public concern in Asia, examines them with the help of many disciplines and reflects on them in the light of the humanistic vision and values of Christian message. It is a theology that is open to all religious traditions and secular ideologies which are also challenged by the critical issues of this continent. At a time when more and more people are drawn into the null spaces of social insensitivity and seduced by the glitz and glamour of globalisation and its consumerism, public theology as a critical intervention, takes on a prophetic character. Asian Public Theology acknowledges the agency of the subalterns, affirms their ethical sense, inspires courage and evokes hope in them to build a different Asia. This book also discusses the human and ethical responsibility of all to take up the cause of the marginalised.
Mission in African christianity : critical essays in missiology
Between pulpit and pew : folk religion in a North Yorkshire fishing village
Science of religion : studies in methodology : proceedings of the Study Conference of the International Association for the History of Religions, held in Turku, Finland, August 27-31, 1973
In this paper, I will explore the ways in which processions, by their very visibility, foreground the relationships between the secular and the sacred, while contributing to a construction of identity and community, and simultaneously surfacing fractures therein. Using the example of multireligious yet secular Singapore, I will examine (a) the state's management of religious processions, including the regulation of time and space for such events, as well as regulations over noise production; (b) the tactics of adaptation, negotiation and resistance the participants engage in at an everyday level in response to the state's ideologies, policies, laws and strategies; (c) the participants' experience of these processions in terms of the sense of communitas that Turner describes but which Eade and Sallnow dispute, through emphasis on faultlines within "community" based on age, class and nationality; (d) the investment of sacred meanings in these processions by participants and the nature of their "sacred experience"; and (e) the manner in which such activities, associated state actions and participants' responses evoke reactions from non-participants within and beyond the specific religious group, exploring variations, from obvious fractures between groups to curiosity to enthusiastic support. My specific case focuses on Thaipusam processions in Singapore as one of the most colourful, organized and long-lasting religious processions. .
Tribal paintings and sculptures
Shaker : life, work, and art
An introduction to the Ḥadīth
Summary.
Skulls to the living, bread to the dead : [the Day of the Dead in Mexico and beyond]
Carnival and other Christian festivals : folk theology and folk performance
Folk groups and folklore genres : a reader
The Shabbat elevator and other Sabbath subterfuges : an unorthodox essay on circumventing custom and Jewish character
Grenada : Creole and Yoruba voices
"The earth has given birth to the sky" : female spirituality in the Hungarian folk religion
Interpreting classical religious texts in contemporary Africa
Buddhist art and narrative
Celebrate Ramadan and Eid al-Fitr
Rethinking the space for religion : new actors in Central and Southeast Europe on religion, authenticity and belonging
Hierarchy and pluralism : living religious difference in Catholic Poland
Jamaican warriors : reggae, roots & culture
The festivals of Nepal
Imagining the sacred past : hagiography and power in early Normandy
Cosmopolitans and heretics : new Muslim intellectuals and the study of Islam
God and revelation in African context
Introducing the mythological crescent : ancient beliefs and imagery connecting Eurasia with Anatolia
Understanding monastic practices of oral communication : (Western Europe, tenth-thirteenth centuries)
Ritual and belief in Morocco. Volume II
Arts and crafts of Mexico
Discourse in ethnomusicology. 2, A tribute to Alan P. Merriam
Religion and the study of social memory
Religious processions : urban politics and poetics
When God comes to town : religious traditions in urban contexts
The place of the dead : death and remembrance in late medieval and early modern Europe
Charming beauties and frightful beasts : non-human animals in South Asian myth, ritual and folklore
Dramatic political events involving Muslims across the world have put Islam under increased scrutiny. However, the focus of this attention is generally limited to the political realm and often even further confined by constrictive views of Islamism narrowed down to its most extremist exponents. Much less attention is paid to the parallel development of more liberal alternative Islamic discourses. The final decades of the twentieth-century has also seen the emergence of a Muslim intelligentsia exploring new and creative ways of engaging with the Islamic heritage. Drawing on advances made in the Western human sciences and understanding Islam in comprehensive terms as a civilisation rather than restricting it to religion in a conventional sense their ideas often cause controversy, even inviting accusations of heresy. Cosmopolitans and Heretics examines three of these new Muslim intellectuals who combine a solid grounding in the Islamic tradition with an equally intimate familiarity with the latest achievements of Western scholarship in religion. This cosmopolitan attitude challenges existing stereotypes and makes these thinkers difficult to categorise. Underscoring the global dimensions of new Muslim intellectualism, Kersten analyses contributions to contemporary Islamic thought of the late Nurcholish Madjid, Indonesia's most prominent public intellectual of recent decades, Hasan Hanafi, one of the leading philosophers in Egypt, and the influential French-Algerian historian of Islam Mohammed Arkoun. Emphasising their importance for the rethinking of the study of Islam as a field of academic inquiry, this is the first book of its kind and a welcome addition to the intellectual history of the modern Muslim world. -- Publisher description
Take me to the water : Immersion baptism in vintage music and photography 1890-1950
The religion of the slaves : a study of the religious tradition and behaviour of plantation slaves in the United States 1830-1865
Tibet : the heart of dharma : Buddha's teachings and the music they inspired
The earthen drum : ant introduction to the ritual arts of rural India
Simple beauty : the Shakers in America
Japanese culture : the religious and philosophical foundations
The pre-literate stage of religious tradition
Christian presence amid African religion
Sufi soul : the mystic music of Islam
Poetry in sufi practice : patrons, poets and performers in South Asian sufism from thirteenth century to the present
Folk saints of the borderlands : victims, bandits & healers
African intellectual heritage : a book of sources
Viking ale : studies on folklore contacts between the Northern and the Western worlds : presented to the author on the occasion of his 60th birthday
Asian public theology : critical concerns in challenging times
