http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28818 Croatian language literature
Croatian language literature
Baba Yaga is an old hag who lives in a house built on chicken legs and kidnaps small children. She is one of the most pervasive and powerful creatures in all mythology. She appears in many forms: as Pupa, a tricksy, cantankerous old woman who keeps her legs tucked into a huge furry boot; as a trio of mischievous elderly women who embark on the trip of a lifetime to a hotel spa; and as a villainous flock of ravens, black hens and magpies infected with the H5N1 virus. But what story does Baba Yaga have to tell us today? This is a quizzical tale about one of the most pervasive and poerful creatures in all mythology, and an extraordinay yarn of identity, secrets, storytelling and love.
The Marulić reader
"Jergovic is an enormously talented storyteller"-Aleksandar Hemon. A masterful collection of stories that draws the reader into a boy's episodic, profoundly personal recounting of his war-torn homeland and childhood. Dazzling, rhapsodic, and above all compassionate, these linked stories, deeply rooted in place and history, break down stereotypes and humanize a complex cultural conflict. Miljenko Jergovic, born in 1966, is a poet, novelist, and journalist. He was awarded the Ivan Goran Kovacic Award and the Mak Dizdar Award for Warsaw Observatory and the Erich Maria Remarque Peace Prize for Sarajevo Marlboro (Archipelago Books, 2003), now in its third printing"--
A historical outline of literary Croatian
Serbo-Croatian reader
An anthology of Croatian literature
Love lyric and other poems of the Croatian Renaissance : a bilingual anthology
"A masterful novel that draws the reader into a boy's episodic, profoundly personal recounting of his war-torn homeland and childhood. Dazzling, rhapsodic, and above all humane, these linked stories, deeply rooted in place and history, break down stereotypes and humanize a complex cultural conflict"--
Introduction to Yugoslav literature : an anthology of fiction and poetry
Southerly thoughts and other stories : an anthology of Croatian short stories
The silk, the shears, and Marina, or, about biography
In his semiautobiographical novel, Cyclops, Croatian writer Ranko Marinkovic recounts the adventures of young theatre critic Melkior Tresic, an archetypal antihero who decides to starve himself to avoid fighting in the front lines of World War II. As he wanders the streets of Zagreb in a near-hallucinatory state of paranoia and malnourishment, Melkior encounters a colourful circus of characters - fortune-tellers, shamans, actors, prostitutes, bohemians, and cafe intellectuals - all living in a fragile dream of a society about to be changed forever. A seminal work of postwar Eastern European literature, Cyclops reveals a little-known perspective on World War II from within the former Yugoslavia, one that has never before been available to an English-speaking audience. Vlada Stojiljkovic's able translation, improved by Ellen Elias-Bursac's insightful editing, preserves the striking brilliance of this riotously funny and densely allusive text. Along Melkior's journey Cyclops satirizes both the delusions of the righteous military officials who feed the national bloodlust as well as the wayward intellectuals who believe themselves to be above the unpleasant realities of international conflict. Through Stojiljkovic's clear-eyed translation, Melkior's peregrinations reveal how history happens and how the individual consciousness is swept up in the tide of political events, and this is accomplished in a mode that will resonate with readers of Charles Simic, Aleksandr Hemon, and Kundera.
The banquet in Blitva
Modern Slavic literatures : a library and literary criticism. 2, Bulgarian, Czechoslovak, Polish, Ukrainian and Yugoslav literatures
Monumenta Serbocroatica : a bilingual anthology of Serbian and Croatian texts from the 12th to the 19th century
A family guide to house monsters II
