http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2882 nominalism
nominalism
Realists and nominalists
Universals and scientific realism. Vol. 1, Nominalism and realism
Peirce and the threat of nominalism
William of Ockham on the powers of the soul
A nominalist ontology of the passions
Science without numbers : a defence of nominalism
William Ockham's theory of the foundations of ethics
The harvest of medieval theology : Gabriel Biel and late medieval nominalism
Topics in Latin philosophy from the 12th-14th centuries
Luther as nominalist : a study of the logical methods used in Martin Luther's disputations in the light of their medieval background
Outline of a nominalist theory of propositions : an essay in the theory of meaning and in the philosophy of logic
The medieval concept of time : studies on the scholastic debate and its reception in early modern philosophy
Duns Scotus and the problem of universals
Albert of Saxony's twenty-five disputed questions on logic : a critical edition of his Quaestiones circa logicam
William Ockham on the sensory passions of a human being
Five texts on the mediaeval problem of universals : Porphyry, Boethius, Abelard, Duns Scotus, Ockham
Pictorial nominalism : on Marcel Duchamp's passage from painting to the readymade
Haecceitas and the bare particular : a study of Duns Scotus' Theory of individuation
Universals
The event of literature
Logica modernorum in Prague about 1400 : the sophistria disputation 'Quoniam quatuor' (MS Cracow, Jagiellonian Library 686, ff. 1ra-79rb) : with a partial reconstruction of Thomas of Cleve's Logica
Science and simplicity
In this characteristically concise, witty, and lucid book, Terry Eagleton turns his attention to the questions we should ask about literature, but rarely do. What is literature? Can we even speak of "literature" at all? What do different literary theories tell us about what texts mean and do? In throwing new light on these and other questions he has raised in previous best-sellers, Eagleton offers a new theory of what we mean by literature. He also shows what it is that a great many different literary theories have in common. In a highly unusual combination of critical theory and analytic philosophy, the author sees all literary work, from novels to poems, as a strategy to contain a reality that seeks to thwart that containment, and in doing so throws up new problems that the work tries to resolve. The "event" of literature, Eagleton argues, consists in this continual transformative encounter, unique and endlessly repeatable. Freewheeling through centuries of critical ideas, he sheds light on the place of literature in our culture, and in doing so reaffirms the value and validity of literary thought today.
Tropes : properties, objects, and mental causation
Nominalism and contemporary nominalism : ontological and epistemological implications of the work of W. V. O. Quine and of N. Goodman
Philosophical writings : a selection
Trope theories and the problem of universals
Word and object
Nominalism and literary discourse : new perspectives
The problem of realism
The legal aspect of money : with special reference to comparative private and public international law
Properties as processes : a synoptic study of Wilfrid Sellar's nominalism
Abstraction, relation, and induction
Universals and scientific realism. 2, A theory of universals
Oxford studies in metaphysics : Volume 4
Aristotelian-Thomistic mental representation of reality: Intentionality versus intuition: Reason versus will?
Perceptual contents : a study on the nature of the contents of perceptual experience
A subject with no object : strategies for nominalistic interpretation of mathematics
Moderate realism and its logic
The nature of properties : nominalism, realism and trope theory
Universals : an opinionated introduction
A survey of metaphysics
Mathematical thought and its objects
Literary nominalism and the theory of rereading late medieval texts : a new research paradigm
The existence of the world : an introduction to ontology
Moderate nominalism and moderate realism
Believing in belonging : belief and social identity in the modern world
Metaphysics : a contemporary introduction
The shadow of Scotus : philosophy and faith in Pre-Reformation Scotland
Resemblance nominalism : a solution to the problem of universals
Ockham's theory of propositions : part II of the Summa logicae
Universals and property instances : the alphabet of being
On Ockham
Passions in William Ockham's philosophical psychology
The philosophical theology of John Duns Scotus
Pictorial nominalism : on Marcel Duchamp's passage from painting to readymade / Thierry de Duve ; foreword by John Rajchman
Analytical metaphysics : a collection of essays. Vol. 3, The nature of properties : nominalism, realism, and trope theory
William Ockham
"Mirage realism" or "positivism in naturalism's clothing"?
The revival of realism
