http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28898 Malayalam language
Malayalam language
Collins English-Malayalam, Malayam-English dictionary
The sandal trees and other stories
Phonemic and morphemic frequencies in Malayalam
Postpositions in a Dravidian language : transformational analysis of Malayalam
Learn Malayalam in a month : easy method of learning Malayalam through English without a teacher
Opposition of dental and alveolar consonants in Malayalam
Language in a plural society
Dravidian phonological systems
Selected South Indian inscriptions : Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada
Malayalam anthology. 1, Fiction
A Malayalam and English dictionary
A course in colloquial Malayalam
Third Seminar on Dravidian Linguistics
The Tiyya dialect
An intensive course in Malayalam
A triennal catalogue of Malayalam Manuscripts collected for the Government Oriental Manuscripts Library, Madras. Vol. 1, Malayalam
Dialect of Malayalam spoken by the Tiyyas (Ezhavas), socially and economically underprivileged pople in Kerala.
A descriptive catalogue of the Malayalam Manuscripts in the Government Oriental Manuscripts Library, Madras. Vol. 1
Cochin dialect of Malayalam
The tribal languages of South Kerala
Collins English - Malayalam dictionary
Dialect survey of Malayalam : (Ezhava-Tiiya)
A childhood in Malabar : a memoir
Malayāḷa sāhitya darppaṇaṃ = Advanced course reader in Malayalam
Malayalam anthology. 2, Poetry, drama, criticism
Malayalam self-taught : by the natural method with phonetic pronunciation, Thimm's system
English-Malayalam dictionary
A descriptive catalogue of the Malayalam manuscripts in the Government Oriental Manuscripts Library, Madras. Vol. 2, 352-368
A grammar of the Malayalam language in historical treatment
Introductory Malayalam
Malayalam grammar and reader
Verse treatise by a king of Travancore, former princely state, on dramaturgy and histrionics, with special reference to Indian classical dance; includes his biography.
The great English-Indian dictionary : for use in the various Aryan and Dravidian languages of India and Ceylone : namely Bengali, Gujrati, Hindi, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Nepali, Oriya, Punjabi, Singhalese, Tamil, Telugu, and allied languages. [Vol. 1, pt. 1], [Chemistry : elements, their derivatives and compounds, symbols, suffixes, etc.]
Nominal composition in Malayalam
Malayalam for foreigners
A grammar of the Malayalim language
Sociolinguistics and dialectology : (seminar papers)
