http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28836 machine to machine communications
machine to machine communications M2M
Intellectual property and international trade : the TRIPs agreement
Telecollaboration 2.0 : language, literacies and intercultural learning in the 21st century
Continuum companion to discourse analysis
Conclusions and recommendations (s. 299-308).
Cross-cultural design for IT products and services
Teaching with ICT: what does it mean? : "from e-mail to super web tools!"
Analysing the efficiency of the logistics process among KONE Elevators Lt. KDI, KONE Elevators Ltd. Co. Kunshan, China and KONE Distributors
Defining new directions for user experience design
Computer-mediated communication : linguistic, social and cross-cultural perspectives
Intercultural competence as part of professional qualifications : a training experiment with bachelor of engineering students
Information technology and global interdependence
Information technology outlook
SLR '87 : papers from the Fourth International Symposium on Sign Language Research, Lappeenranta, Finland July 15-19, 1987
Small world for dynamic wireless cyber-physical systems
Cyberwar, netwar and the revolution in military affairs
"With the increase of globalization of business and industry, IT products and services are often produced and marketed across geographical cultural boundaries without adequate consideration of culture. There is a high probability that IT products and services developed in one country may not be effectively used in another country, which may hinder market penetration, sales, and use. This book provides comprehensive coverage of the psychological foundations of cross-cultural design. The text presents methodology for assessing similarities, differences, likes, dislikes, and difficulties with different information appliance products and information services"--Provided by publisher.
Global trends in translator and interpreter training : mediation and culture
Information society statistics 2006
Mediating discourse online
New structural forms and inter-unit communication in multinationals : the case of KONE Elevators
New structural forms and inter-unit communication in multinationals : a process perspective on KONE Elevators Northern Europe
Globalized e-learning cultural challenges
Online intercultural exchange : an introduction for foreign language teachers
Comp[at]ct - connecting Comenius schools
Architectural robotics : ecosystems of bits, bytes, and biology
Children in the new media landscape : games, pornography, perceptions
The KOD system : current stage of development
Educational cooperation and collaboration : ICT and international project work
The Internet of Things : key applications and protocols
Strategic insights for competitive advantage through connected products
Today, industries and consumer markets are increasingly using services exposed from wireless sensor and actuator networks. Such systems are here referred to as cyber-physical machine-to-machine systems. These systems rely on the capability to communicate, compute, monitor and control by using information. The motivation for the present research arises from problems detected in the remote interaction with embedded devices over dynamic wireless networks in such systems. The problems are caused by the heterogeneity of devices, networks and operating environments, mobility, dynamic presence, security demands of the owners and of use, multiple radios, unreliability, dynamic topologies, and changes happening in the system.The approach selected in this research to address these problems is based on the application of the small-world paradigm to cyber-physical systems. The small-world paradigm is based on the observation that people are often linked in a successful social communication chain by, on average, six intermediate steps. In the present study, it is assumed that the concept of small world can be expanded to also cover communication with wireless embedded devices in cyber-physical systems context. In addition, it is expected that creation of wireless short-cuts can, in accordance with the small-world paradigm, improve the scalability and efficiency of dynamic wireless networking.The main contributions of this research are the technical enablers referred to as dynamic communication spaces, dynamic M2M service spaces, configuration and remote use of services, communication overlay, access systems selection, integrated mobility, secure ad hoc networking, situated opportunistic communication, hierarchical networking for small-world networks, and short-cuts for network optimization. Each of the provided technical enablers contributes towards making remote interaction withembedded devices over dynamic wireless networks possible. The enablers have been evaluated as separate technical methods and means by means of experiments and/or simulations. On the basis of the analysis and synthesis, it was established that they work well as separate building blocks and that they can be combined to expand the concept of small world to also cover communication with embedded devices. Furthermore, it was established that creation of wireless short-cuts can, in accordance with the small-world concept, improve the scalability and efficiency of dynamic wireless networking. In addition, weak links were observed to be essential in the small-world neighbour discovery process. In sum, the evaluation results indicate that the provided enablers help the remote interaction with embedded devices and promote the application of the smallworld concept to dynamic wireless cyber-physical systems.
Personal machine-to-machine (M2M) healthcare system with mobile device in global networks
Navigating in educational contexts : identities and cultures in dialogue
Comp@ct : connecting Comenius schools
Technology in interlanguage pragmatics research and teaching
"This book's purpose is to inform educators and instructional designers of issues and cultural misunderstandings that could hinder the effective transfer of knowledge when e-learning is exported to other cultures. Addressing these cultural challenges will enhance the effectiveness of e-learning, thereby supporting the societal benefits of increased access to education at a global level"--Provided by publisher.
