http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2889 weak signals
weak signals
Seeing what's next? : using the theories of innovation to predict industry change
The future of food tourism : foodies, experiences, exclusivity, visions and political capital
The Third International Crisis Management Workshop CriM'2007 : September 20-21, 2007
Superforecasting : the art and science of prediction
Increasing flexibility by environment scanning of the early signs of change in the complex environment
Trends as a concrete help of futures thinking for organizations : how could trends become understood and utilized better?
Exploration to trends & product development : a framework to guide trend & consumer driven concept development
"Thinking out of the box" : weak signals and wild cards for European regions
Weak signals in organizational futures learning
The trend management toolkit : a practical guide to the future
The trend forecaster's handbook
Foresight and innovation : how companies are coping with the future
The HBR list : breakthrough ideas for 2009.
Microtrends : the small forces behind tomorrow's big changes
The tacit signal method in human competence based organization performance development
"In a fast moving world, businesses need to keep up with data analysis and pattern spotting to identify future opportunities. Anne Lise Kjaer presents a unique methodology for global trend spotting along with practical tools and approaches to help companies and organizations analyse market changes and determine the way ahead. The toolkit includes features such as 'How to create your own Trend Atlas' and 'How to Use Trends in Action', alongside case studies and profiles of previous research projects for major organizations. She encourages readers to become market leaders rather than followers, by developing a 'future-orientated mindset' to interpret contradictive influences and identify trends as they emerge"--
Information and communication support for crisis prevention and management : preparation for the 7th framework of the European Union ; editors: Jorma Kajava ... [et al.]
Human resource development function to both organizational performance and quality of working life
Peripheral vision : detecting the weak signals that will make or break your company
"Foresight and Innovation: How are Companies Coping with the Future? is a concise guide for readers that are interested in their personal or their organization's future. Written by Finnish futurist Elina Hiltunen, the book introduces various ideas in relation to how organizations could be better prepared for the future. It tackles the idea that you should be humble when facing the future, but not subservient. In practice, this means that we should anticipate various futures (or scenarios) and be prepared for them, at least mentally. On the other hand we - as individuals and organizations - are in a key position to ensure a better future for us all. This is achieved by innovating and communicating the future. The book consists of numerous examples of how various organizations are coping with the future and gives the reader practical tools as to how to work with the future"
Scanning the Business Environment and Detecting Weak Signals : anticipation for decision-making
Coolhunting : chasing down the next big thing
The Second Crisis Management Workshop CriM'2006 : September 28, 2006
Information and Communication Support for Crisis Prevention and Management : SeNTRE WP5 Workshop, preparation for the 7th framework of the European Union, November 15, 2005, Brussels, Belgium
Positive human tacit signal approach and competence system intelligence in organization
