http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28889 Tamil language literature
Tamil language literature
The Tiruvāçagam, or, 'Sacred utterances' of the Tamil poet, saint, and sage Māṇikka-Vāçagar : the Tamil text of the fifty-one poems, with English translation, introductions, and notes : to which is prefixed a summary of the life and legends of the sage : with appendices illustrating the great South-Indian system of philosophy and religion called the Çaiva Siddhāntam : with Tamil lexicon and concordance
Consider our vow : translation of Tiruppāvai and Tiruvempāvai into English
International encyclopaedia of Indian literature. Vol. 2, Tamil
A most truthful picture and other stories
Chosen poems and prose
The Sacred Kural or the Tamil Veda of Tiruvalluvar
The divine Kura tribe : kuravanci and other prabandhams
The poems of ancient Tamil, their milieu and their Sanskrit counterparts
Contributed papers, mostly on Tamil language and literature.
Hymns of the Tamil Śaivite saints
Women writers in South Indian languages
In a time of burning
Vidyārṇavavandanam : essays in Honour of Asko Parpola
An introduction to Tamil literature
The Tamil Skandapurānam
Pre-Pallavan Tamil index : (index of historical material in Pre-Pallavan Tamil literature)
Contemporary Tamil short fiction
The sacred Kural, or, The Tamil Veda of Tiruvalluvar
The Tirukkural : (a unique guide to moral, material and spiritual prosperity) ; translated by G. Vanmikanathan
A descriptive catalogue of Tamil manuscripts in Mahāmahōpādhyāya Dr. V. Swāmināthaiyar library : [purānas, tala-purānas and pirapantas]. Volume 2, (Nos. 441-1132)
A catalogue of the Tamil books in the library of the British Museum. Vol. 1
Pura-Porul, "the objective" : a summarised account of Pura-Porul Venbā Mālai and selections translated from Pura-Nānūru
The Kural
International catalogue of Tamil palmleaf manuscripts. Vol. 1, (1-6019)
Flowers & formulas : nature as symbolic code in old Tamil love poetry
Poems of Subramania Bharati : a selection
Descriptive catalogue of manuscripts = [Catalogue descriptif des manuscrits]. 3, Mss. 276-375
Lexicon of Tamil literature
Songs of the harsh devotee : the Tēvāram of Cuntaramūrttināyan̲ār
The smile of Murugan : on Tamil literature of South India
A catalogue of the Tamil books in the library of the British Museum. Vol. 2, Supplementary catalogue
A history of Tamil literature
A descriptive catalogue of Tamil manuscripts in Mahāmahōpādhyāya Dr. V. Swāmināthaiyar library : [religions, arts, sciences, etc.]. Volume 4, (Nos. 1827-2326)
Encyclopaedia of Tamil literature : (in 10 volumes). Volume 1, Introductory articles
Computerised international catalogue of Tamil palmleaf manuscripts. Vol. 5
A descriptive catalogue of Tamil manuscripts in Mahāmahōpādhyāya Dr. V. Swāmināthaiyar library : [religion and philosophy-saivam]. Volume 3, (Nos. 113-1826)
Tirukkuṛaḷ of Tiruvaḷḷuvar : with English translation
Poems of love and war : from eight anthologies and ten long poems of classical Tamil
You cannot turn away : poems in Tamil
This selection of poems by Cheran, one of the most important poets writing in Tamil today, charts the civil war in Sri Lanka of more than three decades, and its aftermath, in a narrative set against a landscape once idyllic, now devastated. Yet this is not the only narrative in this book: woven throughout are love poems - which, even in his earliest work, are shadowed by uncertainty and loss - and poems about displacement, exile and the experience of diaspora.
Literary history in Tamil : (a historiographical analysis)
A Tamil prose reader : selections from contemporary Tamil prose with notes and clossary
Computerised international catalogue of Tamil palmleaf manuscripts. Vol. 3, (11184-16404)
Collection of contributed papers presented at a seminar.
The Tamils eighteen hundred years ago
Encyclopaedia of Tamil literature. Volume 2
Kural of Tiruvalluver = Tiruvalluveri Kural. Versione latina adnotationibus glossarique illustratus : High-Tamil text with translation into common Tamil and Latin, notes and glossary
Companion studies to the history of Tamil literature
Descriptive catalogue of manuscripts = [Catalogue descriptif des manuscrits]. 4, Mss. 376-475
The language of Sangam literature and Tolkāppiyam
Truth tales : contemporary writing by Indian women
Bilingual discourse and cross-cultural fertilisation : Sanskrit and Tamil in medieval India
Generations
Computerised international catalogue of Tamil palmleaf manuscripts. Vol. 4, (16405-21973)
Kalēvalā : Pi−nlānti−n tēcīya kāviyam = Kalevala : the national epic of Finland
Indian poetry today
Encyclopaedia of Tamil literature. Volume 3
My father's friend and other stories
Ver̲r̲i vēr̲kai or the hand with a victorious spear : a popular books of maxims attributed to the 16th century king Ativīrarāma Pāṇṭiyan̲
An introduction to the history of Tamil literature
Studies in Tamil literature and history
Imagining a place for Buddhism : literary culture and religious community in Tamil-speaking South India
Computerised international catalogue of Tamil palmleaf manuscripts. Vol. 2, (6020-11183)
The Ayodhya canto of the Ramayana
South-Indian horizons : felicitaion volume for François Gros on the occasion of his 70th birthday
The sound of the snore : a collection of short stories
The taste of laughter : aspects of Tamil humour
Thirukkural with English couplets
A study of Cīvakacintāmaṇi : particularly from the point of view of interaction of Sanskrit language and literature with Tamil
Tamil short stories
The four hundred songs of war and wisdom : an anthology of poems from classical Tamil : the Pur̲anān̲ūr̲u
This book provides, for the first time, a bilingual edition of forty poems by R Cheran. Written over a period of three decades, the poems cover a range of experiences, including love, war, despair, hope, and diaspora. Cheran is considered one of the finest contemporary poets in Tamil, and his poetry is read widely in North America, Europe, and South Asia. Both modernist and unfailingly lyrical, his work is a remarkable blend of tradition and innovation.
Language versus dialect : linguistic and literary essays on Hindi, Tamil, and Sarnami
Anthology of selected poems, translated into English; includes introduction to the poets.
