http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28880 media use
media use media usage
Multimedia learning
Digital pioneers : cultural drivers of future media culture
The emerging media toddlers
Discovering New Media
Digital kids : how to balance screen time, and why it matters
Designing video and multimedia for open and flexible learning
The art of interactive design : a euphonious and illuminating guide to building successful software
"I Sid you not", "Raanta Claus" and "Getz the last laf" : punning wordplays in the news headlines of the National Hockey League's official website
The social machine : designs for living online
Social media and public libraries : exploring information activities of library professionals and users
One Show interactive : advertising's best interactive and new media : volume 11
Social media in the public sector field guide : designing and implementing strategies and policies
MTIV process, inspiration and practice for the new media designer
Sprache und die modernen Medien : Akten des 37. Linguistischen Kolloquiums in Jena 2002 = Language and the modern media : proceedings of the 37th Linguistic Colloquium, Jena 2002
Interface archaeology in simulation culture
Exercising power in social media
Core factors influencing satisfaction with a Chinese social networking site page service
Multimedia projects in education : designing, producing, and assessing
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Understanding the internet : A glimpse into the building blocks, applications, security and hidden secrets of the Web
Where should we go today? : Social-driven event calendar for Finnish consumers
Information technology incidents in the present information society:viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
The Internet playground : children's access, entertainment, and mis-education
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Banners, ribbons and scrolls : CD-ROM & book
iPad for dummies
Engaging with media in the fragmented media environment : using multiple methods to discover elements of media engagement
It is important to have alternatives in everyday life to have best of everything and this is also true while selecting operating system. Windows being only chargeable operating system and Microsoft ending support for Windows XP, many consumers are looking alternatives. This thesis evaluates Windows 7 and Linux Mint 13 functionalities from student point of view by conducting a case study. Case study consisted several tasks for operating systems user interface and programs. It was discovered that both operating systems were able to execute the desirable functions and were user friendly according to the test subject. Windows 7 is more likely to be consumers choice because its familiarity but for more money conscious consumer, Linux Mint is something to be considered.
Computing for seniors QuickSteps
News talk : investigating the language of journalism
Google on the Go : using an android-powered mobile phone
Teaching, multimedia, and mathematics : investigations of real practice
Free speech : ten principles for a connected world
The knowledge web: learning and collaborating on the net
Abstract: "What was actually said" : the analysis of Hannu Taanila's radio programs.
For many children and teens daily Internet use is the norm - but where should we draw the line when it comes to digital media usage? This handy book lays out the essential information needed to understand and prevent excessive Internet use that negatively impacts behaviour, education, family life, and even physical health. Martin L. Kutscher, MD analyses neurological, psychological and educational research and draws on his own experience to show when Internet use stops being a good thing and starts to become excessive. He shows how to spot digital addictions, and offers whole family approaches for limiting the harmful effects of too much screen time, such as helping kids to learn to control their own Internet use. He tackles diverse questions ranging from the effects of laptops in the classroom and reading on a digital screen, to whether violent videogames lead to aggression. The author also explains how ADHD and Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) can make you more susceptible to Internet addiction, suggesting practical strategies to suit these specific needs. Discussing both the good and bad aspects of the internet, this book tells you everything you need to know to help children and young people use the internet in a healthy, balanced way.
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
Evaluation of MMC remote upgrade option
Media power in politics
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Creating crossmedia user interfaces
Finnish students' uses of and attitudes towards English on Facebook
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Words on the web : computer mediated communication
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
New media language
Young people and new media : childhood and the changing media environment
The integrated media machine : a theoretical framework
Female style vs. male style or something in between? : a case study on gendered communication on the Humans of New York Facebook page
"When life gives u lemons, go for a #run. #mindfullofthoughts" : Finnish sports and fitness people's use of English on Instagram
Play, creativity, and digital cultures
Understanding media users : from theory to practice
In your face : the best of interactive interface design
Memory, interface, public space : contextual approach to Internet and media art
Investigating media discourse
Social media for educators : strategies and best practices
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
The absent peer : non-users in social interaction design
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Social media in the public sector : a guide to participation, collaboration, and transparency in the networked world
Is your child safe online? : a parent's guide to the internet, Facebook, mobile phones & other new media
Lumina - a fantasy story for young adults : a case study on designing a concept for an experience e-book
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
A compilation of new media design
Disconnect.me : user engagement and Facebook
At some point, maybe twenty minutes after he'd begun refreshing Twitter, Tumblr, Facebook, Gmail in a continuous cycle - with an ongoing, affectless, humorless realisation that his day 'was over' - he noticed with confusion, having thought it was early morning, that it was 4:46PM. Taipei is an ode - or lament - to the way we live now. Following Paul from New York, where he comically navigates Manhattan's art and literary scenes, to Taipei, Taiwan, where he confronts his family's roots, we see one relationship fail, while another is born on the internet and blooms into an unexpected wedding in Las Vegas. From one of this generation's most talked-about and enigmatic writers comes a deeply personal and uncompromising novel about memory, love, and what it means to be alive.
Online social networking on campus : understanding what matters in student culture
Reconceptualizing literacy in the media age
Report on children's Internet usage
Computers for seniors for dummies
The media use of ethiopians in Finland
The rough guide to the iPhone
New narrative pleasure? : a cognitive-phenomenological study of the experience of reading digital narrative fictions
The benefits of using social media : case: Lancôme Paris
One Show interactive : advertising's best interactive and new media : volume 8
Oswald and the objects : improving the access of Finnish daycare centers to Design Museum's educational activities
Digital youth, innovation, and the unexpected
Summary: In search for media language skills.
Developing scalable series 40 applications : a guide for Java developers
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
Facebook for grown-ups
Windows 7 and Linux Mint : evaluation of basic actions from student's perspective - case study
Mediatization and sociolinguistic change
Favela media activism : political trajectories of low-income Brazilian youth
