http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2886 scholasticism
scholasticism
Eco's chaosmos : from the Middle Ages to postmodernity
Cartesian metaphysics : the late scholastic origins of modern philosophy
The social and political theory of Francisco Suárez
Orthodoxy and controversy in twelfth-century religious discourse : Peter Lombard's Sencences and the development of theology
Thomas Aquinas' trinitarian theology : a study in theological method
Scholastic meditations
Studies in scholasticism
The propositional logic of Boethius
Biblical humanism and scholasticism in the age of Erasmus
Medieval thought : an introduction
The metaphysical thought of Thomas Aquinas : from finite being to uncreated being
Jacques Maritain and the ways of knowing
During the seventeenth century Francisco Suárez was considered one of the greatest philosophers of the age: he is now re-merging as a major subject of critical and historical investigation. A leading team of scholars explore his work on ethics, metaphysics, ontology, and theology. This will be the starting-point for future research on Suárez.
Descartes and the last Scholastics
Humanism and scholasticism in late medieval Germany
A history of philosophy. Volume 2, Medieval philosophy
James E. Bruce explores the relationship between morality and God's free choices in the thought of Francis Turretin (1623-1687). The first book-length treatment of Turretin's natural law theory, Bruce provides an important theological backdrop to Early Modern moral and political philosophy. Turretin affirms Thomas Aquinas's approach to the natural law, calling it the common opinion of the Reformed orthodox, but he develops it, too, by introducing a threefold scheme of right (ius)—divine, natural, and positive—to explain how change within the law is possible. So, for example, God can change the specific day for Sabbath observance from Saturday to Sunday—from positive right—without changing the natural law precept that finite creatures ought to rest. Yet even with respect to the natural law God is still free: God's free choices determine the natural law insofar as the natural law is constituted by the nature of the things God has chosen to create. God cannot make a murderable man, but he can make a world in which there is no such thing as murder—but only by choosing to create a world that contains no such a thing as man.
Introduction to Saint Thomas Aquinas
Indulgences, satisfaction, and the heart's contrition in twelfth-century crusading theology
This is a study in the Christology of Jerome Zanchi (1516-90), a leading 16th century reformed scholastic theologian. The study as a whole is bound together by doctrinal topics, themes and trajectories important to the 16th century Christological debates as well as by philosophical issues and arguments. In the first chapter, Stefan Lindholm situates Zanchi in the contemporary research into reformed scholasticism. Lindholm gives an account of what he calls 'analytic Christology' and why it is relevant to the present study. In the second chapter, he contextualizes Zanchi's Christology, historically and theologically. He discusses the sources and context of Zanchi's Christology and characterize it as catholic, scholastic and reformed. In the second part, on the hypostatic union, Lindholm evaluates Zanchi's view of the virgin birth – The process of hominization – in the third chapter. In the fourth chapter, he analyses Zanchi's uses of the part-whole and soul-body similes for the hypostatic union. What emerges is a rather ambiguous view of the hypostatic union. At the end of this chapter, Lindholm offers further correctives to Zanchi's assumed metaphysical framework in order to better accommodate the sort of claims Zanchi wants to make about the hypostatic union. The central theme in the debate between the Lutherans and the reformed theologians, the communication of properties, is treated in the third part. Chapter five deals with Zanchi's controversy with Martin Chemnitz' notion of the majestic genus (genus maiestaticum). In the sixth chapter Lindholm discusses the most heated issue in the debate about the communication of properties: ubiquity. He shows that Zanchi tends to argue against a sort of generalized version of ubiquity but it is not clear that Chemnitz actually ascribed to that position which weakens the force of Zanchi's arguments. Finally, Lindholm looks at two scholastic arguments found in Chemnitz for multi-location and reconstruct a possible Zanchian response to them. In a postscript, Lindholm suggests some trajectories for future research.
Scholastic Florence : moral psychology in the Quattrocento
Passions in William Ockham's philosophical psychology
Scholastic humanism and the unification of Europe.. Vol. 2
his is the first book to look closely at the contested reception of Peter Lombard's Sentences and its eventual triumph at the Fourth Lateran Council. This is the first book to look closely at the contested reception of Peter Lombard's Sentences and its eventual triumph at the Fourth Lateran Council. By placing Peter Lombard's career and works within the broader frame of twelfth-century ideas, practice, and institutions, the author explores and contextualizes the controversies that attended the publication of the Sentences. At the same time, she also traces the growing popularity of the Sentences and its increasing prestige and importance among the literary elites of Northern Europe. The book argues that the allegations of error made against Lombard's Christology and Trinitarian theology in the period between 1156 and 1215 must be understood in the longer history of intellectual controversy in the Schools of Northern Europe. In the trials of Berengar of Tours, Abelard, and Gilbert of Poitiers, the author uncovers a consistent tradition of critique within the schools which, she then shows, inform subsequent criticisms of Peter Lombard's intellectual legacy. Concomitantly, she explores how responses made in support of the Sentences, against men such as Gerhoh of Reichersberg and Joachim of Fiore, consolidated the emerging canonical status of the work as a textbook in theology which would be finally endorsed at Lateran IV. As such, this study challenges our understanding of the making of orthodoxy in the twelfth century.
Rethinking Abelard : a collection of critical essays
Mediaeval commentaries on the Sentences of Peter Lombard. Volume 3
Dictionary of scholastic philosophy
The philosophy of Aquinas
The Middle Ages
Natural and divine law : reclaiming the tradition for Christian ethics
Spirits and clocks : machine and organism in Descartes
Luther as nominalist : a study of the logical methods used in Martin Luther's disputations in the light of their medieval background
The perspective of morality : philosophical foundations of Thomistic virtue ethics
The status of psychology as understood by sixteenth-century scholastics
Scholastic challenges to some mediaeval and modern ideas
Canonical medicine : Gentile da Foligno and scholasticism
Anselm's other argument
Aquinas's ethics : metaphysical foundations, moral theory, and theological context
Trinitarian theology in the medieval west
On creation, conservation, and concurrence : metaphysical disputations 20, 21, and 22
Selected philosophical writings
Adelmann of Liège and the Eucharistic controversy
On the borders of being and knowing : late scholastic theory of supertranscendental being
The logic of desire : Aquinas on emotion
Hugh of Saint Victor
Monastic, scholastic and mystical theologies from the Later Middle Ages
Beatific enjoyment in scholastic theology and philosophy: 1240-1335
Renaissance truths : humanism, scholasticism and the search for the perfect language
Dante's enigmas : medieval scholasticism and beyond
Per visibilia ad invisibilia : theological method in Richard of St. Victor (d.1173)
The ethics of St. Thomas Aquinas : happiness, natural law and the virtues
Love of self and love of God in thirteenth-century ethics
Descartes among the Scholastics
Reflections on philosophy and religion
Theological Texts
Marsilius of Inghen's Sentences Commentary is a crucial piece of evidence in the history of thought between Ockham and Luther, covering almost the complete range of items important in pre-modern philosophy and theology. The part edited here is concerned with the Trinity, dealing with the unity and the distinction of the divine persons. It addresses the use of logic in theology, the dialectics between authority and reason, and reveals new evidence on the debates between Realists and Nominalists at the Universities of Paris and Heidelberg. The present edition provides the reader a first critical text based on an assessment of all textual witnesses, thus offering an indispensable tool for uncovering the intricacies of Scholasticism at the eve of Reformation.
Aquinas and the Nicomachean ethics
Reading Cusanus : metaphor and dialectic in a conjectural universe
Christ's two wills in scholastic thought : the Christology of Aquinas and its historical contexts
A history of philosophy. Vol. 3, Ockham to Suárez
A short history of medieval philosophy
Buddhism and language : a study of Indo-Tibetan scholasticism
The High Middle Ages were remarkable for their coherent sense of 'Christendom': of people who belonged to a homogeneous Christian society marked by uniform rituals of birth and death and worship. That uniformity, which came under increasing strain as national European characteristics became more pronounced, achieved perhaps its most perfect intellectual expression in the thought of the western Christian thinkers who are sometimes called 'scholastic theologians'. These philosophers produced (during roughly the period 1050-1350 CE) a cohesive body of work from their practice of theology as an academic discipline in the university faculties of their day. Richard Cross' elegant and stylish textbook - designed specifically for modern-day undergraduate use on medieval theology and philosophy courses - offers the first focused introduction to these thinkers based on the individuals themselves and their central preoccupations. The book discusses influential figures like Abelard, Peter Lombard and Hugh of St Victor; the use made by Aquinas of Aristotle; the mystical theology of Bonaventure; Robert Grosseteste's and Roger Bacon's interest in optics; the complex metaphysics of Duns Scotus; and the political thought of Marsilius of Padua and William of Ockham. Key themes of medieval theology, including famous axioms like 'Ockham's Razor', are here made fully intelligible and transparent.
Introduction to medieval logic
Ens rationis from Suárez to Caramuel : a study in scholasticism of the Baroque Era
One of the leading humanists of Quattrocento Italy, Lorenzo Valla (1406-1457) has been praised as a brilliant debunker of medieval scholastic philosophy. In this book Lodi Nauta seeks a more balanced assessment, presenting us with the first comprehensive analysis of the humanist's attempt at radical reform of Aristotelian scholasticism. This study examines Valla's attack on major tenets of Aristotelian metaphysics, employing common sense and linguistic usage as his guides. It then explicates Valla's critique of Aristotelian psychology and natural philosophy and discusses his moral and religious views, including Valla's notorious identification of Christian beatitude with Epicurean pleasure and his daring views on the Trinity. Finally, it takes up Valla's humanist dialectic, which seeks to transform logic into a practical tool measured by persuasiveness and effectiveness. Nauta firmly places Valla's arguments and ideas within the contexts of ancient and medieval philosophical traditions as well as recent interest in ancient rhetoric. He also demonstrates the relevance of Valla's conviction that the philosophical problems of the scholastics are rooted in a misunderstanding of language. Combining philosophical exegesis and historical scholarship, this book offers a new approach to a major Renaissance thinker.
Summulae De Locis Dialecticis
In defense of common sense : Lorenzo Valla's humanist critique of scholastic philosophy
Introducing Nicholas of Cusa : a guide to a Renaissance man
The medieval Christian philosophers : an introduction
Topics in Latin philosophy from the 12th-14th centuries
Mediaeval commentaries on the Sentences of Peter Lombard : current research. Volume 1
Humanism, scholasticism, and the theology and preaching of Domenico de' Domenichi in the Italian Renaissance
Nicole Oresme and the medieval geometry of qualities and motions : a treatise on the uniformity and difformity of intensities known as Tractatus de configurationibus qualitatum et motuum
A companion to philosophy in the middle ages
The medieval concept of time : studies on the scholastic debate and its reception in early modern philosophy
Philosophy and civilization in the Middle Ages
The dream of reason : a history of western philosophy from the Greeks to the Renaissance
Rights in the law : the importance of god's free choices in the thought of Francis Turretin
The Gospels in the schools c. 1100 - c. 1280
Thomas Aquinas on human nature : a philosophical study of Summa theologiae Ia 75-89
Introduction to scholastic theology
Selections from medieval philosophers. 2, Roger Bacon to William of Ockham
Creating anti-eloquence : epistolae obscurorum virorum and the humanist polemics on style
The philosophical theology of John Duns Scotus
Understanding scholastic thought with Foucault
Mediaeval commentaries on the Sentences of Peter Lombard. Volume 2
Metaphysics of Aquinas : a summary of Aquinas's exposition of Aristotle's Metaphysics
On logic : an Arabic critical edition and English translation of Epistles 10-14
Descartes and the first cartesians
Sacramental forgiveness as a gift of God : Thomas Aquinas on the sacrament of penance
Scholasticism after Thomas Aquinas and the teachings of Hasdai Crescas and his predecessors
William of Ockham on the powers of the soul
A history of mediaeval philosophy
A scholastic miscellany : Anselm to Ockham
The philosophy of Thomas Aquinas : introductory readings
Good & evil actions : a journey through Saint Thomas Aquinas
A history of medieval philosophy
Selected writings
Duns Scotus and the problem of universals
Proceedings of "The Quadruple Congress" on John Duns Scotus. P. 4, La réception de Duns Scot = Die Rezeption des Duns Scotus = Scotism through the centuries
Jerome Zanchi (1516-90) and the analysis of reformed scholastic Christology
John Duns Scotus : renewal of philosophy
Right practical reason : Aristotle, action, and prudence in Aquinas
Contemplating Aquinas : on the varieties of interpretation
"De syllogismis" is the fifth treatise of John Buridan's "Summulae dialecticae", a textbook he wrote for his logic course in the Faculty of Arts at the University of Paris. "De syllogismis" contains material related to Aristotle's "Analytica Priora" and Boethius's "De hypotheticis syllogismis". The textbook discusses inferences involving not only propositions de 'inesse', but also propositions featuring oblique, reduplicative and infinite terms. Buridan displays a keen interest in modal inferences and inferences involving propositional attitudes. Buridan's "De syllogismis" continues along the lines of his nominalist conception of the relations between mind, language and reality.
Erasmus : his life, works, and influence
God's willing knowledge : the influence of Scotus' analysis of omniscience
A summary.
Nature as reason : a Thomistic theory of the natural law
Veritas divina : Aquinas on divine truth : some philosophy of religion
Defending common rationality: Roger Roseth on Trinitarian paralogisms
Anselm and Abelard : investigations and juxtapositions
Medieval logic : an outline of its development from 1250 to c. 1400
An introduction to scholastic philosophy : medieval and modern
Hebrew scholasticism in the fifteenth century : a history and source book
Reformation and scholasticism in philosophy. Volume 1, The Greek prelude
Boethius in the Middle Ages : Latin and vernacular traditions of the Consolatio philosophiae
The philosophy of Francisco Suárez
Summa theologica
Politische Reflexion in der Welt des späten Mittelalters = Political thought in the age of scholasticism : essays in honour of Jürgen Miethke
Ockham's theory of propositions : part II of the Summa logicae
De puritate artis logicae Tractatus Longior
Peter of Auvergne : University Master of the 13th century
Philosophy and theology in the studia of the religious orders and at papal and royalcourts : acts of the XVth International Colloquium of the Société internationale pour l'étude de la philosophie mediévale, University of Notre Dame, 8-10October 2008
Descartes on causation
Moral philosophy on the threshold of modernity
