http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28803 radio and television magazines
radio and television magazines
Practicing convergence journalism : an introduction to cross-media storytelling
Mass media statistics
The Nordic media market 2015 : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
Contemporary advertising
Historical journal of film, radio and television
Analysis of the sponsoring impact on the mass media and local spectators: a case study of Caprabo Lleida Basketball
This book is written by media scholars from all over Europe who are members of the Euromedia Research Group. What unites the group is the joint interest of its members in the analysis of media structures and media policy in Europe against the background of contemporary communication theories and concepts. The book has two parts: First, it looks into structural changes in specific media formats such as newspapers, radio, television and online-media. Second, it analyses specific problems and challenges in a comparative way, such as the creation of public sphere(s), the relation between media and
The alternative media handbook
Finnish mass media. 1999.
Russian media challenge
1. Advertising and the marketing function. 2. Types of advertising. 3. The advertising agency. 4. Advertising media: above-the-line. 5. Advertising media: below-the-line. 6. Sales promotion. 7. Sponsorship. 8. Direct mail. 9. Direct response marketing. 10. Exhibitions. 11. Copywriting. 12. Layout and typography. 13. Printing processes. 14. Public relations. 15. Advertising on the Internet. 16. Corporate advertising. 17. Advertising research. 18. Law and ethics of advertising. 19. Planning and executing an advertising campaign.
Joukkoviestimet 2004 = Finnish mass media
The cult of the amateur : how today's internet is killing our culture and assaulting our economy
Essentials of contemporary advertising
Advertising : principles & practice
Politics and the mass media in Britain
Summary: Development of the mass media in Finland.
News culture
The Advertising Kit : a complete guide for small businesses
Advertising creative : strategy, copy, design
Media and meaning : an introduction
New media technologies are growing rapidly with massive investment around the world. Developments over the next few years will take media and telecommunications services to new fields of even greater appeal and diversity. The demand for a wider choice of television programming and advanced services is increasing rapidly along with advances in technology and policy and market changes. The main aspect of these developments is competition. Policy changes are designed to create an open and competitive market in order to significantly increase consumer choice. The evolving construction of national broadcast and telecom systems demonstrates the trajectory of media policies. It leads to the conclusion that all countries are heading in the same direction of adopting the common goal of a free market approach - according to which global policy objectives dominate the development of media systems and markets. Following the United States and the large media countries of Europe, commercialization spread across Europe and in other parts of the world. The result is that, in general, similar solutions to the development of new media have been chosen to address similar problems and opportunities posed by global policy-making and advanced technology - creating the new concept of global media policy. The book provides a comprehensive analysis of the structure that should dominate the 21st century, with a detailed explanation of the evolving nature of global issues. The main goal is to analyze the current and future technological and social trends, and data and statistics on the main forces and trends involved in global media policy support this. Although the book does not attempt to forecast the pace of this revolution, it provides the best possible means to examine media and telecommunications policies in different countries."--BOOK JACKET.
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : evaluation model
Customer relationship marketing
Advertising strategy : creative tactics from the outside/in
Local journalism and local media : making the local news
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
The British press and broadcasting since 1945
A sampler of international media and communication statistics
Finland's culture in figures 2006
Joukkoviestimet 2013 = Finnish mass media
Journalism and school shootings in Finland 2007-2008
English summary.
Mikä osa yleisöllä? : viestintäoikeuden vuosikirja 2007 = Yearbook of communication law 2007 = Jahrbuch für Kommunikationsrecht 2007.
Strategic copywriting : how to create effective advertising
An arm of democracy for promoting human rights or simple rhetoric? : media developments and communication competence in eastern and southern Africa in the 1990s
Electronics world
Baltic media book. 2000.
Media in Europe today
Includes a glossary of advertising terms.
'Careers in Media and Film' has been written to help students graduates and academics from the disciplines of film, media and related subjects (and for those from other disciplines who want to break into the media) with their career choices.
Joukkoviestimet 1998 = Finnish mass media
Writing media histories : Nordic views
Media & culture : an introduction to mass communication
Reporting agriculture through newspapers, magazines, radio, television
Exploring the media : text, industry, audience
Understanding the local media
Press directory Finland. 2006
Careers in media and film : the essential guide
Principles of advertising : a global perspective
The fundamentals of creative advertising
Discrimination and popular culture
Advertising creative : strategy, copy + design
D&AD09 : the best advertising and design in the world
Media policy for the 21st century in the United States and Western Europe
Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications
Kleppner's advertising procedure
Joukkoviestimet 2000 = Finnish mass media
Joukkoviestimet 2013 = Finnish mass media 2013.
Finnish mass media
The cult of the amateur : how blogs, MySpace, YouTube, and the rest of today's user-generated media are destroying our economy, our culture, and our values
The practice of advertising
The dynamics of mass communication : media in the digital age
Finland's culture in figures
Sports journalism : a multimedia primer
The media of mass communication
Joukkoviestimet 2006 = Finnish mass media
Politics and the mass media in britain
Film quarterly
Arab mass media : newspapers, radio, and television in Arab politics
