http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2880 language
language
Oxford French mini dictionary ; French - English, English - French, Francais - Anglain, Anglais - francais
The religio-magical domain as a bilingual mechanism of culture : Ingrian Lutheranism in the (post) Soviet cultural space
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
Essentials of English grammar
Music, text and translation
A frequency dictionary of Portuguese : core vocabulary for learners
Savoir-faire : an advanced French course
"We really had a great week together, didn't we?" : the development of questions in texts written by adult learners of English as a second language
My talking dictionary & interactive cd rom : Albanian & English
Fighters, girls and other identities : sociolinguistics in a  Martial Arts Club
A Mesopotamian Corpus - Between enthusiasm and rebuttal
Effects of musical valence on the cognitive processing of lyrics
Modern Italian grammar : a practical guide
English-Urdu, Urdu-English
Mini Vietnamese dictionary : Vietnamese-English English-Vietnamese
There are tittles in this title : the weird world of words
The Oxford English dictionary
The power of framing : creating the language of leadership
Finnish foreign language learners' use of English collocations
Webster's new world Italian dictionary
"If I were a textbook writer" : views of EFL textbooks held by Finnish comprehensive school pupils
A Frequency Dictionary of Spanish: Core vocabulary for learners : core vocabulary for learners
Hungarians in Finland and Sweden: Comparison of Some Sociocultural and Demographic Factors on Language Choice, Culture and Identity
Reading in the brain : the new science of how we read
Speech recall and word recognition depending on prosodic and musical cues as well as voice pitch
1000 Finnish words : English - Finnish : listen and learn easily and naturally
Oxford Hindi-English dictionary
Chinese language as part of culture and its influence on work environment
Collins English - Malayalam dictionary
Migration and the mobility of citizens around the globe pose important challenges to the linguistic and cultural homogeneity that nation-states rely on for defining their physical boundaries and identity, as well as the rights and obligations of their citizens. A new social order resulting from neoliberal economic practices, globalization and outsourcing also challenges traditional ways the nation-state has organized its control over the people who have typically travelled to a new country looking for work or better life chances. This collection provides an account of the ways language addresses core questions concerning power and the place of migrants in various institutional and workplace settings. It brings together contributions from a range of geographical settings to understand better how linguistic inequality is (re)produced in this new economic order.
A Sanskrit-English dictionary : etymologically and philologically arranged : with special reference to cognate Indo-European languages
Russian vocabulary
The basics of English usage
Problem-solving mechanisms in information exchange dialogues with English as a lingua franca
Polish for dummies
The Dean and his God : John Donne's concept of the Divine
Finnish : an essential grammar
Irish dictionary : English - Irish, Gaeilge - Béarla
Brush up your grammar : a teaching material package for a prepatory course of English
Portuguese for dummies
Language and myth
Airport
Vocabulary learning strategies used by upper secondary school students studying English as a second language
The appropriation of media in everyday life : pragmatics & beyond
Thought and language
Time and sacramentality in Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium
A little book of language
A complex case : a morphosyntactic approach to complexity in early child language
The characteristic lexical features of Standard Sri Lankan English
Pocket Oxford-PWN Polish dictionary : Polish - English, English - Polish
Logic and language. (Second series) / essays by J. L. Austin ... [et al.]
French all-in-one for dummies
A user's guide to thought and meaning
Erasmus exchange students : A behind-the-scenes view into an ELF community of practice
Improve your verbal reasoning
Arabic for dummies
A series of reflections on the author's experiences learning a new language and living abroad, in a dual-language edition.
The stairs. 1, Geneva : the location = Genève : la cadrage
A learner's dictionary of Slovene : with words in their inflected forms
Hippocrene standard dictionary : Dutch-English, English-Dutch
Langenscheidt pocket Japanese dictionary : Japanese-English, English-Japanese
Dutch for dummies
Meaning in language : an introduction to Semantics and Pragmatics
English-Pashto dictionary
"You can't get an A by just being positive" : factors behind English teachers' student assessment practices in Finland
How to support the teaching of multicultural groups in Finland
My talking dictionary & interactive cd rom : Vietnamese & English
Farhang-i hamrāh-i pīshraw-i Āryānpūr (Fārsī - Ingilīsī)  = The Aryanpur progressive Persian-English dictionary : one volume, companion
Collins French visual dictionary
The effect of interrogative function on intonation in spontaneous and read Finnish
Japanese vocabulary
The Latin component in English medical texts and some of the possibilities it offers for interdisciplinary integrated teaching
Aleut dialects of Atka and Attu
Basic Cantonese : a grammar and workbook
Style and readability in football texts
Shady characters : ampersands, interrobangs and other typographical curiosities
Communication apprehension in the EFL classroom : a study of Finnish and Finnish-Swedish upper secondary school students and teachers
An old programmer's tradition - Vanhojen ohjelmoijien perinne : observations on the quality of the Finnish translations of three American computer programming guides
Sorany Kurdish for English speakers
The Oxford colour German dictionary Plus : German-English, English-German = Deutsch-Englisch, Englisch-Deutsch
Concise Maltese English, English Maltese dictionary
When is language considered 'impolite'? Is impolite language only used for anti-social purposes? Can impolite language be creative? What is the difference between 'impoliteness' and 'rudeness'? Grounded in naturally-occurring language data and drawing on findings from linguistic pragmatics and social psychology, Jonathan Culpeper provides a fascinating account of how impolite behaviour works. He examines not only its forms and functions but also people's understandings of it in both public and private contexts. He reveals, for example, the emotional consequences of impoliteness, how it shapes and is shaped by contexts, and how it is sometimes institutionalised. This book offers penetrating insights into a hitherto neglected and poorly understood phenomenon. It will be welcomed by students and researchers in linguistics and social psychology in particular.
Star children's picture dictionary : English-Arabic
Collins first French picture dictionary : age 3+
LingoPro. English
McGraw-Hill's Chinese illustrated dictionary
Language in literature
Language : an introduction to the study of speech
Hindi and English dictionary : Hindi - English, English - Hindi
Variation and change in spoken and written discourse : perspectives from corpus linguistics
Totalitarian speech
Amharic-English, English-Amharic dictionary
Japanese picture dictionary
Quite literally : problem words and how to use them
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
Where is language? : an anthropologist's questions on language, literature and performance
Basic German : a grammar and workbook
Language, migration and social inequalities : a critical sociolinguistic perspective on institutions and work
Finnish comprehensive school pupils' language disposition : language shower as a means of diversifying language choices
The secret language of dogs : how to communicate with your dog
Russian for dummies
Word-play as an agent of linguistic change : a short discussion, with examples from Finnish
The role of English-language music in informal learning of English
This book contextualises case studies across a wide variety of languages and cultures, crystallising key interrelationships between linguistic standardisation and prescriptivism, and between ideas and practices. It focuses on different traditions of standardisation and prescription throughout the world and addresses questions such as how nationalistic idealisations of 'traditional' language persist (or shift) amid language change, linguistic variation and multilingualism. The volume explores issues of standardisation and the sociolinguistic phenomenon of prescription as a formative influence on the notional standard language as well as the interconnections between these in a wide range of geographical contexts. It balances the otherwise strong emphasis on English in English language publications on prescriptivism and breaks new ground with its multilingual approach across languages and nations. The book will appeal to scholars working within different linguistic traditions interested in questions relating to all aspects of standardisation and prescriptivism.
Spanish-English pocket dictionary = Diccionario de bolsillo Español-Inglés
In linguistics, one of the main areas of modern research involves the capabilities and possibilities of there being a "lingua cosmica," a LINCOS, a universal language that could be used to communicate with non-human intelligences. This book, touches on the area of the development and use of a "lingua universalis" for interstellar communication, but it also presents concepts that cover a broad area of linguistics. Chomsky's paradigm on universal properties of natural languages, for a long time a leading general theory of natural languages, includes the strong assumption that humans are born with some kind of universals stored in their brains. Are there universals of this kind of language used by intelligent beings and societies elsewhere in the universe? We do not know whether such languages exist. It seems to be impossible to determine, simply because the universe is too large for an exhaustive search. Even verification will be hard to obtain, without quite a bit of luck. This book uses astrolinguistic principles in message construction and is helpful in clarifying and giving perspective to discussions on existential questions such as these.
Star children's picture dictionary : bilingual : English-Tamil
English-Pashtu dictionary = Qamus-i Engilisi - Pashtu
"In a twenty-first-century global economy, in which multinational companies coordinate and collaborate with partners and clientele around the world, it is usually English that is the parlance of business, research, technology, and finance. Most assume that if parties on both ends of the conference call are fluent English speakers, information will be shared seamlessly and without any misunderstanding. But is that really true? Words Matter examines how communications between transnational partners routinely break down, even when all parties are fluent English speakers. The end result is lost time, lost money, and often discord among those involved. What's going wrong? Contrary to a common assumption, language is never neutral. It is heavily influenced by one's culture and can often result in unintended meanings depending on word choice, a particular phrase, or even one's inflection. A recent study of corporate managers found that one out of five projects fail primarily because of ineffective transnational communication, resulting in the loss of millions of dollars. In Words Matter, you will venture into the halls of multinational tech companies around the world to study language and culture at work; learn practical steps for harnessing research in communication and anthropology to become more skilled in the digital workplace; and learn to use the 'Communication Plus Model,' which can be easily applied in multiple situations, leading to better communication and better business outcomes"--Provided by publisher
Oxford children's French - English visual dictionary
Roma and traveller inclusion in Europe. : green questions and answers
Oxford English-Hindi dictionary  = Angrezi-Hindi sabdakosa
This article provides an overview of some sociocultural and demographic factors of language maintenance and shift among Hungarians in Finland and Sweden, predominately at the group level. Some of the factors described are: the historical background of Hungarian immigration, settlement patterns, demographic development, geographical areas, participation in Hungarian associations along with the attitudes of the majority group towards Hungarians and the Hungarian language. After this some data is presented about language choice, culture and identity of second-generation Hungarians. The article shows that Hungarians are not a single unified group in Sweden or Finland and both groups face factors that can support or hinder the preservation of the Hungarian language and culture. Swedish-Hungarians have a greater ability to preserve their Hungarianism as a group due to population size and concentration in certain areas, while Finnish-Hungarians can maintain their Hungarian identity due to their comparably high status in society and the positive attitudes of the Finnish majority.  .
Secondary Formations from Greek Loanwords in Syriac
No abstract
Logic and language. (First series) / essays by Gilbert Ryle ... [et al.]
Clever dog : the secrets your dog wants to know
Phonetics and diction in Singing : Italian, French, Spanish, German
The complete japanese verb guide
Collins pocket Arabic dictionary
Langenscheidt pocket dictionary Vietnamese ; Vietnamese-English, English-vietnamese
Dari practical dictionary : Dari-English/English-Dari
Yours truly : annual bulletin for the members of  Suomen englanninopettajat ry, Engelsklärarna i Finland rf, The Association of Teachers of English in Finland
Language : the cultural tool
Ambiguity tolerance as an instrument of learner profiling : a Q methodological study of how upper secondary school students' perceptions of EFL reading reconstruct a learner variable
Introducing English semantics
Language in hand : why sign came before speech
The future of English? : a guide to forecasting the popularity of the English language in the 21st century
Colloquial Italian : the complete course for beginners
Somali - English dictionary
Manual to the Corpus of Scottish Correspondence (CSC)
The new Routledge Dutch dictinary : Dutch-English/English-Dutch
The language dance around plastic bags
Korean for dummies
The politics of citizenship tests : time, integration and the contingent polity
The good grammar guide
The Japanese stage-step course : writing practise e-book
Language and identities
Korean-English, English-Korean dictionary
Star picture dictionary
International journal of Language Academy
Collins pocket Chinese dictionary
English and Finnish compared - attitudes held by future experts and teachers of English
The psychology of ageing : an introduction
Listellany : a miscellany of very British top tens, from politics to pop
This updated edition explores the basic components of the framing process including communication goals, mental models, context, priming for spontaneity, language use, and believability frames (for ethical communication). This new edition is organized to emphasize the skills, science, art ethics and the history of research on framing. The author offers a better understanding of the subject, a diagnostic instrument, current research on the unconscious learning process, dramatic examples of framing applications, updated examples throughout. It explores its current popularity of framing in media studies, decision making, and multi-party conflicts.
Homegirls : language and cultural practice among Latina youth gangs
Text
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
AILA Brussels 84 proceedings
My talking dictionary & interactive cd rom : Chinese & English
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
New media language
The limits of realism
Cortical correlates of language perception : neuromagnetic studies in adults and children
Dreaming in Chinese : lessons in life, love and Mandarin
A work in progress : the development of teacher identity with English language student teachers
Chambers French dictionary
Collins compact French dictionary : bestselling bilingual dictionaries
The logical syntax of language
Teaching grammar in grades 7 through 9 : an analysis of English and Swedish L2 textbooks
LingoPix. British English
English immersion in Finland - dreams or reality? : a case study on the Hollihaka early total English immersion programme, its structure, implementation and learning outcomes
Random House Japanese-English English-Japanese dictionary
In other words
Female style vs. male style or something in between? : a case study on gendered communication on the Humans of New York Facebook page
www.r4photobiology.info : R packages for photobiology
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Pocket bilingual dictionary : English-Hebrew : Hebrew-English : completely translitterated
Sold on language : how advertisers talk to you and what this says about you
Wai yan she Kelinsi Ying Han Han Ying ci dian = FLTRP Collins English-Chinese Chinese-English dictionary
Tractatus logico-philosophicus
Spanish grammar for dummies
Astrolinguistics : design of a linguistic system for interstellar communication based on logic
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
Spanish-English dictionary = Diccionario español-inglés
This book examines how young people at a martial arts club in an urban setting participate and interact in a recreational social community. The author relates analyses of their interactions to discussions of relevance to the sociology of sports, anthropology and education, ultimately providing an analytically nuanced contribution to the study of contemporary sociolinguistic processes and identity practices. The author explores how the young participants negotiate their place in the social order, create and maintain friendship groups and relate to different social categories using the ecological descriptions provided by linguistic ethnography. The book will appeal to researchers of discourse analysis, sociolinguistics, sport sociology, extra-curricular education and anthropology.
Oxford elementary learner's dictionary : English/Persian
Friend or foe? : attitudes to and beliefs about English in Finland expressed by Finnish as a second language learners
This volume contributes to the burgeoning field of interactional linguistic media studies. It focuses on how people appropriate media in their daily lives. Thus here it is not the talk in the medium itself, but naturally occurring interactions in different media reception situations that are analyzed. This is the idea that media function like a hypodermic needle injecting messages into the masses has long been questioned. Still, the actual moment when people use media in their daily lives has largely been ignored in media studies. This book analyses the minutiae of the moment when people actively appropriate media for their own purposes in different fashions. The reception communities analyzed include families watching television, girls gossiping about a talent show, teenagers playing video games, a team of fire-men implementing a new medium in their workplace, radio listeners' phone ins and others. The languages studied comprise English, German, French, Swedish and Finnish.
Collins dictionary : English Portuguese, Português-Inglês
Language and thought
Language and globalization
Language practices in primary schools [in Nairobi] : the teachers' perspectives
Maurizio Nannucci : language and horizons
Kenkyusha's new Japanese-English dictionary
Lexical change in pseudo-medical terminology from 1910 to 2000 in San Francisco Chronicle advertisements
Langenscheidt pocket Turkish dictionary : Turkish- English, English - Turkish
The word at war : World War Two in 100 phrases
Subject-verb agreement of finite verbs in the present tense in written productions of Finnish secondary school learners of English as second language
Colloquial English : a complete English language course
Write in style : a guide to good English
Practical tortoise raising : and other philosophical essays
Farhang-i jami-i pishraw-i Aryanpur Farsi - Inglisi = The Aryanpur progressive Persian-English dictionary : one volume, concise
Edouard Glissant, long recognized in the French and francophone world as one of the greatest writers and thinkers of our times, is increasingly attracting attention from English-speaking readers. Born in Martinique in 1928, Glissant earned a doctorate from the Sorbonne. When he returned to his native land in the mid-sixties, his writing began to focus on the idea of a "relational poetics," which laid the groundwork for the "creolite" movement, fueled by the understanding that Caribbean culture and identity are the positive products of a complex and multiple set of local historical circumstances. Some of the metaphors of local identity Glissant favored--the hinterland (or lack of it), the maroon (or runaway slave), the creole language--proved lasting and influential. In Poetics of Relation, Glissant turns the concrete particulars of Caribbean reality into a complex, energetic vision of a world in transformation. He sees the Antilles as enduring suffering imposed by history, yet as a place whose unique interactions will one day produce an emerging global consensus. Arguing that the writer alone can tap the unconscious of a people and apprehend its multiform culture to provide forms of memory capable of transcending "nonhistory," Glissant defines his "poetics of relation"--Both aesthetic and political--as a transformative mode of history, capable of enunciating and making concrete a French-Caribbean reality with a self-defined past and future. Glissant's notions of identity as constructed in relation and not in isolation are germane not only to discussions of Caribbean creolization but also to our understanding of U.S. multiculturalism. In Glissant's view, we come to see that relation in all its senses -- telling, listening, connecting, and the parallel consciousness of self and surroundings -- is the key to transforming mentalities and reshaping societies
Xin hua zi dian : Han ying shuang yu ban = Xinhua dictionary : Chinese-English edition
Multiactivity in social interaction : beyond multitasking
My talking dictionary & interactive cd rom : Turkish & English
Alexander l. Abecinba argues that Gregory of Nyssa's dispute with Eunomius of Cyzicus in Contra Eunomium gave birth to a sacramental view of time. "In Chapter 1, Time and Ontology, I show that Gregory sees temporal extension ... as a fundamental property that distinguishes the creature from the Creator. Further, Nyssen conceives of creaturely temporality in a two-fold manner: temporality that applies to sensible creation and a higher temporality that applies to intelligible creation. For Gregory, time not only acts to veil the Creator from the creature. Through a participatory ascent from sensible to intelligible temporality, time also acts as the very means of creaturely communion with God. The veiling and unveiling function of time gives rise to its sacramental character. Chapter 2, Time, Language and Thought, extends the findings of Chapter 1. I argue that, for Nyssen, words pertain to sensible temporality while thought pertains to intelligible temporality. Words and thought, being temporally diastematic in character, veil the Creator from the creature. Nevertheless, for Gregory, the ascent of sensible to intelligible temporality is mirrored in an ascent from the spoken words to silent thought that also unveils the Creator to the creature. Thus, words and thought possess a sacramental character insofar as they are caught up the ascent of sacramental time into union with God. Chapter 3, Time and Christology, discusses topics such as the divine economy, the divine and human nature of Christ, and the kenosis and deification of Christ. I argue that Nyssen sees the Incarnation as the Sacrament, par excellence, of humanity's salvation. In this event the Son's divine nature is veiled in flesh, yet is visible in that same flesh to those who have "clear vision." This unique event in history, in which the human nature of the Son is properly deified, provides the basis for creaturely temporal ascent into the life of God. Creaturely temporal existence is sacramental, inasmuch as it shares in the unique Christological Sacrament by analogy. In the Epilogue I allow the findings of Chapters 1 to 3 to shed light on Greogory's understanding of the sacraments of baptism and eucharist. I argue that Gregory's defense of pro-Nicene sacramental practices, over against Eunomius of Cyzicus, depends upon his sacramental view of time."
English made easy. Volume 1, A new ESL approach: Learning english through pictures
Collins Welsh dictionary
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
From sign to signing : iconicity in language and literature. 3
Italian-English dictionary  = Dizionario Italiano-Inglese
Rhetorical visions : reading and writing in a visual culture
French For dummies
Collins English-Arabic dictionary
A dictionary of Chinese characters : accessed by phonetics
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
Hill or hell : identification of English vowels by Finnish schoolchildren knowing no English
Words matter : communicating effectively in the new global office
International Education Studies: Increasing Their Linguistic Comparability by Developing Judgmental Reviews
Myšlenie i âzyk : metafizičeskoe soprâženie : sbornik filosofskih èsse = Thinking and language : a metaphysical junction : a collection of philosophical essays
Fluency development in L2 during study abroad: Finnish students of Russian
Oxford children's spanish - english visual dictionary
Fast Greek in a day : "now you're talking!"
Impoliteness : using language to cause offence
Public discourses of gay men
English-Pushtu dictionary
Bahij's English - Pashto dictionary
Autonomous language learning in ELF-classrooms in Finland : a descriptive study
Collins English-Japanese dictionary
Colloquial Thai : the complete course for beginners
Effective business writing
Cat speak : recognising and understanding behaviour
An activity-based introduction to stylistics, this textbook explains some of the topics in literary linguistics and helps students in analysing written texts. How can you tell good writing - the excellent, the brilliant and the ingenious - from bad writing - the weak, the banal and the confusing? By looking at the technique and the craft of writing, Language in Literature examines the ways in which language is organised to create particular meanings or effects. Covering a range of topics - naming patterns, modality and evaluation, the structure of simple narratives, the recording of character speech and thought, the dynamics of dialogue, presuppositions and textual revision - the book presents the structuring principles within the English language. Activities and end-of-chapter commentaries encourage a 'learning by doing' approach and equips the reader with the main linguistic terms necessary for the analysis of literary and non-literary texts.
Populjarnyi anglo-russki i russko-anglijski slovar = Popular English-Russian and Russian-English dictionary : transkriptsija i transliteratsija anglijskih slov russkimi bukvami : 12000 slov i slovosotšetani
Are dolphins really smart? : the mammal behind the myth
Class, codes and control. 1, Theoretical studies towards a sociology of language
Finnish Vocabulary for English Speakers : 3000 Words
Italian for dummies
Language, space and power : urban entanglements
Poetics of relation
The world and how we describe it : rhetorics of reality, representation, simulation
Collins Spanish-English, English-Spanish dictionary : unabridged = Collins diccionario espanol-inglés, inglés-espanol
Science and sanity : an introduction to non-Aristotelian systems and general semantics
Language and the ineffable : a developmental perspective and its applications
New contributions to the history of the Ukrainian language
Finnish upper secondary school students' views of foreign languages : motivation, attitudes and beliefs
Autobiographical reading
The elements of style
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
Farhang Moaser school dictionary English-Persian = [Farhang-i Mu'asir-i  madrasah]
Arabia and the Arabs : from the Bronze Age to the coming of islam
Qualitative research and the study of language use and attitudes
French-English pocket dictionary = Dictionnaire de poche français-anglais
Oxford German mini dictionary : German - English, English - German, Deutsch - Englisch, Englisch - Deutsch
Oxford learner's French dictionary
A Sanskrit-English dictionary
Intralingual internationalism : English in Japan and "English made in Japan"
First 200 words in French : learning is fun with Teddy the Bear!
Pocket Oxford German dictionary : German - English, English - German
My Talking Dictionary & interactive cd rom : Croatian & English
Hindi English bilingual visual dictionary
A comparative analysis on Finnish and Korean high school English textbooks in the perspective of communicative language teaching
Russian : a self-teaching guide
Hippocrene concise dictionary : Armenian-English, English-Armenian
Collins pocket Portuguese dictionary : Português-Inglês, Inglês-Português : bestselling bilingual dictionaries
Football clichés : a speculative effort, from distance, to translate the curious language of football
Polish concise dictionary : Polish - English, English - Polish
First thousand words in French
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
Learning and using English and Swedish beyond the classroom : activity systems of six upper secondary school students
My talking dictionary & interactive cd rom : Urdu & English
Dog speak : recognising and understanding behaviour
Discursive study of attitudes towards English and Finnish
Prescription and tradition in language : establishing standards across time and space
The effects of long-term native language exposure on event-related potential (ERP) components N1 and MMN in typically reading adults
In the name of cultural sensitivity : a view on Sami language teaching
