http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2883 realism (styles)
realism (styles)
Beyond idealism
An American vision : three generations of Wyeth art
Art and architecture of the 20th century
Courbet : the life and work of the artist illustrated with 80 colour plates
Varieties of modernism / edited by Paul Wood
Sculpture (The autonomous grand duchy) / Rolf Nummelin
The world of failing machines : speculative realism and literature
Max Liebermann : from realism to impressionism
Painting from romanticism to realism (The autonomous grand duchy) / Bo Lindberg
Courbet : the studio of the painter
Joyce and reality : the empirical strikes back
Poetic realism in Scandinavia and Central Europe 1820-1895
The realism challenge : drawing and painting secrets from a modern master of hyperrealim
Fictional realities : the uses of literary imagination
From realism to reality in recent American painting
Dimensions of ambiguity
Visual arts at the turn of the century : from Paris to the backwoods of Karelia
Nordic art : the modern breakthrough / David Jackson
Courbet : in perspective
Dreams of a summer night : Scandinavian painting at the turn of the century : Hayward Gallery, London 10 July to 5 October 1986 / organized by Nordic Council of Ministers and the Arts Council of Great Britain ; exhibition committee, Scandinavia: Hanne Westergaard, Salme Sarajas-Korte, Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse, Selma Jónsdóttir, Knut Berg, Tone Skedsmo, Pontus Grate, Carl Thomas Edam,
The meaning of contemporary realism
Literature and reality creatio versus mimesis : problems of realism in modern nordic literature
Representing the real
All is true : the claims and strategies of realist fiction
A "perspective of feeling" : the expressive interior in nineteenth-century realist painting
American realism
Degas : a dialogue of difference
At the time of Warhol
Image of the people : Gustave Courbet and the 1848 revolution
Looking at seventeenth-century Dutch art : realism reconsidered
Jean-François Millet : drawn into the light
Goya's realism : Statens Museum for Kunst, Copenhagen, 11.2. - 7.5.2000 / Vibeke Vibolt Knudsen with contributions by Juliet Wilson-Bareau and Reva Wolf
Only the truth is constant
Realism/anti-realism in 20th-century literature
Courbet's realism
The visual arts from 1960 to the 1990s (Independent Finland)
A brush with the real : figurative painting today
The nineteenth-century novel : realisms
A role for representational styles in secondary art education
The red and the black
Representations of social class and urban poverty in Tom Wolfe's The bonfire of the vanities
The new Chinese painting 1949-1986
Lessons in realistic watercolor : a contemporary approach to painting people and places in the classical tradition
Documents of modern literary realism
The semantic conception of theories and scientific realism
Beginning realism
The existence of the world : an introduction to ontology
Catherine Murphy
Concepts of realism
Modernism, post-modernism, realism : a critical perspective for art
The realist novel
1880-erne i nordisk maleri : Statens Museum for Kunst, København, 22. marts - 19. maj 1986 / [arbejdsgruppe: Knut Berg, Bengt von Bonsdorff, Pontus Grate, Torsten Gunnarsson, Sixten Ringbom, Lars Rostrup Böyesen, Tone Skedsmo, Hanne Westergaard ; katalogredaktion: Pontus Grate, Nils-Göran Hökby]
"This America, man." : character representation and realism in HBO's The Wire
Pavel Tret'iakov (1832-98) : merchant patronage and the Russian realists
The world of Manet 1832-1883
Masterpieces in detail. Vol. 2, From Rembrandt to Rivera
Edna's choice : is The awakening a feminist novel ?
Appreciating the ordinary : reinterpreting new realism painting through contemporary non-emblematic approaches to seventeenth century still life painting
Tapani Raittila - a Renaissance master in the modern world / Ville Lukkarinen
Internationalism and nationalism : Nordic painters on the European stage / Per Hedström
Magical realism : theory, history, community
The correspondences are infinite : a formal and thematic analysis of Paul Auster's Moon palace
Angels' wings : a series of essays on art and its relation to life / by Edward Carpenter
Wild at heart : imaging the finnnish people
Teosluettelo = Exhibition works / kirjoittajat = with contributions from: Heike Biedermann, Ulrich Bischoff, Birgit Dalbajewa ... [et al.]
HISTORY OF ART : A SURVEY OF THE MAJOR VISUAL
Nineteenth-century European art
The age of realism
What is a painting? : realism
Photography and its violations
Practising the real on the contemporary stage
Fictional truth
Midnight
Contemporary American realism since 1960
Realism in literature and art
The pathos of the real : on the aesthetics of violence in the twentieth century
The Scandinavian artists' colony in France / Salme Sarajas-Korte
Modern art : volume 1 : 1870-1944
Rites of realism : essays on corporeal cinema
Realism discourse and deconstruction
In-game animation of realistic human player characters : a survey of design methods, techniques and workflows of 3D game character animation
Two tomatoes one onion & an olive : photography : from attention to intention
Vectors of desire : Terry Rodger's vision of the American millennial moment
Venetsianov and his school
A mirror in the roadway : literature and the real world
The historical novel
Rooms in dramatic realism
Extolled as a contemporary heir of Edward Hopper, Catherine Murphy has evolved a style acutely American that combines obsessive authenticity with Minimalist rigor. From the shaded lawns of the New Jersey suburbs to the Massachusetts woods, from childhood interiors to self-portraits and detailed images of buttons and dust, carpeted stairs, or a stuccoed ceiling, Murphy always paints and draws from life, often the domestic and quotidian. However, Murphy has distinguished her art from that of other realists, particularly in her later work, which often presents her subjects in extreme proximity to the viewer, literally in your face. Murphy uses painting and drawing to slow time down with intense concentration, so much so that it may take her a year to complete one painting. This volume explores Murphy's complete body of work, from the hushed world of her early work to the hyper encounters of the present with more than 100 paintings and drawings accompanied by texts by art critic John Yau.
Realistic painting workshop : creative methods for painting from life
Coherentism as a model for aesthetic evaluation
The Peredvizhniki : pioneers of Russian Painting
A companion to German realism 1848-1900
On realism
Realisti 78 : kansainvälinen realistisen taiteen näyttely : Helsingin Taidehalli =internationell utställning av realistisk konst : Helsingfors Konsthall = international exhibition of realistic art : Art Exhibition Hall of Helsinki, 29.4. - 21.5.1978 / Kulttuurityöntekijäin Liitto
Eero Järnefelt and his Russian contemporaries
Dramatic Realism, since its birth in the hectic late years of the nineteenth century, gave theatrical and thematic energy to the interaction between a play's text and the way that it looked on the stage. Characters began to find themselves in rooms and settings that played an active and changing role in the drama, and their dialogue and reactions evolved in time with these changes. As life itself became more elaborate during the 20th Century, so these rooms were invaded and then defined by the outside world. Fred Miller Robinson's enjoyable and stimulating essays on this enduring genre tackle the dreams and anxieties of the middles classes of the Industrial Revolution – dreams of domestic comfort and refuge, and anxieties about how entrapping that comfort could be. Moving from Ibsen to Chekhov and onwards into later plays in which the reality of 'Realism' comes under scrutiny, this is a book to dip into before a performance or to study during a class.
Literary realism and the ekphrastic tradition
British realist theatre : the new wave in its context 1956-1965
The Victorian novel dreams of the real : conventions and ideology
Why is that art? : aesthetics and criticism of contemporary art
Degas : the invisible eye
The European realist tradition
Masterpieces of western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies
Realism and romanticism in fiction : an approach to the novel
The living image in Renaissance art
Masterpieces of western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies. Volume 2, From the Romantic age to the present day 4d Barbara Eschenburg...[et al.]
How Robert Frost made realism matter
The antinomies of realism
Tapani Raittila : a Renaissance master in the modern world
Hyperrealism
The ordeal of Richard Feverel and the traditions of realism
Alex Colville : Marlborough Fine Art, London, January - February 1970 / [text by Robert Melville]
Courbet reconsidered
The air of reality : new essays on Henry James
Courbet
Realism and "reality" in film and media
In this characteristically concise, witty, and lucid book, Terry Eagleton turns his attention to the questions we should ask about literature, but rarely do. What is literature? Can we even speak of "literature" at all? What do different literary theories tell us about what texts mean and do? In throwing new light on these and other questions he has raised in previous best-sellers, Eagleton offers a new theory of what we mean by literature. He also shows what it is that a great many different literary theories have in common. In a highly unusual combination of critical theory and analytic philosophy, the author sees all literary work, from novels to poems, as a strategy to contain a reality that seeks to thwart that containment, and in doing so throws up new problems that the work tries to resolve. The "event" of literature, Eagleton argues, consists in this continual transformative encounter, unique and endlessly repeatable. Freewheeling through centuries of critical ideas, he sheds light on the place of literature in our culture, and in doing so reaffirms the value and validity of literary thought today.
Experiments in modern realism : world making, politics and the everyday in postwar European and American art
The poetics of appearance in the Attic korai
The young Gallén
Pre-Raphaelite painting and nineteenth-century realism
" Borisav Stanković's classic novel, Bad Blood (Nečista krv, 1910), tells the tragic story of Sofka, a woman of otherworldly beauty, who marries a twelve-year-old boy in order to save her family from financial ruin. Bad Blood is regarded as the first Serbian psychological novel, and it left a profound influence on writers as diverse as Meša Selimovć, Ivo Andrić, Dobrica Ćosić and Vuk Drašković. Sofka, a legendary beauty, enters a society that is going to destroy her. Her apparently civilized parents prove themselves to be the villains of her fate when they arrange, for a price, an incestuous marriage into a primitive country family to protect their own selfish interests. Only love and death manage to hold the world together. Sofka in the end takes her revenge on life by giving birth to three stunted, semi-retarded children, who, she earnestly hopes, will curse her name one day and regret the fact that they were ever born. Borisav Stanković belongs to the tradition of Serbian storytellers who described the regions where they were born and raised, which in his case was Vranje, an obscure south Serbian market town close to Macedonia. Under Turkish rule, a Serbian upper class had formed which upheld the unquestioned tradition of Turkish feudal and caste relations between the estate owners and the serfs. This class dictated a patriarchal way of life to the extended family with coarse mediaeval laws and customs that not only regulated morality, but forged the chains of psychic slavery as well. Stanković was born in 1876. His family was once wealthy, but had long since fallen on hard times. His father died when he was five, and his mother when he was seven. He was raised by his grandmother, Zlata, who enchanted him with stories from Vranje's past; these tales became the source of most of his short stories and novels. " -- (Serbian Classics Press)
Venäläisiä mestareita vuosisadan vaihteesta Gallen-Kallelan museossa 15.5.-29.8.1993 = Russian masters from the turn of the century in Gallen-Kallela Museum 15.5.-29.8.1993
A context for classical realism
The Cambridge companion to American realism and naturalism : Howells to London
Studies in European realism
For an architecture of reality
Masterpieces of western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies from the gothic to the present day
Realism in nineteenth-century music
Courbet : a dream of modern art
The baroque : principles, styles, modes, themes
Lost : an analysis of one of Akseli Gallen-Kallela's early realistic works
Chinese art : modern expressions
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
Gustave Courbet : his life and art
The reality of film : theories of filmic reality
The Wanderers and critical realism in Nineteenth-Century Russian painting
Manet : initial M, hand, and eye
The event of literature
Painting from romanticism to realism (The autonomous grand duchy)
Grounds of representation : an essay on a dilemma in the fiction of Jorge Luis Borges and Samuel Beckett
Northern light : realism and symbolism in Scandinavian painting 1880-1910 : Corcoran Gallery of Art Washington D.C. September 8 - October 17, 1982 : the Brooklyn Museum New York November 10, 1982 - January 6, 1983 : the Minneapolis Institute of Arts Minne / Kirk Varnedoe ; the Brooklyn museum
Mimesis : the representation of reality in western literature
American Realism
Réalismes : Opus international juin 1973 No 44/45 / Comité de direction Gérald Gassiot-Talabot, Alain Jouffroy, Jean-Clarence Lambert, Michel Troche
Critical reconstructions : the relationship of fiction and life
An analysis of reality and 'the real' as presented in contemporary artistic creation, Practising the Real on the Contemporary Stage examines the responses given by performing arts to the importance placed on reality beyond representation. This book proposes four historic itineraries defined by the ways in which the issue of the real is addressed: the representation of the visible reality and its paradoxes, the place of the real on the lived body, the limits placed on representation by experiences of pain and death, and those practices that denounce the real. Practising the Real on the Contemporary Stage will be warmly welcomed by scholars of aesthetics and contemporary artistic practice.
A modern fairy tale? : A study of genres and moral issues in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter novels
