http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28832 performance situation
performance situation
From ritual to theatre : the human seriousness of play
"Oops!" in public space : lapse as tool for social and political organization
Shylock. Trial. Venice : corrupt imaginings in The merchant of Venice
"And other neighborly names" : social process and cultural image in Texas folklore
Homeric soundings : the shaping of the Iliad
"Public Art (Now): Out of Time, Out of Place presents the artists who have been redefining the practice of public art over the past decade. They directly address the most pressing issues of our time, including the encroachment of corporate concerns on public space, the implications of global migration and the isolation of the individual, and the potential of collective action to share the future of our towns and cities. Some forty key works from around the world are organized into five sections - 'Displacement', 'Intervention', 'Disorientation', 'Occupation' and 'Perpetuation' - with detailed descriptions and dozens of installation and process shots. Interviews and quotes from practitioners, commissioners and commentators reveal the impetus and context for the projects, while the editor's introduction sets out the conceptual, practical and ethical issues raised by the works." -- Publisher's website.
Visions and Revisions brings the fields of performance studies and trauma studies together in conversation where they inform crucial themes such as trauma, testimony, witness, and spectatorship. While performance studies is increasingly addressing trauma and how to represent it, attention is still often relegated to high-brow forms of art and political theater. The contributors here fill a critical gap, raising questions about how popular and mediatized performances that memorialize the trauma might also be viewed through performance theory. They also look at how performance studies might shift it's focus from the visual to the sensorial and material-as a method of rethinking the act of witness-and in doing so offer a fresh perspective on performance and trauma studies. -- taken from back cover
Songs beyond the Kalevala : transformations of oral poetry
Imagery & creativity : ethnoaesthetics and art worlds in the Americas
Vital water graphics : an overview of the state of the world's fresh and marine waters
The anthropology of performance
Dramaturgy and Architecture approaches modern and postmodern theatre's contribution to the way we think about the buildings and spaces we inhabit. It discusses in detail ways in which theatre and performance have critiqued and intervened in everyday spaces, modelled our dreams or fears and made proposals for the future.
Performing live with virtual musicians
Rhetorics and politics in Afghan traditional storytelling
Singing of birth and death : texts in performance
The anthropology of performance : a reader
The sketch book
Text and context : folksong in a Bosnian Muslim village
Performance analysis : an introductory coursebook
Performance theory
Performing proximity : curious intimacies
Out of time, out of place : public art (now)
Beginnings in ritual studies
This book examines the use of Internet platforms as theatrical, rehearsal and performance spaces and explores the interactive and political potentials of online theatre, questioning the boundaries of these in-between spaces and the spatial experiences they engender. In particular, this book looks at forms of cyber-adaptation, cyber-ethnotheatre and cyber-collaboration as directing methodologies for producing dialectical forms of political cyberformances (in Brechtian terms), with reference respectively to the productions of Cyberian Chalk Circle (2011), Merry Crisis and a Happy New Fear (2012) and Etheatre Project and Collaborators (2014). Writing from a practice-based perspective, Papagiannouli offers a historical account of online theatre and a detailed analysis of a range of online works, including productions by the National Theatre Wales, NTLive, Dries Verhoeven, Forced Entertainment and Rimini Protokoll.
Two evenings in Saramaka
Storytelling and two generations : performance, social interaction and process of interpretation
Text, context and performance in Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam
Landscape as playground : the environmental experience of landscape as fictional and real in a performance
How does proximity between audiences and performers change the nature of live performance? How does it feel? How long can it last? How close is too close? Exploring the rise of close encounter, immersive productions that shine a light on performer-audience relationships, this book considers the impact of space and proximity in live performance. Drawing on their experience as internationally acclaimed performance artists, Leslie Hill and Helen Paris richly document their creative processes, performances and audience's responses in a series of illuminating case studies. Relating their practice to wider issues in contemporary performance and detailing workshop exercises that aid performance making, this unique fusion of artistic and academic reflection is crucial reading for students, scholars and practitioners alike.
This report provides an accessible resource on the state of the world's fresh, coastal, and marine waters and how water usage and social, economic, and environmental factors are related. The 40 color graphics, together with maps and accompanying texts, illustrate how the quantity, quality, and availability of fresh and marine waters play a major role in determining levels and patterns of poverty, land degradation, pollution, sanitation, health, and rural and urban development worldwide. In addition, they show water trends with examples from the past two decades, revealing present trends and addressing potential future scenarios. Includes a CD-ROM version. Presented in a four-ring binder (10.25x12.5").  Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR.
Folklore on two continents : essays in honor of Linda Dégh
Sijobang : sung narrative poetry of West Sumatra
Gorillatheatre : a practical guide to performing the new outdoor theatre anytime, anywhere
Hidden rituals and public performances : traditions and belonging among the post-Soviet Khanty, Komi and Udmurts
Hikâye : Turkish folk romance as performance art
Political cyberformance : the Etheatre Project
Dramaturgy and architecture : theatre, utopia and the built environment
Chinese storytellers : life and art in the Yangzhou tradition
Multimodal register and performance arena in Ingrian oral poetry
Finnish folkloristics. 1
Joining in : an anthology of audience participation stories & how to tell them
The art of bertsolaritza : improvised Basque verse singing
Body, performance, and agency in Kalevala rune-singing
Everyday culture : popular song and the vernacular milieu
Oops! Sorry, later just Oops! was a group practice of micro-events and animation for 4 persons that took place in 2009 in the public spaces of Helsinki. It was also staged as a performance production and presented at the Theatre Academy in November 2010. The entire process was circling around a situation of lapsus (a lapse, slip, faux pas). We used lapsus to experiment with cooperation, which is not based on sympathy or consensus. I chose lapsus for its sensual-emotional complexity and immediacy, to be an occasion for alternatives in self-organizing and collective co-emergence. I chose to do research, not through affirmation of any exact alternative or potentiality of alternative, but by inhabiting a state of disruption. I asked people who share my affection for moments of lapse or ones to whom those moments happen frequently to join the project. We were working through combining mechanical and organic processes of dialogue, exchange and production. Methods and tools used in this practice were: lapse, parody, mockery, inconsistency, reanimation and personal resistance.  The main reason to initiate this research was to try out a process that would embrace a condition of fuzzy, fractalized and flexible precarious work structure in cognitive production with its possible collapses. As an event producer in an age of commodification of time, experience and event I decided to play with this structure and to invite a lapsus as a moment of disruption; to see how do we get out from there. Does a collapse produce stiffening or a reinvention of the norm? I see in a lapse an everyday practice of letting go of self-control. Letting go of the constant creation of my face, body and personality as something to be looked at. Letting go of one's own desire to look good. The event of a lapse never fails me. It always works. It always disrupts the consistency of emotions, production, play, drama and interpretation. I believe in tools that are not pretty. A lapse is anti-aesthetical. It disrupts aesthetics, any order and any structure of representation and meaning.  In the written part of my thesis I write about the conceptual base for the Oops! project. The concept of Oops! relates mainly to Giorgio Agamben's idea of parody and it's coexistence with fiction, Paolo Virno's concept of joke as a diagram for innovatory action in public, Félix Guattari's minor notions of lapse in Chaosmosis, and Richard's Schechner's idea of dislocation (not-not-me) relating again with Agamben's concept of remnant. Through this theoretical background I try to make sense and formulate my idea of lapse as a fallacy, micro collapse and minor event of the every day, a momentary state of dealing with the possibility of becoming both, a joke or a failure.  After that I depict what we intended to do with Oops! the plan I wrote before we started to work and during the practice. This part contains a description of the background for the work and the research, how did the group come together and how did it sustain itself for the period of the work. I also describe my main method of working, the method of reanimation and how I have created this sort of prosthesis to deal with the documentary results of live action and with the live action producing documentary results.  Following that I talk about what actually happened in the process of Oops! I concentrate on the most interesting points. I describe the end result, the performance, and point out what was interesting in what we did and what I have found out conceptually and practically. I refer to Franco “Bifo” Berardi's writings on automatism, virtual time and the social consequences of increasingly immaterial labor, and describe surprises, reflections, touching moments and some tools or techniques developed and ready to be carried on.  At the end I draw some conclusions and present a short plan for my next attempt to work with lapse; as an appendix I am attaching the script for Oops!, a collection of concepts, scores and structures we followed on the way.  Throughout the entire text I relate to other artistic projects beside our Oops! project. In the case of the question of parody I refer to the piece by Jeremy Deller, Battle of Orgreave and the documentary of this work by Mike Figgis, both from 2001, also to a work by Yael Bartana from 2011, And Europe will be Stunned and to the film Attenberg from 2010, by Athina Rachel Tsangari. When talking about the method of reanimation and lapse I refer to Martin Arnold's Passage à l'acte from 1993, Jeremy Deller's piece again, my own previous works and Joan Jonas' pieces, Vertical Roll, 1972 and Reanimation, 2012.
Storytellers, saints, and scoundrels : folk narrative in Hindu religious teaching
Visions and revisions : performance, memory, trauma
Narrative and narrating : variation in Juho Oksanen's storytelling
Storytelling in northern Zambia : theory, method, practice and other necessary fictions
The two traditions : the art of storytelling amongst French Newfoundlanders
Discussions on the past and potential
The contexts of narrating
"In vain I tried to tell you" : essays in native American ethnopoetics
A vulgar art : a new approach to stand-up comedy
The narrator as reporter or performer
Narrative style : how to dramatize a story
Orature and Yorùbá riddles
Scenario of the performance of traditional narratives in everyday communication
Factors influencing the formulation of narration
