http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2896 Gothic style
Gothic style
Decadent daughters and monstrous mothers : Angela Carter and European Gothic
Gothic subjects : the transformation of individualism in American fiction, 1790-1861
Masterpieces of western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies. Volume 1, From the Gothic to Neoclassicism
The Gothic world : 1100-1600 : a survey of architecture and art
Architecture, liturgy and identity : liber amicorum Paul Crossley
Guide to the Gothic III : an annotated bibliography of criticism, 1994-2003
Paintings on glass : studies in Romanesque and Gothic monumental art
Art and architecture in Italy 1250 to 1400
Panorama of world art : Art of the early middle ..
The dawn of italian painting, 1250-1400
THE GOTHIC CATHEDRAL
Gothic patterns
Gothic architecture
The string of pearls : a romance
Painting of the Gothic and Renaissance periods 1450-1550
The first three sections of this collection of essays refer to popular as well as marginalized Gothic texts to portray the three prototypes of sexual deviance. The fourth section covers literary works that celebrate sexual difference and question the idea that the sexually deviant is socially Other.
The light of early Italian painting
Finnish summary.
Chartres : the masons who built a legend
Art, politics, and civic religion in Central Italy, 1261-1352 : essays by postgraduate students at the Courtauld Institute of Art
Dracula and the Gothic in literature, pop culture and the arts
"This book offers a novel perspective on one of the most important monuments of French Gothic architecture, the Sainte-Chapelle, constructed in Paris by King Louis IX of France between 1239 and 1248 especially to hold and to celebrate Christ's Crown of Thorns. Meredith Cohen argues that the chapel's architecture, decoration, and use conveyed the notion of sacral kingship to its audience in Paris and in greater Europe, thereby implicitly elevating the French king to the level of suzerain, and establishing an early visual precedent for the political theories of royal sovereignty and French absolutism. By setting the chapel within its broader urban and royal contexts, this book offers new insight into royal representation and the rise of Paris as a political and cultural capital in the thirteenth century"--
Transnational gothic : literary and social exchanges in the long nineteenth century
Gothic conventions and Gothicised male-female relationships in Emily Brontë's Wuthering heights
Essential architecture : the history of western architecture
Late Gothic and Renaissance sculpture in The Netherlands : = Beelden in de late middeleeuwen en renaissance
"A discussion of the murals by Giotto in the Arena Chapel of Padua, Italy. The artist's work is considered in terms of its relationship to the structure of the poetry of Dante, biblical exegesis, geometry, and symmetry"--Provided by publisher.
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. Vol 1, Origins of western art
The Year 1300 and the Creation of a New European Architecture
The flowering of Gothic architecture depended to a striking extent on the use of drawing as a tool of design. By drawing precise 'blueprints' with simple tools such as the compass and straightedge, Gothic draftsmen were able to develop a linearized architecture of unprecedented complexity and sophistication. Examination of their surviving drawings can provide valuable and remarkably intimate information about the Gothic design process. Gothic drawings include compass pricks, uninked construction lines, and other telltale traces of the draftsman's geometrically-based working method. This book offers a new perspective on Gothic architectural creativity. It shows, in a series of rigorous geometrical case studies, how Gothic design evolved over time, in two senses: in the hours of the draftsman's labor, and across the centuries of the late Middle Ages.
The Gothic visionary perspective
Horror
Gothic illuminated manuscripts
Gothic
French Gothic Architecture of the 12th and 13th Centuries
Ages of evolution in art & music: The medieval era
The sculptors of the early gothic west portals of Chartres cathedral
The art of Gothic : architecture, sculpture, painting
Women's Gothic : from Clara Reeve to Mary Shelley
Variously described as a 'canon', 'tradition', 'genre', 'form', 'mode', and 'register', Irish gothic literature suffers from a fundamental terminological confusion, and the debate over exactly which term best applies has been both heated and, ultimately, inconclusive in the past thirty years. The dominant theorization of Irish gothic literature to emerge in late-twentieth and early-twenty-first century scholarship has been driven by psychoanalytic readings of the literary gothic in Ireland as the fictional representation of the repressed fears and anxieties of the minority Anglo-Irish population. Such definitions of Irish gothic literature, however, both overlook the gothic literary output of authors who were not members of the Anglo-Irish Ascendancy and suggest that gothic writing in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries was confined solely to fiction. This collection of essays challenges these assumptions, exploring the rich and varied gothic literary production of a large, multicultural selection of authors working across the genres in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century Ireland.
The art of the West : in the Middle Ages. 2, Gothic art
The Fantastic and European Gothic : history, literature and the French Revolution
The Pictorial history of Westminster Abbey
Gothic rock
Ripon Minster : the beginning of the Gothic style in northern England
"This book examines the connections between the growth of'terror fiction' - the genre now known as 'Gothic' - in the late eighteenth century, and the simultaneous appearance of the conceptual origins of'terrorism' as a category of political action. In the 1790s, Crawford argues, four inter-connected bodies of writing arose in Britain: the historical mythology of the French Revolution, the political rhetoric of 'terrorism', the genre ofpolitical conspiracy theory, and the literary genre of Gothic fiction, known atthe time as 'terrorist novel writing'. All four bodies of writing drew heavily upon one another, in order to articulate their shared sense of the radical and monstrous otherness of the extremes of human evil, a sense which was quite newto the eighteenth century, but has remained central to the ways in which wehave thought and written about evil and violence ever since"--
The stones of Naples : church building in the Angevin Kingdom, 1266-1343
The Cambridge companion to the modern gothic
Early gothic illuminated manuscripts in England
New directions in 21st century gothic : the gothic compass
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing, and sculpture. 1, Origins of western art
Early gothic Saint-Denis : restoration and survivals
Architektur der Gotik : Bestandskatalog der weltgrössten Sammlung an gotischen Baurissen (Legat Franz Jäger) im Kupferstichkabinett der Akademie der bildenden Künste Wien : mit einem Anhang über die mittelalterlichen Bauzeichnungen im Wien Museum Karlsplatz = Gothic architecture : catalogue of the world-largest collection of Gothic architectural drawings (bequest Franz Jäger) in the collection of prints and drawings of the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna : with an appendix of the medieval construction drawings in the Wien Museum Karlsplatz
George Frederick Bodley and the Later Gothic Revival in Britain and America
Reading Gothic architecture
A Gothic sermon : making a contract with the Mother of God, Saint Mary of Amiens
The Routledge companion to Gothic
Renaissance Gothic : architecture and the arts in Northern Europe, 1470-1540
British architect George Frederick Bodley (1827-1907) fundamentally shaped the architecture, art, and design of the Anglican Church throughout England and the world; his work survives in the United States, Australia, India, and Italy, as well as the United Kingdom. This important book is the first to explore the life and work of this major Gothic Revival architect, a man with an evolving outlook on style and aesthetics who believed that every element of a building must be part of an integrated design strategy. A close colleague of William Morris and Edward Burne-Jones, Bodley was the first major patron of Morris's stained glass and, like Morris, was an accomplished textile and wallpaper designer. In 1874 Bodley founded Watts and Company-now celebrating its 140th anniversary-to manufacture ecclesiastical vestments, textiles, and wallpapers. In a seamless blend of architectural, art, and church history, this lavish volume features over 200 illustrations and offers impeccable scholarship on the work of an influential visionary of Victorian design.
Dracula and the Eastern question : British and French vampire narratives of the nineteenth-century Near East
Gothic Painting
History of art : from the middle ages to the renaissance, impressionism and modern art
The Queen of Sicily and Gothic stained glass in Mussy and Tonnerre
Gothic art for England 1400-1547
The Gothic cathedral : origins of Gothic architecture and the Medieval concept of order
Architecture, gothic and renaissance
Gothic Europe 1200-1450
Fashioning Gothic Bodies
The gothic style is now one of the supreme products of medieval and renaissance visual culture. Subject to multiple readings and (re)interpretations from c. 1500 to the present, gothic stands as one of two dominant languages of European historical architecture. This volume explores methods of reading and interpreting the gothic from the twelfth through the sixteenth century. Following the editor's introduction, it contains ten essays written by leading scholars from Canada, the United States, and Great Britain. In challenging the traditional parameters of gothic, the papers explore 'medieval' and 'renaissance' manifestations of the gothic, and they consider material ranging geographically from Ireland to Poland, and from Paris to Sicily. Each paper explores ways in which gothic was or could be read by the contemporary viewers for which it was designed, and by post-modern commentators. In placing the act of reading at the centre of their investigations, the papers offer significant new insights into the forms and meanings of the gothic.
Holy terrors : gargoyles on medieval buildings
The heroic age of Gothic invention : art, artifice and the decorated style 1290-1350
Gothic cathedrals : a guide to the history, places, art, and symbolism
"Introduced by Joanna Cannon, this volume of essays by postgraduate students at the Courtauld Institute, University of London, explores some of the ways in which art was used to express, to celebrate, and to promote the political and religious aims and aspirations of those in power in the city-states of central Italy in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries. By concentrating on individual cases such as these, the essays provide sustained consideration, at the same time raising crucial issues concerning the role of art in the public life of the period. These illustrated studies introduce new material and advance new arguments, and are all based on original research. Clear presentation ensures that they are also accessible to students and scholars from other disciplines."--BOOK JACKET.
Gothic art : visions and revelations of the medieval world
Gothic : art for England 1400-1547
"This book offers an analysis of Giotto's painted architecture, focusing on issues of structural logic, clarity of composition, and its role within the narrative of the painting. Giotto was the first artist since antiquity to feature highly detailed architecture in a primary role in his paintings. Francesco Benelli demonstrates how architecture was used to create pictorial space, one of Giotto's key inventions. He argues that Giotto's innovation was driven by a new attention to classical sources, including low reliefs, mosaics, mural paintings, coins and Roman ruins. The book shows how Giotto's images of fictive buildings, as well as portraits of well-known monuments, both ancient and contemporary, play an important role in the overall narrative, iconography and meaning of his works. The conventions established by Giotto remained at the heart of early modern Italian painting until the sixteenth century"--
Perdido Street station
The gothic screen : space, sculpture, and community in the cathedrals of France and Germany, ca. 1200-1400
The Gothic enterprise : a guide to understanding the Medieval cathedral
Gothic art in Belgium : architecture, monumental art
Early French painting
The church of Santa Maria Donna Regina : art, iconography, and patronage in fourteenth century Naples
Gothic : Art for England 1400-1547
Chartres
HISTORY OF ART : A SURVEY OF THE MAJOR VISUAL
Gothic art now
Gothic riffs : secularizing the uncanny in the European imaginary, 1780-1820
The architecture of Europe : the Middle Ages 650-1550 : vol. 2
The dawn of italian painting , 1250-1400
Burgundian Gothic architecture
The construction of Gothic cathedrals : a study of medieval vault erection
The Gothic cathedral : the architecture of the great church 1130-1530
Under the glass moon. Vol.1
Universe of stone  : Chartres cathedral and the invention of the gothic
Italian gothic sculpture
Agency, visuality and society at the Chartreuse de Champmol
Giotto's O : narrative, figuration, and pictorial ingenuity in the Arena Chapel
Where angels fear to hover : between the gothic disease and the meataphysics of horror
Gothic art
Irish Gothics : genres, forms, modes, and traditions, 1760-1890
Gothic painting
Sculpture at Chartres
The architecture in Giotto's paintings
Gothic fiction and the invention of terrorism : the politics and aesthetics of fear in the age of the reign of terror
Carter's Gothic : the Gothic Tradition and Representations of Gender in Angela Carter's Short Stories
Artistic integration in Gothic buildings
Popular revenants : the German gothic and its international reception, 1800-2000
Gothic art and thought in the Later Medieval period : essays in honor of Willibald Sauerländer
Gothic romanced : consumption, gender and technology in contemporary fictions
Image, memory and devotion : liber amicorum Paul Crossley
The modern Gothic and literary doubles : Stevenson, Wilde and Wells
History of world architecture. Gothic architecture
The Cloisters : medieval art and architecture
Rheims cathedral
Joseph Conrad : the gothic imagination
Italian gothic sculpture c. 1250 - c. 1400
Italian Gothic sculpture
Gothic : 400 years of excess, horror, evil and ruin
Gothic : architecture, sculpture, painting
The cathedral church of Wells : a description of its fabric and a brief history of the episcopal see
War, atrocities and doubles in Philip Caputo's fiction
Tomaso da Modena : painting in Emilia and the march of Treviso, 1340-80
Phantom and the abyss : the Gothic fiction in America and aesthetics of the sublime 1798-1856
Studying the concept of afterlife and the fear of death in Stephen King's novel Pet sematary with references to the history and nature of horror
Women and the Gothic : An Edinburgh Companion
Horrifying sex : essays on sexual difference in Gothic literature
Gothic images of race in nineteenth-century Britain
Architecture of the Gothic
The Gothic in contemporary interactive fictions
The encyclopedia of the gothic
Britain, France and the Gothic, 1764-1820 : the import of terror
This collection of newly commissioned essays brings together major scholars in the field of Gothic studies in order to re-think the topic of 'Women and the Gothic'. The 14 chapters in this volume engage with debates about 'Female Gothic' from the 1970s and '80s, through second wave feminism, theorisations of gender and a long interrogation of the 'women' category as well as with the problematics of post-feminism, now itself being interrogated by a younger generation of women. The contributors explore Gothic works - from established classics to recent films and novels - from feminist and post-feminist perspectives. The result is a lively book that combines rigorous close readings with elegant use of theory in order to question some ingrained assumptions about women, the Gothic and identity.
Gothic architecture and scholasticism
The Europe of the cathedrals 1140-1280
The contested castle : Gothic novels and the subversion of domestic ideology
Gothic art / Andrew Martindale
Sculpting simulacra in medieval Germany, 1250-1380
Plotting Gothic
The Gothic cathedral : origins of Gothic architecture and the medieval concept of order
Songs for a rainy day
Live gothic
The gothic world
Gothic architecture in Venice
The Sainte-Chapelle and the construction of sacral monarchy : royal architecture in thirteenth-century Paris
"This Companion explores the many ways in which the Gothic has dispersed in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, and in particular how it has come to offer a focus for the tensions inherent in modernity. Fourteen essays by world-class experts show how the Gothic in numerous forms - including literature, film, television, and cyberspace - helps audiences both to distance themselves from and to deal with some of the key underlying problems of modern life. Topics discussed include the norms and shifting boundaries of sex and gender, the explosion of different forms of media and technology, the mixture of cultures across the western world, the problem of identity for the modern individual, what people continue to see as evil, and the very nature of modernity. Also including a chronology and guide to further reading, this volume offers a comprehensive account of the importance of Gothic to modern life and thought"--
This volume brings together fourteen articles that reappraise the productivity of Stoker's Dracula and the strong influence it still exerts on today's generations. The volume explores various multimodal and multimedia adaptations of the book, by critically examining its literary, cinematic, theatrical, televised and artistic versions. In so doing, it reassesses the origins, evolution, imagery, mythology, theory and criticism of Gothic fiction and of the Gothic (sub)culture. The volume is innovative in that it congregates various angles to the Gothic phenomenon, providing an overview of the interdisciplinary relationships between different cultural, artistic and creative reworkings of the Gothic in general and of Stoker's legacy in particular.
The Gothic revival : an essay in the history of taste
Gothic literature
The colonial Conan Doyle : British imperialism, Irish nationalism, and the Gothic
Medieval architecture
Castles of the western world
STUDIES IN MEDIEVAL & RENAISSANCE MUSIC
Ghostly apparitions : German idealism, the gothic novel, and optical media
Female gothic histories : gender, history and the gothic
A collection of essays by leading scholars on a broad range of issues concerning Gothic art across Europe, including reception, methodology, nationalism, scholasticism, historiography, and iconography. Covers a variety of media, from glass to manuscripts to ivories. Celebrates the career of Willibald Sauerländer.
Gothic Europe
The old masters : Byzantine - Gothic - Renaissance - Baroque
The geometry of creation : architectural drawing and the dynamics of gothic design
St Louis and the court style in gothic architecture
English Gothic literature
Conrad von Soest : painter among merchant princes
The gothic in contemporary literature and popular culture : pop goth
In the Catharijneconvent Museum in Utrecht there hangs a panel painting whose diminutive size belies the magnificence of its contents (Plate I). Supporting a soaring canopy of rib vaults, two rows of polished marble columns mark the outer boundaries of the picture; their lower halves are concealed, however, by luminous winged altarpieces - most opened to display their gilt interiors, one decorated with paintings, and one still closed. But the sumptuousness of these material accoutrements carries little weight to the twenty-two tonsured men who fill the central space. With hands tucked into their gleaming white robes and mouths gently open as if in song, they gaze in quiet admiration at the Virgin Mary, dazzling with her loose golden locks and glittering crown, her gown of brocaded gold and purple velvet mantle, and the luminous infant she proffers to St. Dominic, the foremost friar. Whereas the phalanx of men forms a symmetrical buffer around the maiden and baby on the church's central axis, the scene is not wholly static. Following the steep orthogonals created jointly by architecture and figures, we discover the beginnings of movement as the two men farthest from our standpoint, thus deepest in the pictorial space, prepare to enter the choir.
