http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2893 selfishness
selfishness
Self-interest : an anthology of philosophical perspectives
Miracle at Augusta
The beloved self : morality and the challenge from egoism
The invention of altruism : making moral meanings in Victorian Britain
Girl in the moonlight
Last man in tower
"Emotional amoral egoism" : a neurophilosophical theory of human nature and its universal security implications
Rational egoism : a selective and critical history
The possibility of altruism
The first slodge
The ethics of altruism
Unto others : the evolution and psychology of unselfish behavior
Primates and philosophers : how morality evolved
What Maisie knew
Selfish Sophie
Greed : why we can't help ourselves
The author relates how a chance encounter in a magic shop with a woman who taught him exercises to ease his sufferings and manifest his greatest desires gave him a glimpse of the relationship between the brain and the heart, and drove him to explore the neuroscience of compassion and altruism.
Tissue economies : blood, organs, and cell lines in late capitalism
Altruism and health : perspectives from empirical research
Oystercatchers
The selfish society : how we all forgot to love one another and made money instead
The Gift : the form and reason for exchange in archaic societies
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue"--
The Bling ring
Sticking together or falling apart? : solidarity in an era of individualization and globalization
Ego is the enemy
The impulse society : what's wrong with getting what we want
Culture of peace : the social dimension of love  in dialogue with Luc Boltanski, Michael Burawoy, Anna Maria Campanini, Axel Honneth, Paulo Henrique Martins
It's all mine!, or, Little Raven's mischief
We need to talk about Kevin
Altruistically inclined? : the behavioral sciences, evolutionary theory, and the origins of reciprocity
The bone garden
The nature of adolescence
Jasper's bath
Kierkegaard and the problem of self-love
Into the magic shop : a neurosurgeon's true story of the life-changing magic of compassion and mindfulness
Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back. Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his­tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con­quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well. In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.
Genes in conflict : the biology of selfish genetic elements
THE SELFISH GIANT
Transcending self-interest : psychological explorations of the quiet ego
Atlas shrugged
Motivation, altruism, personality and social psychology : the coming age of altruism
Help : imagining welfare
A short history of tractors in Ukrainian
The selfish giant
Doing good better : effective altruism and how you can make a difference
Rousseau's theodicy of self-love : evil, rationality, and the drive for recognition
According to conventional morality, either a business manager maximizes profits and compromises on morality, or sacrifices profits in order to remain moral. Woiceshyn explains why this is a false dichotomy and offers rational egoism as an alternative moral code to managers who want to be both profitable and moral.
Beyond selflessness : reading Nietzsche's genealogy
The invisible hand in economics : how economists explain unintended social consequences
Elmer and the rainbow
Kinship and conflicts over male production in Formica ants
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
The Bone garden
A short history of tractors in Ukrainian : [a novel]
Self-love and self-liking : in the moral and political philosophy of Bernard Mandeville and David Hume
"In The Invention of Altruism, Thomas Dixon traces this new language of 'altruism' as it spread through British culture between the 1850s and the 1900s, and in doing so provides a new portrait of Victorian moral thought." "Drawing attention to the importance of Comtean positivism in setting the agenda for debates about science and religion, this volume challenges received ideas about both Charles Darwin and Herbert Spencer as moral philosophers. This wide-ranging study in the history of ideas is highly relevant to contemporary debates about altruism, evolution, religion, and ethics."--BOOK JACKET.
The curse of the self : self-awareness, egotism, and the quality of human life
Ethical studies
The cherry tree eggs
The book of Aron
The selfish crocodile
The selfish gene philosophy : narcissistic giving
We need to talk about Kevin : a novel
Foundations of human sociality : economic experiments and ethnographic evidence from fifteen small-scale societies
Social exchange : advances in theory and research
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue   Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back.  Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his&shy;tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con&shy;quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well.  In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.""--
The age of selfishness : Ayn Rand, morality and the financial crisis
A new earth : create a better life
Love and justice as competences : three essays on the sociology of action
Juren he chuntian = The giant and the spring
The world as a playground of self-builders
How to be profitable and moral : a rational egoist approach to business
No room for Napoleon
How the child's mind develops
Morality and self-interest
