http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28980 land race breeds
land race breeds local breeds
Social inequality and social injustice : a human rights perspective
The making of totalitarian thought
The myth of nations : the medieval origins of Europe
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 9, Kalash Kafirs - Koryak
The grass is singing
The effects of racism and racial discrimination on the social and economic relations between indigenous peoples and states : report of a seminar, Geneva (Switzerland), 16-20 January 1989
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 18, The life cycle : Social organisation : Law : Conflict
The destruction of aboriginal society
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 3, Brazilians - Chokwe
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 2, Asmat - Bororo
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 1, Abelam - Ashanti
Swine science
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 6, Gadabas - Harari
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 12, Netsilik - Pondo
Mabo and Australia : on recognising native title after two hundred years
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 4, Cholos - Drukpa
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 10, Krahó - Mauritians
Racism against indigenous peoples
Study of the problem of discrimination against indigenous populations. 5, Conclusions, proposals and recommendation
The difference place makes : gender, sexuality, and diaspora identity
Facing west : the metaphysics of Indian-hating and empire-building
In May 1853, Charles Dickens paid a visit to the 'savages at Hyde Park Corner,' an exhibition of thirteen imported Zulus performing cultural rites ranging from songs and dances to a 'witch-hunt' and marriage ceremony. This title provides the overview of these human exhibitions in nineteenth-century Britain.
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 11, Maya - Nepalese
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 14, Tajik - Woodland Indians
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 15, Xhosa - Zulus : Urban life : Index
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 8, Indians - Kaiadilt
Racism and racial discrimination against the indigenous people in Scandinavia and Russia : the Saami people
Aboriginal Australians : a history since 1788
Race, origin and the reformation of art / Markku Valkonen
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 17, Man the craftsman : Architecture : Costume : Art of the body : Music, dance and communication
Race, resistance and the Ainu of Japan
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 20, Art and man : Culture contact : Index
Indigenous peoples and human rights
Tropical cattle : origins, breeds, and breeding policies
The broken shore
Constructions of race, place and nation
Heroines of sport : the politics of difference and identity
Finns in the shadow of the "Aryans" : race theories and racism
Postcolonial whiteness : a critical reader on race and empire
The ethnic question : conflicts, development, and human rights
The Ancient history of the Korea-Dong-I race : The Korea-Dong-I race: creator of East Asian culture
Racism, ethnicity and the media
Looking at other cultures : works of art as icons of memory
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 5, Druze - Fur
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 16, How man survives : Trade and technology : Wealth and society
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 13, Portuguese - Taiwanese
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 19, The beliefs of man
The Indian on Capitol Hill : Indian legislation and the United States Congress, 1862-1907
The UN draft declaration on indigenous peoples : assessment of the draft prepared by the working group on indigenous populations
The dynamics of culture change : an inquiry into race relations in Africa
Gender, race and religion in the colonization of the Americas
Turning the tide : a personal history of the Federal Council for the advancement of aborigines and Torres Strait islanders
The illustrated encyclopedia of mankind. 7, Hare - Imraguen
Peoples on parade : exhibitions, empire, and anthropology in nineteenth century Britain
