http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2894 egoism
egoism
Ayn Rand, Objectivists, and the history of philosophy
Psychological perspectives on self and identity
According to conventional morality, either a business manager maximizes profits and compromises on morality, or sacrifices profits in order to remain moral. Woiceshyn explains why this is a false dichotomy and offers rational egoism as an alternative moral code to managers who want to be both profitable and moral.
The Fort
Ego : the game of life
Japanese egoism : individual, societal, and international implications
East of nowhere
Metaethics, egoism, and virtue : studies in Ayn Rand's normative theory
"In The Invention of Altruism, Thomas Dixon traces this new language of 'altruism' as it spread through British culture between the 1850s and the 1900s, and in doing so provides a new portrait of Victorian moral thought." "Drawing attention to the importance of Comtean positivism in setting the agenda for debates about science and religion, this volume challenges received ideas about both Charles Darwin and Herbert Spencer as moral philosophers. This wide-ranging study in the history of ideas is highly relevant to contemporary debates about altruism, evolution, religion, and ethics."--BOOK JACKET.
How to be profitable and moral : a rational egoist approach to business
This book examines the central questions of ethics through a study of theories of right and wrong that are found in the great ethical works of Western philosophy. It focuses on theories that continue to have a significant presence in the field. It covers egoism, the eudaimonism of Plato and Aristotle, act and rule utilitarianism, modern natural law theory, Kant's moral theory, and existentialist ethics. It also takes up topics in meta-ethics and moral psychology.
The nature of morality : an introduction to ethics
Past, space, and self
The ego and his own : the case of the individual against authority
Ego is the enemy
The selfish crocodile
Unto others : the evolution and psychology of unselfish behavior
The narcissist test : how to spot outsized egos... and the surprising things we can learn from them
The ego and its own
Ego trouble : authors and their identities in the early Middle Ages
Objective economics : how Ayn Rand's philosophy changes everything about economics
Self-love in the major poems of John Milton
Nietzsche, naturalism, and normativity
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue"--
Understanding ethics
Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back. Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his­tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con­quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well. In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue   Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back.  Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his&shy;tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con&shy;quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well.  In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.""--
The contested legacy of Ayn Rand : truth and toleration in objectivism
Moral agoraphobia : the challenge of egoism
Filth
An introduction to ethics
The invention of altruism : making moral meanings in Victorian Britain
The reconstruction of humanity
The Bling ring
Self-interest : an anthology of philosophical perspectives
James Joyce and the politics of egoism
Mad, bad and dangerous to know : romantic intertexts in J. M. Coetzee's Disgrace
Loving life : the morality of self-interest and the facts that support it
Impartial reason
The virtue of selfishness : a new concept of egoism
The beloved self : morality and the challenge from egoism
To have or to be
The bling ring
Rational egoism : a selective and critical history
