http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2891 occupational health
occupational health
Health-Promoting Leadership : a study of the concept and critical conditions for  implementation and evaluation / Andrea Eriksson
Preventing absenteeism at the workplace : research summary
Teamwork in primary health care
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
Recent interpersonal conflict at work and psychiatric morbidity : a prospective study of 15,530 employees aged 24-64
International Conference on Occupational Health Services 2005 : selected presentations from the International Coference on Occupational Health Services 2005, 25-27 January 2005, Helsinki, Finland
Priorities and strategies in occupational safety and health policy in the member states of the European Union
Children at work : health and safety risks
New directions in organizational psychology and behavioural medicine
Management of alcohol- and drug-related issues in the workplace
Activities of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health. Volume 1, 1990-94
Research on work-related stress
Using health and safety committees at work
53rd Nordic Work Environment Meeting 2008 : Oslo, Norway; 24-27 August 2008
International Congress on Occupational Health = Congrès international de médecine du travail = Internationaler Kongress für Arbeitsmedizin = Congresso internazionale di medicina del lavoro = Congresso internacional da medicina do trabalho = Congreso internacional de medicina del trabajo : Helsinki 1.-6. 7. 1957. Vol. 3, Proceedings of the XII International Congress on Occupational Health : travaux du XIIe congrès international de médecine du travail = Berichte des XII internationalen Kongresses für Arbeitsmedizin
Sound Mind in Sound Hands : Efsli 2009 conference proceedings, Tallinn, Estonia, September 19th - 20th 2009
Social services in the workplace : repositioning occupational social work in the new millennium
A handbook of human resource management practice
Activities of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health. Volume 2, Departments and regional institutes 1990-94
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
The workplace. Vol. 2, Major industries and occupations
Work exposure and complaints in a sample of French and Norwegian forest machine operators : a comparative field study within the ErgoWood programme
Handbook of occupational safety and health
Programme and abstracts : OH&S Forum : International Forum on Occupational Health and Safety : Policies, Profiles and Services, 20-22 June 2011, Hanasaari Cultural Centre, Espoo, Finland
Effect of selective turnover on occupational mortality and morbidity
Abstract.
Economic incentives to improve health and safety at work : proceedings of an international colloquium between Eastern and Western Europe held in Warsaw from 12 to 14 October 1994.
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
Stakeholder interaction - the key to product safety = Sécurité des produits - le rôle clé des interactions entre parties prenantes = Zusammenspiel aller Akteure - der Schlüssel zur Produktsicherheit : 26-28 June 2012, Helsinki (Espoo), Finland : abstracts
Health and safety at work in the European Community
Advancing occupational therapy in mental health practice
Alcohol use among elderly at home care
Work in the global village : proceedings of the International Conference on Work in the 21st Century, 15-17 October 2001 Helsinki, Finland
Forestry and environment : engineering solutions : the proceedings of the June 5-6, 1991 Conference
"Who is nursing them? It is us." : neoliberalism, HIV/AIDS, and the occupational health and safety of South African public sector nurses
Simply putting wellness programs in place does not guarantee employee participation. Putnam shows how to design wellness programs that are effective and stimulate voluntary compliance. She provides examples, resources, and action items for a variety of programs, and helps you identify what will work in your situation.
Woodworking industrial safety : proceedings of the workshop on woodworking industrial safety 24 August-11 September 1987, Kotka, Finland. Part 2, Group works and country reports
Office environment, health and job satisfaction : an explorative study of office design's influence
Finland drug situation 2009 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2009 national report to the EMCDDA
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Evidence-based healthcare
Relational work in therapeutic interaction : a comparative conversation analytic study on psychoanalysis, cognitive psychotherapy and resource-centred counselling
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
Burnout and self-reported health among finnish physicians
East African newsletter on occupational health and safety
Biological monitoring, carcinogenicity and risk assessment of trace elements
Research policy 1988-1995
Mobile applications to support physical exercise : motivational factors and design strategies
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
Introduction to international health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH international general certificate
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
To support the employment of a rehabilitee
Alcohol use is one of the problems within elderly that had not been studied enough. The purpose of this thesis was to describe how widespread alcohol problem is among elderly who are under the home care services. The idea of this research arose from the experience I had when I was doing my elderly nursing care practice and I observed how alcohol affected their health. This research was quantitative. The data was gathered by interviewing the clients with the pre-made questionnaire forms. Most of the clients were excited about the interviews and some were even happy to be visited. The result of the data gathered was analyzed in the end, by using the descriptive method. Results were displayed through frequencies, averages and percentages. One aim of this thesis was to also collect and present this information to the home care unit, in order for them to do some proper actions through the nursing care plan. There were 20 interviewees who participated in the research. Only few among the elderly interviewed had visible alcohol problem. As outcome it was pleasing to find out that the alcohol problem among elderly is not that common than what I had expected. Based on this research there are clear conclusion to be made. The alcohol problem among elderlies in the home care is not a common problem, but the healthcare workers should still consider these clients more so that they could get necessary help and information regarding the dangers of alcohol.
Restructuring the employment relationship
Human resources management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
There is a lack of studies on the association between labour force participation and abortion. This study examined how the likelihood of having an abortion depends on being employed, unemployed, student or outside the workforce using Finnish register data from three birth cohorts (born in 1955-59, 1965-69 and 1975-79) of nearly 260,000 women. The results differed depending on whether all women or only pregnant women were studied and on the cohort analysed. Unemployed women had a high likelihood of abortion when all women were studied, but among pregnant women students had the highest likelihood. The direction and strength of the association varied by relationship status, age, and parity. The results show that the likelihood of abortion depends on women's economic position. More studies on contraceptive use and pregnancy intentions in Finland are needed to identify the mechanisms behind these findings.
Hygiene for the worker
RECO - regions in collaboration to improve health and quality of life for elderly
Health and safety campaigning : experiences from across the European Union and tips on organising your own campaign : getting the message across
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Occupational health and safety management : a practical approach
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Older people and mental health nursing : a handbook of care
Occupational well-being of school staff : experiences and results from an action research project realised in Finland and Estonia in 2009-2014
Contemporary occupational health psychology : global perspectives on research and practice. Volume 2
NAM-NIVA Summer School 2007 : 27-31 August 2007, Elsinore, Denmark
Campaign guide : management leadership and worker participation in occupational safety and health
First things first in child labour : eliminating work detrimental to children
Promotion of child growth in Vietnam : case study: an application of the PRECEDE-PROCEED-model to assess needs for an intervention
Code of safety for fishermen and fishing vessels 2005.. Part A, Safety and health practice
Building therapeutic relationships with mental health clients in primary care settings : a literature review
Encyclopaedia of occupational health and safety : Volume II
Occupational health in the European Union
Burnout, bipolar or borreliosis? : a diagnostic dilemma behind prolonged disability
Principles and concepts in Nordic occupational safety and health policies : dimensions of strategic thinking and approaches
Työterveyslaitos - investment in health : the scientific and functional evaluation of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
Information notices on diagnosis of occupational diseases
Psychological resources, their social antecedents, and association with well-being and health behaviour in early adulthood
A beginner's guide to evidence based practice in health and social care professions
Social factors at work and the health of employees
Labour law in the Netherlands
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
Health and safety at work : key terms
Work among the elderly
Resource-oriented assessment of work ability in psychiatry
Digital storytelling for HIV and AIDS education in Africa
Labour Force Participation and the Likelihood of Abortion in Finland over Three Birth Cohorts
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA
Occupational health : a practical guide for managers
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Regulating America, regulating Sweden : a comparative study of occupational safety and health policy
Prediction of sick leave, early retirement, unemployment, labour turnover and mortality in a Swedish male working population : a prospective study
Occupational health and safety in construction project management
Essential air monitoring methods : from the MAK-collection for occupational health and safety
WHO workers' health programme and collaborating centres in occupational health
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
Health & work productivity : making the business case for quality health care
The International Symposium on Maritime Health : Turku, Finland 5-9 June 1991 : [proceedings]
Mortality, morbidity and health selection among metal workers
Environment, life-style & fertility
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Police officer stress awareness and management : a handbook for practitioners
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Inequity in access to health care services according to labor market status
Exposure to chromium and its long-term health effects in stainless steel production
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
Occupational health : risk assessment and management
Using health and safety committees at work. Appendices
International Symposium on New Epidemics in Occupational Health, 16-19 May, Marina Congress Center, Helsinki, Finland
Encyclopaedia of occupational health and safety : volume IV
Activities of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health. Volume 3, 1995-2000
Health in all policies : seizing opportunities, implementing policies
Textbook of occupational medicine practice / edited by David Koh, Ken Takahashi
The Ship captain's medical guide
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Management of cumulative trauma disorders
Foot health in older people : development of a preventive, evaluative instrument for nurses
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Introduction to occupational health and safety
Job control and worker health
Code of safety for fishermen and fishing vessels 2005.. Part B, Safety and health requirements for the construction and equipment of fishing vessels
Compendium of safety education and training products
International Seminar on Ergonomics Applied to Forestry : proceedings 17-22 October 1983, Vienna and Ossiach/Austria = Internationales Seminar über die Anwendung der Ergonomie auf die Forstarbeit : Verhandlungsbericht 17.-22. Oktober 1983, Wien und Ossiach/Österreich
Health of the dentist : with reference to work-related and individual factors
Encyclopaedia of occupational health and safety : Volume I
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Journal of psychiatric and mental health nursing
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Occupational Health Practices : Kibo Hotel, Marangu, Moshi, Tanzania, 3-6 March 1992
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Occupational toxicology
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Country reports of the preparatory consultation for the international symposium on Occupational health for Europeans, 28-29 September 1998, Espoo, Finland
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
Latest developments in livestock housing : seminar of the 2nd technical section of the C.I.G.R. : University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, Illinois USA June 22-26, 1987.
Workplace health, employee fitness and exercise
Wellbeing and innovations through ergonomics : NES2011 conference papers
Introduction to health and safety in construction
Effects of stress and visual display unit work on tension-type headache and tension neck syndrome
Office ergonomics : ease and efficiency at work
Occupational health nursing
Voluntary guidelines for the design, construction and equipment of small fishing vessels 2005
The impact of workplace social support, job demands and work control upon cardiovascular disease in Sweden
Comparisons between occupational health and safety cultures in Kenya and Finland
WHO collaborating centres in occupational health : directory, networking, priorities and future perspectives
Doing things differently : report of the director of public health 2003
National occupational safety and health profile of Finland
Health hazards in the working environment : trade union programmes of action
Personality, health and mortality of workers in a PVC production plant in Sweden : a longitudinal study
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Encyclopaedia of occupational health and safety : Volume IV
Handbook of mental health nursing
A user's manual for Work environment impact scale (WEIS) : version 2.0
Protection from exposure to second-hand tobacco smoke : policy recommendations
Workplace wellness that works : 10 steps to infuse well-being and vitality into any organization
Long-term follow-up study focusing on MDD patients' maintenance treatment, adherence, disability and smoking
The social significance of health promotion
Health promotion for nurses : theory and practice
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Worker participation in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
Supervision : managing for results
The METOR 200 metal detector and cardiac pacemakers
Harmonization and hazard : regulating health and safety in the european workplace
Law of health and safety at work
Wellbeing and innovations through ergonomics : proceedings of NES2011 September 18—21, 2011 Oulu, Finland
Settings for health promotion : linking theory and practice
Evidence-based healthcare & public health : a journal for health policy & management
After 30 years with the demand-control-support model : how is it used today?
Enhancing occupational safety and health
A review on occupational health of the construction branch
Occupational therapy in mental health
Employer's liability at common law
Summary (s. 3).
Proceedings of the National Symposium on Future Prospects and Developments of Occupational Health and Safety in Tanzania for the Next Five years : Kibo Hotel, Marangu, Tanzania 19-22 Febuary 1991
Swedish work environment policy : an economic analysis
Work and health country profiles of twenty-two European countries
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
The costs and benefits of occupational safety and health
Summary.
Information dissemination strategy on occupational health and safety in Estonia
Occupational cancer in Europe
Occupational health : a journal for occupational health nurses
From protection to promotion : occupational health and safety in small-scale enterprises : international symposium, 4-6 May 1998, Helsinki, Finland
Working in Finland : information for immigrants
Health and safety at work in Europe - where next? : mid-term report on the Community programme concerning safety, hygiene and health at work (1996-2000)
Quality of work life survey
Good occupational health practice : a guide for planning and follow-up of occupational health services
Noise in the military environment
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
Sleep, work and mental health
Contemporary occupational health psychology : global perspectives on research and practice. Vol. 1
Health and safety in animal facilities
Occupational health and safety management system : OHSAS 18001 : Self-assessment work book : 37 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Local occupational health and safety profiles and indicators : proceedings of an International Follow-up Workshop : 22-23 November 2002, Helsinki, Finland
Can economic incentives improve safety and health at work? : summary of main findings of Foundation Project
Family doctors' journey to quality
Social dumping or innovative regulation? : processes and outcomes of European decision-making in the sector of health and safety at work harmonization
Government resolution : Occupational Health 2015 : development strategy for occupational health care
Proceedings of the international symposium on good occupational health practice and evaluation of occupational health services : 8-10 June 1998 Espoo, Finland
Interaction of workers and machinery : physical and psychological stress
Nordic conference on the work environment 2005 : Erikslund, Sweden, 28-31 August 2005
"All together now: exploring the many faces and facets of integrated care" : recent developments in integrated care in Europe and North America, programme and abstracts
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
Small-scale logging operations and machines : the proceedins of the Seminar on Small-Scale Logging Operations and Machines held at Garpenberg (Sweden), 15-18 June 1987.
Organizational risk factors for job stress
The healthy workplace initiative : a new deal for a better workplace
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
Handbook on standards and guidelines in ergonomics and human factors
Occupational health care
Economic impact of occupational safety and health in the member states of the European Union
Principles of health and safety at work
Longer careers? : the Veto Programme indicators
Human resources jumpstart
Agricultural medicine : occupational and environmental health for the health professions
The europ[e]anisation of occupational health services : a study of the impact of EU policies
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
1,3-butadiene : human health aspects
Safety manager's guide to office ergonomics
"Health in All Policies (HiAP) is an approach to policies that systematically takes into account the health and health-system implications of decisions, seeks synergies, and avoids harmful health impacts to improve population health and health equity. It is founded on health-related rights and obligations and has great potential to improve population health and equity. However, incorporating health into policies across sectors is often challenging and even when decisions are made, implementation may only be partial or unsustainable. This volume aims to improve our understanding of the dynamics of HiAP policy-making and implementation processes. Drawing on experience from all regions, and from countries at various levels of economic development, it demonstrates that HiAP is feasible in different contexts, and provides fresh insight into how to seize opportunities to promote HiAP and how to implement policies for health across sectors. Part I sets the scene with five chapters on the concept and history of HiAP, links between socioeconomic development and health, the social determinants of health, and the importance of preserving national policy space for health in a globalizing world. Part II assesses progress in eight policy areas including early childhood development, work and health, mental health promotion, agriculture, food and nutrition, tobacco, alcohol, environment and development assistance. Part III draws together lessons for the health sector, as well as for politicians, policy-makers, researchers and civil society advocates."
Mortality, morbidity and health selection among mental workers
Disability management and workplace integration : international research findings
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
Published in association with the European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology (EAOHP) and the Society for Occupational Health Psychology (SOHP), "Contemporary Issues in Occupational Health Psychology" is a definitive new series presenting state-of-the-art work by leading academics and practitioners in the field. The topics include workplace health intervention evaluation, economic stress and employee well-being, work-family positive spillover, psychological flexibility, and health at work. Contributors to this first volume include Arnold Bakker, Frank Bond, Maureen Dollard, Leslie Hammer, Robert Karasek, Michiel Kompier, Tahira Probst, Wilmar Schaufeli, Arie Shirom, Robert Sinclair, Toon Taris, and, Tores Theorell.
Executive summary (s. 9-20).
Introduction to health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH national general certificate
Past, present and future of work ability : proceedings of the 1st International symposium on work ability, 5-6 September 2001 Tampere, Finland : organizers Finnish Institute of Occupationa Health ... [et al.]
Country reports of the preparatory consultation for the International Symposium on Occupational Health for Europeans : 28-29 September 1998, Espoo, Finland
THL international news
Trust and free will as the keys to success for the Low Threshold Health Service Centers (LTHSC) : an interdisciplinary evaluation study of the effectiveness of health promotion services for infectious disease prevention and control among injecting drug users
Asian-Pacific newsletter on occupational health and safety
The First Finnish-Soviet Symposium on Occupational Health and Safety in Agriculture, 21-25 August 1989, Research Centre Neulanen, Kuopio, Finland
The fire and EMS department safety officer
Proceedings of the East African Regional Symposium on National Strategies for Preventing Occupational Health and Safety Hazards : Harare, Zimbabwe 3-6 december 1990
Health and safety in youth and community work : a pocket guide
Psychosocial factors at work : recognition and control
Organizational position and its change as a predictor of job strain : a prospective cohort study of 24 775 public sector employees
Health and safety : the new legal framework
4th International Conference on Nanotechnology - Occupational and Environmental Health : programme and abstracts : 26-29 August 2009, Helsinki Congress Paasitorni, Helsinki, Finland
Introduction to ergonomics in forestry in developing countries
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Cultural competence in health education and health promotion
Predictors of early retirement : a population-based study in men from Eastern Finland
The second edition of this bestseller continues to provide the basic tenants needed to initiate a comprehensive occupational safety and health initiative. Updated with more than 30 percent new and revised material, this volume encompasses a total management approach that deals with the development of written programs, the identification of hazards, the mitigation of hazards by the use of common safety and health tools, the development of a safe workforce through communications, and motivational techniques including behavior-based safety, worker involvement, and stepped up training. More than just a source of information, this book provides practical applications for real world situations.
Work, worklessness, and the political economy of health
Health and safety in laboratory animal facilities
Knowledge for health and welfare : news from THL International Affairs Unit
Occupational health
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
