http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28971 Marathi language literature
Marathi language literature
Ekadash : a selection of contemporary writing
The conservative Vaiṣṇava : anonymous songs of the Jñāndev Gāthā
Living texts from India
Bārahmāsā in Indian literatures : songs of the twelve months in Indo-Arayan literatures
Truth tales : contemporary writing by Indian women
Sociolinguistical attitudes in India : an historical reconstruction
Cocoon : (Kosla)
Arun Kolatkar (1931-2004) was one of India's greatest modern poets. He wrote prolifically, in both Marathi and English, publishing in magazines and anthologies from 1955, but did not bring out a book of poems until he was 44. "Jejuri" (1976) won him the Commonwealth Poetry Prize. His third Marathi publication, Bhijki Vahi, won a Sahitya Akademi Award in 2004. Always hesitant about publishing his work, Kolatkar waited until 2004, when he knew he was dying from cancer, before bringing out two further books, "Kala Ghoda Poems" and "Sarpa Satra". A posthumous selection, "The Boatride and Other Poems" (2008), edited by Arvind Krishna Mehrotra, contained his previous uncollected English poems as well as translations of his Marathi poems; among the book's surprises were his translations of bhakti poetry, song lyrics, and a long love poem, the only one he wrote, cleverly disguised as light verse. This first Collected Poems in English brings together work from all those volumes. "Jejuri" offers a rich description of India while at the same time performing a complex act of devotion, discovering the divine trace in a degenerate world. Salman Rushdie called it 'sprightly, clear-sighted, deeply felt - a modern classic'. For Arvind Krishna Mehrotra, it was 'among the finest single poems written in India in the last forty years - it surprises by revealing the familiar, the hidden that is always before us'. Jeet Thayil attributed its popularity in India to 'the Kolatkarean voice: unhurried, lit with whimsy, unpretentious even when making learned literary or mythological allusions. And whatever the poet's eye alights on - particularly the odd, the misshapen, and the famished - receives the gift of close attention.
Songs on yoga : texts and teachings of the Mahārāstrian Nāths
Bhikshugita : the mendicant's song (the story of a converted miser) : a translation of the 23rd chapter of the Eknathi Bhagavata
A Marathi sampler : varied voices in contemporary Marathi short stories and poetry
Collected poems in English
Classical Marāthī literature : from the beginning to A.D. 1818
