http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28993 knowledge producers
knowledge producers
Marketing plan for a financial data vendor: case: FIDA Finanza Dati Analisi
Clinical governance in mental health and learning disability services : a practical guide
Internet marketing and big data exploration
Implementation of safety management in outsourced services in the manufacturing industry
The aim of this bachelor thesis is to build up a marketing plan for an Italian financial data vendor in Finnish market. The company can benefit or find ideas for its future operations from this marketing plan. In fact, the focus of this marketing plan is to figure out the target customers and a marketing strategy to promote the company’s core data feed service to Finnish market. In this thesis, literature of service marketing and marketing strategy were provided as theoretical framework for the marketing plan. Besides, both quantitative and qualitative research methods are used to analyze service, competition, customers and market-entry strategy for the company. However, the limitation of published information and funding for thesis research restricted the result in some aspects. The marketing plan is written based on the current situation of the case company so it is subject to change due to varying marketing environment. The company will decide marketing activities to improve its operations in the future.
Talk is cheap : switching to internet telephones
"The advent of cloud computing and big data has radically altered the important role of innovation as a strategy for responding to the rapidly changing nature of an increasingly interconnected online world. This situation has necessitated revisions in the strategic concepts associated with sustaining long term performance by exploiting new technologies. Understanding of these new strategic approaches is provided by examining how the online world is being exploited by organisations in sectors of a modern economy such retailing, service firms, healthcare and the public sector in terms of creating new forms of competitive advantage within both pure play and terrestrial environments as a consequence of the advent of mobile technology and online social networks"--
