http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28953 personal narrative
personal narrative
'I was worse or somehow different?' : ethnographic explorations of the taboo and stigma of cancer in Poland
The search for a narrative : Investigating acute psychosis and the need-adapted treatment model from the narrative viewpoint
War as a turning point in life
English summary: Inner narrative, life, and change.
Literary folkloristics and the personal narrative
The instant of my death
This research aims to provide additional knowledge and understanding to augment existing ideas and theories of responsible leadership, and to bring forward the voices and practical experiences of business leaders. It approaches responsible leadership from a constructionist perspective and highlights the importance of leadership processes. This approach considers responsible leadership in today’s fragmented business environment as increasingly formed through interaction between people. Thus, the practice of good responsible leadership is conceptualized foremost as the ability to work within and through relationships in which language plays a central role.This research is based on ten narrative interviews with senior leaders of different business backgrounds. The narrative approach is used because individuals interpret and make sense of their experiences using narratives, and narratives structure our ethical positions in the world. The focus is partly on the content of individual accounts but more on how the stories reflect the social world from which the stories arise. This information, in turn, allows us to interpret interaction in certain social leadership contexts based on leaders’ individual accounts.The results of this research suggest a fluid definition of responsibility. It is a continuously changing construction in which many participants in addition to the leaders themselves are involved. Therefore, the discussion on responsibility is polyphonic. Every leader negotiates the meaning of responsibility within the limits and possibilities of local settings. The results of this research highlight the importance of relationships among participants in responsible leadership instead of seeing responsibility as part of an individual leader’s personality or character.
Language and self-transformation : a study of the Christian conversion narrative
Business leaders' narratives about responsibility in leadership work
Written cancer narratives : an ethnomedical study of cancer patients  thoughts, emotions and experiences
Maps of experience : the anchoring of land to story in Secwepemc discourse
Turns in the road : narrative studies of lives in transition
Hell before their very eyes : American soldiers liberate concentration camps in Germany, April 1945
This introduction to studying comics and graphic novels is a structured guide to a popular topic. It deploys new cognitive methods of textual analysis and features activities and exercises throughout. Deploys novel cognitive approaches to analyze the importance of psychological and physical aspects of reader experience. Carefully structured to build a sequenced, rounded introduction to the subject. Includes study activities, writing exercises, and essay topics throughout. Chapters cover popular sub-genres such as autobiography and literary adaptation.
Summary: The personal and retold past in the experience of a traumatic brain-injured person.
The power of grief : a family has lost a member
The politics of storytelling : variations on a theme by Hannah Arendt
Fear in border narratives : perspectives of the Finnish-Russian border
Empathy and healing : essays in medical and narrative anthropology
Folk stories and personal narratives in Palestinian spoken Arabic : a cultural and linguistic study
Written cancer narratives : an ethnomedical study of cancer patients' thoughts, emotions and experiences
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
The sketchnote workbook : advanced techniques for taking visual notes you can use anywhere
Dreams of the Second World War
Narrative and the self
From individual grief to a shared history of the Bosnian war : voice, audience, and the political in psychotherapeutic practices with refugees
Introduction : telling, doing, experiencing : folkoristic perspectives on narrative analysis
The search for a narrative : investigating acute psychosis and the need-adapted treatment model from the narrative viewpoint
"In The Pain Chronicles, Melanie Thernstrom traces conceptions of pain throughout the ages—from ancient Babylonian pain-banishing spells to modern brain imaging—to reveal the elusive, mysterious nature of pain itself. Interweaving first-person reflections on her own battle with chronic pain, incisive reportage and medical research, and insights from a wide range of disciplines, Thernstrom shows that when dealing with pain we are neither as advanced as we imagine nor as helpless as we may fear." -- (Back Cover)
Heavy sacks, cold stores, and black marketing : reminicences of female retail store workers during World War II in Finland
"In Stories of Our Lives Frank de Caro demonstrates the value of personal narratives in enlightening our lives and our world. We all live with legends, family sagas, and anecdotes that shape our selves and give meaning to our recollections. Featuring an array of colorful stories from de Caro's personal life and years of field research as a folklorist, the book is part memoir and part exploration of how the stories we tell, listen to, and learn play an integral role in shaping our sense of self. De Caro's narrative includes stories within the story: among them a near-mythic capture of his golden-haired grandmother by Plains Indians, a quintessential Italian rags-to-riches grandfather, and his own experiences growing up in culturally rich 1950s New York City, living in India amid the fading glories of a former princely state, conducting field research on Day of the Dead altars in Mexico, and coming home to a battered New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina. Stories of Our Lives shows that our lives are interesting, and that the stories we tell--however particular to our own circumstances or trivial they may seem to others--reveal something about ourselves, our societies, our cultures, and our larger human existence"--
Oral history off the record : toward an ethnography of practice
Most discussions of oral history method are rooted in abstract ideas about what interviewing should be and should achieve. However, interviews are ultimately personal interactions between human beings, and as such they rarely conform to a methodological ideal. Nonetheless, oral history's complex, capricious nature is rarely addressed by its practitioners when they share their work with the world. The struggles and negotiations interviewers face while conducting interviews - ethical, political, personal - either go unacknowledged or are discussed only with trusted colleagues in informal settings. This groundbreaking collection shows that a full account of oral history methodology must include honest and rigorous analyses of actual practice, allowing us to embrace the uncertainties and remarkable opportunities that define a human-centered methodology. Here, fourteen practitioners draw connections between vastly different areas of study, including Holocaust memories, work with Aboriginal communities, Islamic studies, immigration, and conflict studies. All are united by the shared experience of encountering complex individuals with messy, difficult, and ultimately illuminating stories to tell.
Virgin and veteran readings of Ulysses
Expectations of childbirth : the narration of a first-time birth-giver
Varieties of narrative analysis
Embodied experience and metaphoric space in the life story of a female factory worker
The spontaneous sermon as a personal narrative
Studying comics and graphic novels
"Our Lord's miracle" : talking about working wonders
"Keeping the flame alive" : commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community in South Africa
Interviewing for education and social science research : the gateway approach
The pain chronicles : cures, remedies, spells, prayers, myths, misconceptions, brain scans, and the science of suffering
"I'll make a story of my life"
Entangled subjects : indigenous/Australian cross-cultures of talk, text, and modernity
Interpretive master planning. Volume 2, Selected essays : philosophy, theory and practice
English summaries.
Stories of our lives : memory, history, narrative
Presenting the past : the politics of memory in a rural Chinese village
Health, illness and culture : broken narratives
Remembering Karelia : a family's story of displacement during and after the Finnish wars
Tourist attractions constitute the metaphorical 'heart' of tourism. This book aims to both deconstruct and construct what tourism attractions are, how we perceive them and how we can enhance our understanding of what attracts us as tourists.
Narrating for or against dominant discourses : sketching narrative patterns of written descriptions of ageing experience
The narrative study of lives
Narrative construction of supernatural experience
Repatriates or refugees? : Narrating the loss of transnational community
Narrative - state of the art
The anthropology of experience
The social life of dreams : a thousand years of negotiated meanings in Iceland
Performatives of faith : a narrative approach to religious experience
"It's just a story I'm telling you, I haven't experienced it myself : a grandmother's narrative and experiences
Places lost, memories regained : narrating the 1918 Finnish Civil War in Sammatti
'The novel: a survival skill' offers a completely new account of the relationship between writer, text, and reader. Drawing on ideas from systemic psychology and positioning theory, Parks suggests that both the content and style of a novelist's work, the kind of stories told, and the way in which they are told, form part of a more general strategy of suvival that the novelist has developed in reaponse to tensions within his or her family of origin. Radically undermining traditional lit-crit criteria, and deconstructing the pieties with which the novel is usually defended, Parks gives a novelist's own insider account of what may be best understood as the biography of the act of writing itself and its relation to the lives with which it is entwined.
Cancer and emotions : the moment of diagnosis and metaphoric transformation
Life is a narrative : studying refugee experiences as personal narratives
Power of the grave : sacralizing place in ex-Rhodesian social memory
Humanitarianism and suffering : the mobilization of empathy
Narratives of learning and teaching EFL
Making sense of motherhood : a narrative approach
History bursts into story : women's tales of war
Wonders never cease : the purpose of narrating miracle stories in the New Testament and its religious environment
Still, the small voice : narrative, personal revelation, and the Mormon folk tradition
Human rights and narrated lives : the ethics of recognition
Places of pain : forced displacement, popular memory, and trans-local identities in Bosnian war-torn communities
Reframing post-election violence in Kenya : women's narratives of displacement
Narrative and the cultural construction of illness and healing
Duoethnography : dialogic methods for social, health, and educational research
Encounters with the unknown : Finnish supernatural narratives in the early twenty-first century
Through the eyes of a local : stories from today's Piper's park
The beauty and the sorrow : an intimate history of the First World War
Narrating, doing, experiencing : Nordic folkloristic perspectives
Constructing personal historical agency, making sense of the past?
The dark shadow of the un-mentioned event : collapsing taleworlds and narrative reparation
The grand voyage : the experience, the narrated experience and the experience economy : an analysis of ocean cruisers' travel blogs
Narrated life experience and collected items : field study of popular beliefs
Interpretive master planning. Volume 1, Strategies for the new millennium
Young people making a life
After-effects of war and the narrative : depictions of war in Estonian and Finnish life histories in the twenty-first century
How do readers experience literary narrative? Drawing on narrative theory, cognitive science, and the philosophy of mind, this book offers a principled account of the dynamics underlying readers' responses to narrative. Through its interdisciplinary approach, this study combines close readings of literary texts and theoretical discussion in ways that shed light on the deep connection between narrative, literary fiction, and human experience.
Interpreting women's lives : feminist theory and personal narratives
Tourist attractions : from object to narrative
"The hospital is a uterus" : western discourses of childbirth in late modernity : a case study from northern Italy
Traumatized borders : reviving subversive narratives of b/order, and other : projektiesittely
Experience design : exploring the value of creating experiences
Life writing and politics of memory in Eastern Europe
So sad today : personal essays
Abstract: Domestic violence in children's narratives : how do children talk about domestic violence in therapy groups, and what do they say?.
African voices, African lives : personal narratives from a Swahili village
Learning through storytelling in higher education : using reflection and experience to improve learning
The aim of this thesis is to create stories to Suomenlinna. This was done as an project-based assignment for the Governing Body of Suomenlinna. The project was started at the end of May 2012 and planned to be finished on December 2012. Soon it was noticed that the project requires more time and the schedule was expanded until May 2013.     Suomenlinna is one of the main attractions in the capital area of Finland and it has been facing issues with the visitors and their habits. The objective is to plan and create stories which would enhance the visitor's experience in the attraction and bring awareness of the life at Suomenlinna. The story will clarify the unclear fact, that Suomenlinna is a popular attraction and at the same time home for hundreds of people. To bring out this fact effectively it is told from the present time instead of having a historic perspective in it. The story is targeted for leisure tourists and will be told in a fun and easy but educating way.    The story which is the final outcome from the thesis will take place on Piper's park. The plan is to have the story on an information board to the park. Parts of it will be spread to internet to Suomenlinnas web page and to social network sites to motivate visitors.     The story was specified to Piper's park and it was done with the help of three different theories; interpretation, experience pyramid and storytelling. A semi-structured interview done with a local was used as a research method to gather data for story making. One of the main purposes of the interview was to get activity hints what locals do at the park and what same activities visitors could do as well. The activity hints told in the story are respective towards nature and the residential areas.    A meeting of usability of the stories was held as, due to time related reasons, the project will not follow the implementation phase. After the constructive feedback from the Governing Body of Suomenlinna it was proven that stories would be needed as an efficient tool to use along the different parts of the fortress. Storytelling could replace some of the visitor management tools used at the moment such as signs.     The story will help educate the visitors in an amusing, educating and memorable way.
Gender and story in South India
HIV/AIDS, narrativity, and embodiment
Perspectives on the narrative construction of emotions
The experientiality of narrative : an enactivist approach
The novel : a survival skill
Afterword : concluding thoughts on the politics of memory in Asia
Walking stories : an oddnography of mad people's work with culture
“Don't give me away, Mummy” : message and emotion in a Jewish woman's Holocaust narrative
On longing : narratives of the miniature, the gigantic, the souvenier, the collection
Constructing collective identities by narratives : women's memories of work during the Second World War in Finland
Storytelling personal experiences
Making ordinary people actors in national history : 'Hanoi life under the subsidy economy' in the Vietnam Museum of Ethnology
Beautiful Mozambique : haptics of belonging in the life narratives of female war veterans
Being human, being migrant : senses of self and well-being
Learning the hard way : how a narrative structure can bring out the positive power of failure
