http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p28942 Cubans
Cubans
Mastering the art of afro-cuban drumming
Playboy Latin jazz Christmas : a not so silent night
Sweet low, sweet Cadillac
Unbecoming Blackness : the diaspora cultures of Afro-Cuban America
Ultimate play-along : Conundrum : Play-along for the jazz orchestra
"Bird" goes Latin : Charlie Parker originals! : authentic salsa versions
Arturo Sandoval & The Latin Train
The colors of Latin jazz : sabroso! : a collection of contemporary jazz, Latin style
Cuba : the elusive island : photographs = la isla ilusiva
The NuYorican Funk Experience. Volume 3
The Most of Latin Groove : a litter of latin lovelies
ReMembering Cuba : legacy of a diaspora
Dizzier and Dizzier
The opposite house
Afro-Cuban grooves for bass and drums : funkifying the cláve
Freakoff : Latin breakbeats, basslines & boogaloo
Desire develops an edge
More than mambo : the introduction to Afro-Cuban jazz
Ocho II
Mambo of the times
Mod Jazz : 60s discotheque dancers for the cool school
Nu Yorica roots! : The rise of Latin music in New York City in the 1960s
Culture shock! : Cuba : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Winds & skins : the Swedish Radio recordings 1978
Fania DJ Series :  Gilles Peterson / [compiled by] Gilles Peterson
From revolution to migration : a study of contemporary Cuban and Cuban-American crime fiction
Spanish grease ; Uno dos tres 1 2 3
A few short notes from the end run
Afro-Cuban Fantasy
Cuba : idea of a nation displaced
Afro-Cuban grooves for bass and drums : Funkifying the clave
10 Latin-jazz favorites : Book and CD for Bb, Eb and C instruments
Empress of the splendid season
Mongo Explodes : Watermelon Man
Steve Turre
Political disaffection in Cuba's revolution and exodus
Salsa heat! : classic salsa & latin grooves from the vaults of Fania Records
A night at Kimball's East
Across the divide : a tale of rhythm and ancestry
Danzon (Dance on)
Hot House
Fusion : Rock, jazz, funk, latin, smooth
The offense of the drum
Brazilian and Afro Cuban jazz conception : Flute
The Mambo Kings play songs of love
The Complete RCA Victor recordings
Ghost heart
Bobo! Do that thing / Willie Bobo
Cuba : land of spirit
Culture shock! Cuba! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Holiday for skins
Gettin' soulful : a swingin' combination of Vampisoul Records smash hits
Heart of a legend
The Dalecarlia recordings 1971-72
Alpha Boys' School : Music in education 1910-2006
The "new man" in Cuba : culture and identity in the Revolution
The first album
The Mambo Kings
Heat ; Jungle fire
Latin jazz : the perfect combination = la combinación perfecta
Yo! : Hot Latin Funk from El Barrio
Mongo Santamaria's Greatest Hits
Monkey see, monkey do : groovy latin swingers from Harlem's best combo : (1967-1971)
Culture and the Cuban Revolution : conversations in Havana
Life on the hyphen : the Cuban-American way
Mongo at the village gate
Juicy
Broasted or fried : Latin breakbeats, basslines & boogaloo
Trip tease. Vol. 3 : More fine moments from the Blue Note and Capitol catalogue
Latin quarter : Latin jazz fusion for all instrumentalists
RCA recordings 49-60
The barefoot queen
Live from Stern Grove Festival
The best of Ocho
The Pedrito Martinez Group
Mambo with Tjader
Brazilian and Afro Cuban jazz conception : Alto and baritone saxophone
Paquito D'Rivera for all musicians : latin, caribbean, brazilian jazz & beyond
Cuba : the conversation continues
Havana USA : Cuba exiles and Cuban Americans in South Florida, 1959-1994
The Funky beat
