http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2902 collection (general)
collection (general)
Fundraising on the internet : the ePhilanthropyFoundation.Org's guide to success online
An Investigation on Managing the Recovery of Hazardous Household Waste in Rustenburg, South Africa : A Preliminary Operational Plan of Pilleri II
Seeds of forest broadleaves from harvest to sowing
Competition car data logging : a practical handbook
Smithsonian plant collections, Guyana : 1990-1991, Tim McDowell
Waste paper recycling and the structure of forest industry
Death at the alma mater
A comparison of pitfall trapping and quadrat sampling of Carabidae (Coleoptera) on river banks
Biodiversity of fungi : inventory and monitoring methods
The thesis is about work orientation and it is commissioned by the Finnish Red Cross. It aims at improving the orientation methods of the Finnish Red Cross. The outcome of the thesis is a confidential orientation guide for the new fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross. The purpose of the guide is to pass on the most relevant information regarding the position. The orientation guide also covers topics such as work motivation and the responsibilities of a fundraiser and a team leader. The guide includes a self-assessment form that aims at improving performance at work. The research question to be answered in the thesis is “What does a good orientation guide for the new face-to-face fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross include”. The research methods used in the thesis were interviews conducted for the face-to-face coordinators, the fundraising manager and the fundraising planner. The research conducted was a qualitative research. The theoretical framework of the thesis consists of theories on work orientation, motivation and non-profit organisations. Those were topical for the sake of the thesis. Additionally the author's personal working experience as a fundraiser was utilised in the thesis. The orientation guide produced here focuses on three main themes: providing the most important information for the new face-to-face fundraiser at the Finnish Red Cross, presenting tools for self-assessment, and helping the employees achieve better results at work. The orientation guide created for the Finnish Red Cross is confidential and therefore is not included in this thesis report. However the table of contents of the guide can be seen in Appendix 1. The produced orientation guide has been read and accepted by the contact person of the Finnish Red Cross. Therefore the guide can be used as a part of the orientation process of the new face-to-face fundraisers and the goal of the thesis has been reached. Further research on how the orientation guide has affected the face-to-face fundraisers work would be interesting.
Crowdfunding for a Novelty Product : Case Study: Goodio Cools
Philanthropy in a flat world : inspiration through globalization
Toxic Bacillus pumilus from indoor air, recycled paper pulp, Norway spruce, food poisoning outbreaks and clinical samples
Blues Brothers 2000
Environmental impacts of waste paper recycling
Eucalyptus seed
Crowdfunding as a Customer Engagement Channel
Welcome on board : an orientation guide for the face-to-face fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross
Wood - sampling methods and general requirements for physical and mechanical testing of small clear wood specimens = Bois - méthodes d'échantillonnage et conditions générales pour les essais physiques et mécaniques de petites éprouvettes de bois net
Papermaking science and technology. Book 17, Pulp and paper testing
Towards an understanding of humanoid robots in eLC applications
Managing global genetic resources : forest trees
How to do your research project : a guide for students in education and applied social sciences
International code of conduct for plant germplasm collecting and transfer
Live forever : collecting live art
Wild mushrooms in Finland = Vilda svampar i Finland = Wilde pilze in Finland = Les champignons sauvages de Finlande = Funghi selvatici Finlandesi
Does international harmonization of environmental policy instruments make economic sense? : the case of paper recycling n Europe
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1996 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1996
Waste picking activities in Ho Chi Minh City : non-conventional approach to solid waste management
Waste management options for discarded newspaper in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area : life cycle assessment report
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
On the analysis of ink content in recycled pulps
The book now in your hands is itself a kind of collection, a gathering of the voices of some catalysts of contemporary performance: artists, cultural engineers, curators, collectors, set alongside critical meditations on the aesthetic, legal and museological ramifications of collecting live art. What emerges is a dynamic conversation - happily discordant in places - on the ethos of the act of collecting, and its social, political and philosophical consequences.
The Blues brothers : 25-vuotisjuhlaversio
The Blues Brothers
Fundraising with businesses : 40 new (and improved!) strategies for nonprofits
Frameworks for event fundraising in Alberta, Canada
Management of open-ended user feedback in the continuous development of information systems and e-services
Abstract (s. 9).
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1.1.1994 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1.1.1994
Consent practices and biomedical knowledge production in tissue economies
A practical guide for doing small non-profit project
Extraordinary measures
A crowdfunder's strategy guide : build a better business by building community
Abstract: Encounters with the past : a study of the construction of folk poetry sources and their interpretations.
Improvement of resource efficiency in deinked pulp mill
Collecting and safeguarding the oral traditions: an international conference : Khon Kaen, Thailand, 16-19 August 1999, organized as a satellite meeting of the 65th IFLA General Conference held in Bangkok, Thailand, 1999
Research funding toolkit
Crowdfunding as a customer engagement channel
Blues Brothers 2000.
Crowdfunding : exploration of what influences campaign success
Integrated approach to analysis of communication in issue arenas : building a balanced communication strategy portfolio - case Paperinkeräys Oy
Crowdfunding intelligence : the no-nonsense guide to raising investment funds on the internet
In a futuristic world, teenaged Nailer scavenges copper wiring from grounded oil tankers for a living, but when he finds a beached clipper ship with a girl in the wreckage, he has to decide if he should strip the ship for its wealth or rescue the girl / Library off Congress.
The future of crowdfunding : how to utilize the phenomenon
New HC screening technology for recycled fibre pulps
Ivy and Bean : no news is good news
Robin Hood marketing : stealing corporate savvy to sell just causes
Nonprofit internet strategies : best practices for marketing, communications, and fundraising success
Clarifying the internal brand of Paperinkeräys Oy
American environmental policy : the failures of compliance, abatement and mitigation
Sustainable solid waste management
Spread the responsibility for museum documentation : a programme for contemporary documentation at Swedish museums of cultural history
Ship breaker
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
The Blues brothers
Abstract.
"Crowdfunding's time has arrived! Through the power of the Internet, it represents one of the most exhilarating ways to raise investment funds for your dream project. It enables you to get exposure in the public domain and can mean a seal of approval being given to your ideas by the masses. Developed from crowdsourcing - where people get together to generate ideas and solve problems - crowdfunding is an extension of this, only now the crowd add money (funding) to a project. It offers investment solutions to project needs in all sorts of fields, from apps to zoos. This book provides unrivalled explanations and frameworks to help any entrepreneur or business to prepare and execute a successful crowdfunding campaign and raise the capital they need. It contains expert insights and advice from the major players in the sector, including the leading crowdfunding sites, on how success can be achieved."--Amazon website.
Northern science for northern society : building economic self-reliance
The complexity of mobile phone recycling : developing user-centered design guidelines and future concepts for mobile phone collection
Nonprofit marketing : marketing management for charitable and nongovernmental organizations
Fundraising the SMART way : predictable, consistent income growth for your charity
PM2.5 particle mass collection methods in the expolis study techniques, quality assurance and quality control
See inside recycling and rubbish
Tree phenology and seed collection in Somalia
Glass can be recycled forever : utilisation of End-of-Life Cathode Ray Tube glasses in ceramic and glass industry
Trashed
Saving the web for future generations
Waste paper recycling : economic and ecological prospects
Recyclability of thermomechanical pulp fibres
Paper recycling : strategies, economics and technology
Songcatchers : in search of the world's music
Handbook for the collection of traditional music and musical instruments
How to improve acquiring of customer feedback in Raha-automaattiyhdistys
Recycled papers : the essential guide
Research for nurses : methods and interpretation
Conducting research literature reviews : from the Internet to paper
