http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29081 species protection
species protection
European Union action plans for eight priority bird species : Bittern (Botaurus stellaris), Ferruginous Duck (Aythya nyroca), Steller's Eider (Polysticta stelleri) : Lammergeier (Gypaetus barbatus), Greater Spotted Eagle (Aquila clanga), Lesser Spotted Eagle (Aquila pomarina), Bonelli's Eagle (Hieraaetus fasciatus) , Little Bustard (Tetrax tetrax)
European Community environment legislation. European Commission. Vol. 4, Nature
Environmental rights
Environmental ethics : an introduction with readings
Summary (s. 8).
International single species action plant for the conservation of the great snipe Gallinago media : agreement of the conservation of African-Eurasian migratory waterbirds
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 4, Nature
Suomen lajien uhanalaisuus 2010 : punainen kirja = The 2010 red list of Finnish species
Capacity building for environmental law in the Asia and Pacific region : approaches and resources. Vol. 2
International single species action plan for the conservation of the sociable lapwing Vanellus gregarius : agreement on the conservation of African-Eurasian migratory waterbirds
1997-2002: five years of new wildlife trade regulations : the European Union's contribution to sustainable trade and species consevation
International single species action plan for the conservation of the black-winged pratincole Glareola nordmanni : agreement on the conservation of African-Eurasian migratory waterbirds
Europe's environment : the Dobríš assessment
International wildlife law : an analysis of international treaties concerned with the conservation of wildlife
The economic analysis of environmental policy and law : an introduction
Institutional interaction in global environmental governance : synergy and conflict among international and EU policies
An alternative hypothesis for the cause of the ivory-billed woodpecker's decline
The concept of assisted migration and its applicability in conservation law in force.
Agenda 21 & The UNCED proceedings.. 3. ser
Agriculture and biodiversity : developing indicators for policy analysis : proceedings from an OECD Expert Meeting, Zurich, Switzerland, November 2001
Summary and recommendations  (s. 7-26).
Natural woodlands in the Nordic countries
Towards a European habitat classification : background review 1989-1995
Ecology and conservation of birds in urban environments
The environmental policy of the European Communities
Nordic Action Plan to Protect the Natural Environment and Cultural Heritage of the Arctic : Greenland, Iceland and Svalbard
Implementation of Agenda 21 in Finland
Lyster's international wildlife law
Yearbook of international environmental law
The animal ethics reader
The wolf debate in Finland
Ethics, humans and other animals : an introduction with readings
OECD environmental performance reviews : Belarus
Threatened animals and plants in Finland : english summary of the report of the Committee for the Conservation of Threatened Animals and Plants in Finland
