http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29096 Dutch language literature
Dutch language literature
The foxes come at night
Studies in the literature of Northern Europe
Nice to meet you : a companion to Dutch & Flemish children's literature
The king
A beautiful young wife
Lola and the rent-a-cat
The dinner
The first book of Schmoll : selected poems 1920-1928
Man on the move
Miffy in the snow
Miffy and Melanie
" Born in Antwerp, Belgium in 1896, the poet Paul van Ostaijen, one of the greatest innovators and experimenters in Dutch, died at the age of 32 in La Vallon Sanatorium in the Belgian Ardennes village of Miavoye-Anthee. Van Ostaijen helped to introduce modernism into the Low Countries, bringing together works influenced by both French Cubism and German Expressionism. During the short period in which he wrote, his poetry underwent a rapid evolutionary process. His first collections of poetry, Music Hall (1916) and Het Sienjaal ("The Signal" of 1918) expressed some of the "unanimist" ideas of Jules Romains in which the "one soul" or common spirit of the community as opposed to the individual psychology was of great importance. His next two collections, De feesten van angst in pijn (Feasts of Fear and Agony, 1921) and Bezette Stad ("Occupied City" of 1921), reveal his loss of his former humanitarian ideas and he completely broke with any traditional forms. After "Occupied City" van Ostaijen aimed at what he described as "pure lyricism," a poetry disengaged from the poet's personality. As van Ostaijen wrote: "Poetry is not: thought, spirit, well-tuned phrases, it is neither doctoral nor dad. It is only a game of words anchored in the metaphysical." "I play with words," he continued, "like a juggler with torches. My poems have no content, only a theme as in music. I only write a largo, an allegretto." The poems written during these years were meant to be collected into a volume titled Het eerste boek van Schmoll, collected here as The First Book of Schmoll. Van Ostaijen died in 1928 before the book was printed. " -- (Green Integer)
The squirrel's birthday and other parties
There's a hole in my bucket
The Arthur of the Germans : the Arthurian legend in medieval German and Dutch literature
As you are well pronounced by all external warrants : women's bodies and women's places in 17th-century Dutch and English drama
Anne Frank's tales from the secret annexe
Faloobi iyo Gudcurka habeenkii = Floppy in the dark
Twenty years of Dutch literature : some trends and central figures
The bass clarinet : a personal history
Miffy at the zoo
The tea lords
Kartuun dadqallo ka buuxaan = A box full of monsters
The detour
The return of the honey buzzard
The Middle Dutch prose Lancelot : a study of the Rotterdam fragments and their place in the French, German and Dutch Lancelot en prose tradition
Bride flight
Women's writing from the Low Countries 1200-1875 : a bilingual anthology
Lily and Trooper's summer
The evenings
Madame Verona comes down the hill
This landmark bilingual Dutch-English anthology introduces women's writing in the Low Countries from 1200 to 1875 through a variety of texts characterised by the religious, social, political and feminist engagement of their authors, as well as their extraordinary artistic achievement. Dutch and Flemish female writers produced work of ardent religious passion, ranging from medieval mysticism through the scathing anti-Reformation polemic to pious Anabaptist reflections. Other writers addressed current social and political debates or demonstrated fierce feminist engagement. Talented authors made important contributions to established genres such as the sonnet and the social novel or introduced new ones, like the epistolary novel. This invaluable volume, the first of its kind, explores and illustrates women's historical involvement in the literary world of the Low Countries, their opportunities and hindrances, and the experiences, which found their way into women's texts.
Wedding by the sea
Floppy karanlikta = Floppy in the dark
The book of doubt :  a novel
The postcolonial Low Countries : literature, colonialism, and multiculturalism
New trends in modern Dutch literature
Christ's entry into Brussels : (in the year 2000 and something, or thereabouts)
Landscape with rowers : poetry from the Netherlands
The cat who came in off the roof
Alfie the werewolf : birthday surprise
Alfie the werewolf : full moon
Letters to anyone and everyone
The colors of the ghetto
The contemporary novel in  Belgium
A history of literature in the Caribbean. Vol. 2, English- and Dutch-speaking countries
My father's notebook
Các ban cua Floppy = Floppy's friends
Floppy trong tôi = Floppy in the dark
The secret diary of Hendrik Groen, 83 1/4 years old
Baudelaire's revenge : a novel
The two hearts of Kwasi Boachi : [a novel]
The latecomer
Rome and the North : the early reception of Gregory the Great in Germanic Europe
The snowman's wish
The Dedalus book of Flemish fantasy
Flapi dar tariki = Floppy in the dark
Peek-a-Poo : what's in your nappy?
Whoever is born here, is doomed to stay 'til death. Whoever settles, never leaves.  Welcome to Black Spring, the seemingly picturesque Hudson Valley town haunted by the Black Rock Witch, a 17th century woman whose eyes and mouth are sewn shut. Muzzled, she walks the streets and enters your homes at will. She stands next to your bed for nights on end. Everybody knows that her eyes may never be opened.  The elders of Black Spring have virtually quarantined the town by using high-tech surveillance to prevent their curse from spreading. Frustrated with being kept in lockdown, the town's teenagers decide to break their strict regulations and go viral with the haunting, but in so doing send the town spiraling into the dark, medieval practices of the past.
The emblem tradition and the Low Countries : selected papers of the Leuven International Emblem Conference, 18-23 August, 1996
The twin
The tea lords : a novel of Java
The house of the mosque
The book club
Miffy at the gallery
THE RISING SUN
Flop-Ear is brave
Dear Mr. M
Abyssinian chronicles
We follow Arthur Daane, a documentary film maker, as he travels around the streets of Berlin. The city provides the backdrop for Daane's reflections on his life.
Summer house with swimming pool
The black lake
The dream merchant
