http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29025 sirtuins
sirtuins
Energy sensing factors modulate expression of inflammatory mediators, mitochondria acetylation and drug metabolism in the liver
The sirtfood diet recipe book
Inflammation in age-related macular degeneration and its regulation by sirtuin ligands
Biological Basis of Alcohol-Induced Cancer
"This book discusses the emergence of a new class of genes with a specific anticancer activity. These genes, recently defined as “Anticancer Genes”, are reviewed in individual chapters on their mode of action, the specific cell death signals they induce, and the status of attempts to translate them into clinical application. Anticancer Genes provides an overview of this nascent field, its genesis, current state, and prospect. It discusses how Anticancer Genes might lead to the identification of a repertoire of signaling pathways directed against cellular alterations that are specific for tumor cells. With contributions from experts worldwide, Anticancer Genes is an essential guide to this dynamic topic for researchers and students in cancer research, molecular medicine, pharmacology and toxicology and genetics as well as clinicians and clinical researchers interested in the therapeutic potential of this exciting new field." -- (Back Cover)
A computational approach towards sirtuin inhibitors : application of molecular docking methods
Metabolic and cellular effects of calorie restriction and whey proteins in experimental obesity
Abstract.
This proceedings volume will contain chapters based upon the presentation of the 2nd International Conference on Alcohol and Cancer in Colorado, 2013. The various topics explore the affects of alcohol on: liver and breast cancer, cell signaling and cancer, stem cells, biomarkers and metabolomics, aerodigestive cancers, cancer and the immune system, and more. In the recent years, a significant amount of research has emerged connecting the link between alcohol and cancer. The field has rapidly advanced, especially since the complex connection between alcohol and cancer has several unique sub areas that are being investigated and this volume gives a comprehensive overview of these advancements.
The sirt food diet : [the revolutionary plan for health & weight loss]
