http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29066 Wahhabism
Wahhabism
Followers of Muhammad b. 'Abd al-Wahhab, often considered to be Islam's Martin Luther, shaped the political and religious identity of the Saudi state while also enabling the significant worldwide expansion of Salafist Islam. Studies of the movement he inspired, however, have often been limited by scholars' insufficient access to key sources within Saudi Arabia. Nabil Mouline was granted rare interviews and admittance to important Saudi archives in preparation for this groundbreaking book, the first in-depth study of the Wahhabi religious movement from its founding to the modern day. Gleaning information from both written and oral sources and employing a multidisciplinary approach that combines history, sociology, and Islamic studies, Mouline presents a new reading of this movement that transcends the usual resort to polemics.
The clerics of Islam : religious authority and political power in Saudi Arabia
Religion and politics in Saudi Arabia : Wahhabism and the state
What is Wahhabism? What is its relationship with the Saudi state? Does it play a part in Islamist terrorist threats? These are among the complex questions tackled in "Religion and Politics in Saudi Arabia". Moving from the historical, social, and political contexts in which Wahhabism originated and flourished to its current internal divisions and its impact on Saudi-US relations, the authors offer thought-provoking, cutting-edge research that helps to unravel the mystery that has long surrounded the subject.This book sheds light on the origins and nature of Wahhabism and on its long, complicated relationship with the Saudi state.
Saudi Arabia is often portrayed as a country where religious rules dictate every detail of daily life: where women may not drive; where unrelated men and women may not interact; where women veil their faces; and where banks, restaurants, and cafes have dual facilities: one for families, another for men. Yet everyday life in the kingdom does not entirely conform to dogma. David Commins challenges the stereotype of Saudi Arabia as a country immune to change by highlighting the ways that urbanization, education, consumerism, global communications, and technological innovation have exerted pressure against rules issued by the religious establishment. Commins places the Wahhabi movement in the wider context of Islamic history, showing how state-appointed clerics built on dynastic backing to fashion a model society of Sharia observance and moral virtue. Beneath a surface appearance of obedience to Islamic authority, however, he detects reflections of Arabia's heritage of diversity (where Shi'ite and Sufi tendencies predating the Saudi era survive in the face of discrimination) and the effects of its exposure to Western mores
God's terrorists : the Wahhabi Cult and the hidden roots of Modern Jihad
Wahhabi Islam : from revival and reform to global Jihad
