http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29020 interwar period
interwar period
First World War : still no end in sight
Global connections : politics, exchange, and social life in world history. Volume II, since 1500
Sunlight on the Mersey
A season of secrets
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
Planting new towns in Europe in the interwar years : experiments and dreams for future societies
Downton Abbey. Series six
Organized workers and socialist politics in interwar Japan
The photography of crisis : the photo essays of Weimar Germany
Ghastly business
The Holy See's foreign policies in Inter-War Europe is a collection of essays that offers new viewpoints and interpretations of the pontificates of Benedict XV (1914-1922) and Pius XI (1922-1939). The volume gives an overview of the framework within which the Holy See was navigating while trying to ensure the religious well-being of the faithful all over Europe after the Great War. The first part of the volume describes how national tensions affected the Vatican's foreign policies and the Catholic Church on local level in Germany, the Free City of Danzig, Eastern Galicia and Malta, while the second part analyses the Holy See's missionary activities: the visit of Cardinal Willem van Rossum to Finland, the religious situation in Estonia and the Crusade of Prayers for Russia.
From heroes to enemies : Finns in Canada, 1937-1947
A war of flowers
FDR's ambassadors and the diplomacy of crisis : from the rise of Hitler to the end of World War II
To commemorate or not : the Finnish Labor Movement and the memory of the Civil War in the interwar period
What effect did personality and circumstance have on US foreign policy during World War II? This incisive account of US envoys residing in the major belligerent countries - Japan, Germany, Italy, China, France, Great Britain, USSR - highlights the fascinating role played by such diplomats as Joseph Grew, William Dodd, William Bullitt, Joseph Kennedy and W. Averell Harriman. Between Hitler's 1933 ascent to power and the 1945 bombing of Nagasaki, US ambassadors sculpted formal policy - occasionally deliberately, other times inadvertently - giving shape and meaning not always intended by Franklin D. Roosevelt or predicted by his principal advisors. From appeasement to the Holocaust and the onset of the Cold War, David Mayers examines the complicated interaction between policy, as conceived in Washington, and implementation on the ground in Europe and Asia. By so doing, he also sheds needed light on the fragility, ambiguities and enduring urgency of diplomacy and its crucial function in international politics.
Russia takes shape : patterns of integration from the Middle Ages to the present
An incomplete revenge : a Maisie Dobbs novel
In the silence of the snow
Russian refugees in France and the United States between the World Wars
"Chronicling the emergence of an international society in the 1920s, Daniel Gorman describes how the shock of the First World War gave rise to a broad array of overlapping initiatives in international cooperation. Though national rivalries continued to plague world politics, ordinary citizens and state officials found common causes in politics, religion, culture and sport with peers beyond their borders. The League of Nations, the turn to a less centralized British Empire, the beginning of an international ecumenical movement, international sporting events and audacious plans for the abolition of war all signaled internationalism's growth. State actors played an important role in these developments and were aided by international voluntary organizations, church groups and international networks of academics, athletes, women, pacifists and humanitarian activists. These international networks became the forerunners of international NGOs and global governance"--
The day without yesterday
To hell and back : Europe, 1914-1949
Lenin on the train
Second violin
Arab-Byzantine relations in early Islamic times
The Holy See's foreign policies in Inter-War Europe
The emergence of international society in the 1920s
News from Berlin
Downton Abbey. Series three
The war of liberation, the civil guards, and the Veterans' Union : public memory in the interwar period
War games : the story of aid and war in modern times
The blind side of the heart
Memory of the abyss
Harlem in Montmartre : a Paris jazz story between the great wars
Great powers and the quest for hegemony : the world order since 1500
A history of the Baltic states
Urban esthetics and national unity : a Finnish new town in the making
The United States and the Nordic countries, 1940-1945
The return of captain John Emmett
Before the war
Roosevelt's lost alliances : how personal politics helped start the Cold War
The great campaigns : reform and war in America, 1900-1928
Georgia
Only time will tell
