http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2903 Maoism
Maoism
The beautiful and the damned : life in the New India
The origins of the cultural revolution. 2, The great leap forward 1958-1960
Eating bitterness : new perspectives on China's Great Leap Forward and famine
China's great proletarian Cultural Revolution : master narratives and post-Mao counternarratives
Contributed articles on Maoist movement in Nepal.
Fragile femininities, violent masculinities? : gender in the reintegration of Maoist ex-combatants in Nepal
Major doctrines of communist China
This major new biography of Mao uses extensive Russian documents previously unavailable to biographers to reveal surprising details about Mao's rise to power and his leadership in China.
"This edited volume explores the stunning diversity in behavior, outlook, and viewpoints at the grassroots level of society during the Mao Zedong era. Men had gay relationships in factory dormitories, teens penned searing complaints in diaries, mentally ill individuals in the Beijing suburbs cursed Mao, and farmers formed secret societies, founded new dynasties, and worshipped forbidden spirits. These diverse undercurrents were at least as mainstream in people's everyday lives as the ideas found in Mao's Little Red Book or People's Daily editorials. Bringing together senior scholars and up-and-coming researchers from China, Europe, North America, and Taiwan, the book draws on rare documents to challenge top-down historical narratives. Focusing on crime, labels, and punishment; mobilization; culture and communication; and discontent, the chapters reveal how people individually and collectively negotiated structures of power. Bringing readers stories of aggrieved schoolteachers in rural Hunan, Uyghur officials in Xinjiang, armed rebels on the southwest frontier, and disaffected youth in Tianjin, the volume sheds light on the traumas and unexpected turning points during China's years of high socialism, raising the question of whether 'Mao's China' ever existed at all"--Provided by publisher.
"A personal, narrative work of journalism and cultural analysis, The beautiful and the damned examines India's many contradictions through five individual perspectives."--Publisher's description.
Battles of the new republic : a contemporary history of Nepal
Deals with the dynamics and growth of a violent 21st century communist rebellion initiated by the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist), explaining the different causes, factors that contributed to its growth, strategies employed by the rebels and the state, and the consequences of the insurgency.
Appetites : food and sex in postsocialist China
Mao : the real story
China against the tides : restructuring through revolution, radicalism and reform
Selected works of Mao Tse-Tung. Volume 3.
Revolution and Chinese foreign policy : Peking's support for wars of national liberation
The bullet and the ballot box : the story of Nepal's Maoist revolution
Naxalbari and Indian revolution
The Maoist educational revolution
Selected works of Mao Tse-Tung. Vol. 1.
The Shining Path of Peru
Canon vs. charisma : "Maoism" as an ideological construction
Development co-operation for conflict prevention and conflict resolution : scope and potentialities of Finland's development co-operation in Nepal
India today : economy, politics and society
Selected works of Mao Tse-Tung. Vol. 5.
The communism of Mao Tse-tung
The Maoists in India delves deep into one of the most intractable but under-reported insurgencies in the developing world - the decades long battle between the Indian state and Maoist groups who control significant parts of tribal India. Nirmalangshu Mukherji explains the devastating impact on India's tribal population of neoliberalism and armed aggression by the State, as well as the impact of the armed struggle by the Maoists. Unlike most accounts, Mukherji takes an honest and unflinching look at each of the Maoists' interventions and critically examines the ideology and programme proposed by their theoreticians and prominent intellectual sympathisers. The Maoists in India goes beyond analysing the Maoist insurgency purely in terms of security considerations. It examines the idea of armed struggle in the context of a well-established parliamentary democracy and focusses on the Maoists' own political philosophy, looking critically at whether their strategy can help to deliver social justice and liberation for India's poor.
China in war and revolution, 1895-1949
The wind from the east : French intellectuals, the cultural revolution, and the legacy of the 1960s
Red Azalea : life and love in China
History of economic relations between Russia and China : from modernization to Maoism
The influence of Mao Tsetung's doctrines to the trade between China and Finland
The politics of China : sixty years of the People's Republic of China
Red azalea
The origins of the cultural revolution. 1, Contradictions among the people 1956-1957
The people's communes
Quotations from chairman Mao Tse-Tung
Chinese communism in crisis : maoism and the cultural revolution
Radicalism, revolution, and reform in modern China : essays in honor of Maurice Meisner
"India fighting with itself" : discourses on the Naxalite movement in Indian news media
China's political system : modernization and tradition
The cultural revolution in China : its origins and course up to August 1967.
Twenty years ago India was still generally thought of as an archetypal developing country, home to the largest number of poor people of any country in the world, and beset by problems of low economic growth, casteism and violent religious conflict. Now India is being feted as an economic power-house which might well become the second largest economy in the world before the middle of this century. Its democratic traditions, moreover, remain broadly intact. How and why has this historic transformation come about? And what are its implications for the people of India, for Indian society and politics? These are the big questions addressed in this book by three scholars who have lived and researched in different parts of India during the period of this great transformation.
China : the land and its people
Selected works of Mao Tse-Tung. Vol. 4.
"Mao Zedong's political career spanned more than half a century. The ideas he championed transformed one of the largest nations on earth and inspired revolutionary movements across the world. Even today Mao lives on in China, where he is regarded by many as a near-mythical figure, and in the West, where a burgeoning literature continues to debate his memory. In this book, leading scholars from different generations and around the world offer a critical evaluation of the life and legacy of China's most famous - some would say infamous - son. In the first section, chapters explore the historical and political context of Mao's emergence as a young man and revolutionary in the early twentieth century. Through this period it is possible to examine the nature of Mao's ideology in its purest form and to see why it was attractive to so many. This section also chronicles the main events of his life and individual aspects of that life: his key relationships with allies and foes, his followers and his public persona, his philosophy, and his relationship with women. In the final part, chapters debate the positive and negative aspects of his legacy; in China Mao has become a metaphor for the promises and betrayals of the twentieth century, in developing countries he remains a beacon of revolutionary hope for some, and in the West Mao continues to be the mirror of our hopes and fears. The book brings the scholarship on Mao up to date, and its alternative perspectives equip readers to assess for themselves the nature of this mercurial figure and his significance in modern Chinese history"--Provided by publisher.
"Thirty years ago, China was emerging from one of the most traumatic periods in its history. The Chinese people had been ravaged by long years of domestic struggle, terrible famine and economic and political isolation. Today, China has the world's second largest economy and is a major player in global diplomacy. This volume, written by some of the leading experts in the field, tracks China's extraordinary transformation from the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, through the Great Leap Forward, the Cultural Revolution, and the death of Chairman Mao, to its dynamic rise as a superpower in the twenty-first century. The latest edition of the book includes a new introduction and a seventh chapter which focuses on the legacy of Deng Xiaoping, the godfather of China's transformation, under his successors Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao. Under Mao, China challenged the outside world ideologically and militarily. Today China's challenge as an economic and diplomatic superpower may prove even more formidable. As a comprehensive and authoritative appraisal of China's last sixty years, this book will be invaluable for professionals working in the region and for students assessing what China will mean for their futures" -- Publisher's description.
Communist China : revolutionary reconstruction and international confrontation 1949 to the present
The communist party of China and marxism 1921-1985 : a self-portrait
Systems analysis in public policy : a critique
Communications and national integration in communist China
More than Maoism : politics, policies, and insurgencies in South Asia
"Thought reform is arguably China's most controversial social policy. If reeducation's critics and defenders agree on little else, they share the conviction that ideological remolding is inseparable from its Mao-era roots. This is the first major English-language study to explore one of the most important aspects of those origins, the essential relationship between thought reform and the “dangerous classes”—the prostitutes, beggars, petty criminals, and other “lumpenproletarians” that Communists saw as a threat to society and the revolution. Through formerly unavailable classified documents, as well as diaries, oral histories, and memoirs, Aminda Smith takes readers inside the early-PRC reformatories where the new state endeavored to transform socially marginalized “vagrants” into socially integrated members of the laboring masses. As sites where “the people” were literally created, these centers became testing grounds for rapidly changing discourses about the praxis of thought reform as well as the subjects it aimed to produce. Her book explores reformatories as institutions dedicated to molding new socialist citizens and as symbolic spaces through which internees, cadres, and the ordinary masses made sense of what it meant to be a member of the people in the People's Republic of China. She offers convincing new answers to much-debated questions about the nature of the crucial decade of the 1950s, especially with respect to the development and future of PRC political culture." --Publisher's description.
Enemies of the people
Mao's Little red book : a global history
Selected works of Mao Tse-Tung. Vol. 2.
The cultural revolution in China
Maoism at the grassroots : everyday life in China's era of high socialism
Chinese Marxism
The Maoists in India : tribals under siege
A comprehensive history of how the conflicts and balances of power in the Maoist revolutionary campaigns from 1951 to 1979 complicated and diversified the meanings of films, this book offers a discursive study of the development of early PRC cinema. Wang closely investigates how film artists, Communist Party authorities, cultural bureaucrats, critics, and audiences negotiated, competed, and struggled with each other for the power to decide how to use films and how their extensively different, agonistic, and antagonistic power strategies created an ever-changing discursive network of meaning in cinema.
The Communist Party of China and Marxism 1921-1985 : a self-portrait
On people's democratic dictatorship : together with his two speeches delivered at the Preparatory Committee Meeting and the first plenary session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
To Phoenix seat : an introductory study of Maoism and the Chinese communist quest for a paradise on earth
Class conflict in Chinese socialism
Perspectives on modern South Asia : a reader in culture, history, and representation
Let's call him Vasu : with the Maoists in Chhattisgarh
China's political economy : the quest for development since 1949
What is behind Maoism ? : the theoretical and political platform of Maoism
Revolutionary cycles in Chinese cinema, 1951-1979
Dreams of joy
Hardly a week passes without people dying in strikes and counter-strikes by the Maoists interchangeably known as the Naxalites - and the police and paramilitary forces. In this brilliant and sobering examination of the 'Other India', Sudeep Chakravarti combines reportage, political analysis and individual case histories as he takes us to the heart of Maoist zones in the country - areas of extreme destitution, bad governance and perpetual war.
Rethinking Mao : explorations in Mao Zedong's thought
During the 1960s, a who's who of French thinkers, writers, and artists, spurred by China's Cultural Revolution, were seized with a fascination for Maoism. Combining an expose of left-wing political folly and cross-cultural misunderstanding with a spirited defense of the 1960s, this title tells the colorful story of this legendary period in France.
Selected works of Mao Tse-Tung. Vol. 3.
Total revolution : a comparative study of Germany under Hitler, the Soviet Union under Stalin and China under Mao
The political thought of Mao Tse-tung
Mao's war against nature : politics and the environment in Revolutionary China
Shining path : guerrilla war in Peru's northern highlands, 1980-1997
The people's war in Nepal : left perspectives
Historical revolutionary songs
A critical introduction to Mao
Thought reform and China's dangerous classes : reeducation, resistance, and the people
The use of Mao and the Chongqing model
Chinese capitalism and the modernist vision
Red Sun : travels in naxalite country
Red Azalea is Anchee Min’s celebrated memoir of growing up in the last years of Mao’s China. As a child, she was asked to publicly humiliate a teacher; at seventeen, she was sent to work at a labor collective. Forbidden to speak, dress, read, write, or love as she pleased, she found a lifeline in a secret love affair with another woman. Miraculously selected for the film version of one of Madame Mao’s political operas, Min’s life changed overnight. Then Chairman Mao suddenly died, taking with him an entire world. A revelatory and disturbing portrait of China, Anchee Min’s memoir is exceptional for its candor, its poignancy, its courage, and for its prose.
On art and literature
Selected works of Mao Tse-Tung. Volume 4.
Woman from Shanghai : tales of survival from a Chinese labor camp
The Maoist insurgency in Nepal : revolution in the twenty-first century
