http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29150 Christmas music
Christmas music
Christmas songbook
A looney tunes sing-a-long Christmas
Gospel Christmas
I don't wanna be your Christmas tree
Christmas Adagios
O come, all ye faithful
Christmas with Sinatra and friends
The Rat Pack at Christmas
Cool Christmas blues
Mandolin Christmas songbook
Jingle bells : 21 Christmas songs
Jazzy yule : 7 jazzy holiday songs arranged for intermediate piano
Christmas with my friends. II
It won't be Christmas without you
Christmas with my friends
Christmas album lp 1062
Christmas!
Joy to the world
The merry christmas album
Classic christmas
Wolcum yule : Celtic and British songs and carols
Sleep, holy babe
Verve remixed. Christmas
Christmas carols for children
The cherry tree : songs, carols & ballads for Christmas
A lovemongers' Christmas
Sing a song for Christmas / The Merry Carol Singers
Christmas with Nat & Dean : 22 Christmas Classics from Nat King Cole & Dean Martin
Christmas hits : easy playalong for clarinet
Christmas with the Pops
The First Noël : A child's book of Christmas carols to play and sing
Christmas hits : Playalong for violin
The Bach choir family carols
Glee the music :  the Christmas album. Volume 2
A Christmas album
The real... Christmas
A Wright Christmas
A Boston Camerata Christmas : worlds of early Christmas music
Christmas & the city
Christmas time : for violin with piano accompaniment
Christmas songs : Karaoke for instruments : treble instruments
A christmas cantata
Groovy Christmas
Making spirits bright : A smooth jazz Christmas
Christmas Carols from Tewkesbury Abbey
Cruising Christmas
The complete Columbia albums collection
Rock Christmas
The christmas collection
Christmas memories : 15 all time christmas favourites
Christmas with the Chipmunks
Christmas around the world
Christmas songs
Christmas morning
If on a winter's night
The greatest hits of christmas  lp 510.
The Magic of Christmas
The B♭ real Christmas book
Baroque Christmas concert : from the Cathedral in Freiburg
The Christmas songs
Seasons greetings : a Jersey Boys Christmas
Songs for Christmas
Carols for choirs. 5 : Fifty Christmas carols
Christmas classics : 50 Christmas favorites arranged for piano and voice
The Christmas album : a classical Christmas with Helmut Lotti
Peace, love & understanding : the xmas album
White Christmas : the most beautiful Christmas evergreens. 2.
Playboy Latin jazz Christmas : a not so silent night
The Christmas song
Play around the Christmas tree
Sufjan Stevens presents songs for Christmas : volumes 1 - 5 : singalong : in stereo hi-fi
Christmas songs by Sinatra
Merry Christmas everybody : Easy listening side
Christmas by ProViola
The Christmas album
Celtic Christmas
Let there be peace on earth
Simply the best Christmas album : Over 2 hours of the most beautiful classical holiday favorites
A Twisted Christmas
This Christmas
White Christmas : the most beautiful Christmas evergreens. 3.
Weihnachten durch die Jahrhunderte = Christmas throughout the centuries
It came upon the midnight clear
White Christmas : International Christmas
Together with Cliff at Christmas
Amahl and the night visitors : original cast of the 1951 NBC Television production : opera in one act
Follow the star
Christmas
The christmas spirit : The world's favourite hymns and carols
Christmas carols : The twelfth day of christmas
A Christmas present from Polyphony
The christmas album
Christmas peace
White Christmas
The real Christmas book : [Bass clef edition]
Christmas top 50
A baroque Christmas
Arthur Christmas : original motion picture soundtrack
Happy rock Christmas
Elton John's Christmas Party
Silent night : Gospel Christmas with Mahalia Jackson
All I want for Christmas
Christmas : Noëls anciens d'Europe
Christmas songs : Karaoke for instruments : chamber music in c
Christmas carols from St Paul's Cathedral
Roomful of Christmas
Ultimate Christmas collection
Christmas gospel hymns : für gemischten Chor (SATB) mit Klavierbegleitung =  for mixed choir (SATB) and piano accompaniment
Christmas songs : Karaoke for instruments : piano part
Christmas spirit
Christmas with the stars
Ella wishes you a swinging Christmas
Joy to the world. Vocal score : for soprano solo, mixed chorus, optional SSA chorus & ensemble
More Christmas hits
A very cool Christmas
Christmas. 2.
Favourite carols from King's
Fiddle time and viola time christmas : piano accompaniment book
Christmas time for violin with piano
Music for a glorious Christmas
White Christmas : the most beautiful Christmas evergreens. 1.
Ella Fitzgerald's Christmas
The classic Christmas album
Rockabilly Christmas
Christmas in the sand
Merry Christmas
The greatest holiday classics
Christmas with the O'Jays
Silent night : The greatest hits of christmas
