http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29172 data science
data science
Statistical methods in medical research
Big data and social science : a practical guide to methods and tools
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
Content analysis for the social sciences and humanities
Practical biostatistics : a user-friendly approach for evidence-based medicine
"We live in a categorical world! From a positive or negative disease diagnosis to choosing all items that apply in a survey, outcomes are frequently organized into categories so that people can more easily make sense of them. However, analyzing data from categorical responses requires specialized techniques beyond those learned in a rst or second course in Statistics. We o er this book to help students and researchers learn how to properly analyze categorical data. Unlike other texts on similar topics, our book is a modern account using the vastly popular R software. We use R not only as a data analysis method but also as a learning tool. For example, we use data simulation to help readers understand the underlying assumptions of a procedure and then to evaluate that procedure's performance. We also provide numerous graphical demonstrations of the features and properties of various analysis methods. The focus of this book is on the analysis of data, rather than on the mathematical development of methods. We o er numerous examples from a wide rage of disciplines medicine, psychology, sports, ecology, and others and provide extensive R code and output as we work through the examples. We give detailed advice and guidelines regarding which procedures to use and why to use them. While we treat likelihood methods as a tool, they are not used blindly. For example, we write out likelihood functions and explain how they are maximized. We describe where Wald, likelihood ratio, and score procedures come from. However, except in Appendix B, where we give a general introduction to likelihood methods, we do not frequently emphasize calculus or carry out mathematical analysis in the text. The use of calculus is mostly from a conceptual focus, rather than a mathematical one"--
Crystal structure refinement : a crystallographers guide  SHELXL
R graphics cookbook
Mathematical principles for scientific computing and visualization
Bayesian computation with R
Joint models for longitudinal and time-to-event data : with applications in R
Psychosocial work factors and burnout : a study of a working general population and patients at a stress rehabilitation clinic
Analyzing the large number of variables in biomedical and satellite imagery
Analysis of categorical data with R
Current and new directions in discourse and dialogue
Real estate & the new economy : the impact of information and communications technology
Demographic ageing is a reality -- within 25 years half the population of Western Europe will be over 50, one quarter over 65, and the Less Developed Countries will contain one billion elderly people. Ageing Societies examines the myths, challenges and opportunities behind these figures. Ageing Societies explores three areas: the growing necessity for extending economic activity into later life and the implications of societal ageing for the intergenerational contract and the provision of social security the changes in modern families and the implications the changes have for the provision of support and care for the ageing population the biggest demographic challenge of all: ageing in the Less Developed Countries where there is little or no infrastructure to provide long-term care or social security. Combining bio-demography, sociology, economics and development studies, Ageing Societies highlights the opportunities of an ageing population for a mature society. Age-integrated and flexible workforces, increased labour mobility, intergenerational integration, age equality and politically stable age-integrated societies are the potential benefits of a demography which will be with us for the majority of this century.
Data science & big data analytics : discovering, analyzing, visualizing and presenting data
Qualitative data analysis : a user-friendly guide for social scientist
Multilevel and longitudinal modeling using Stata
Two-level morphology : a general computational model for word-form recognition and production
Introduction to structural equation modelling using SPSS and AMOS
Metaphor and corpus linguistics
Qualitative text analysis : a guide to methods, practice & using software
Statistical analysis with missing data
Computational approaches to the lexicon
Research strategies in the social sciences : a guide to new approaches
How can you analyse narratives, interviews, field notes, or focus group data? Qualitative text analysis is ideal for these types of data and this textbook provides a hands-on introduction to the method and its theoretical underpinnings. It offers step-by-step instructions for implementing the three principal types of qualitative text analysis: thematic, evaluative, and type-building. Special attention is paid to how to present your results and use qualitative data analysis software packages, which are highly recommended for use in combination with qualitative text analysis since they allow for fast, reliable, and more accurate analysis. The book shows in detail how to use software, from transcribing the verbal data to presenting and visualizing the results.
Survey research methods
Concept, algorithm, decision : decision making and automation : (a Soviet view)
Measuring scholarly impact
The Finnish Meteorological Institute : final report for the Open Data project
Bioinformatic approaches for integration of genomic information
Statistics and chemometrics for analytical chemistry
Big data : algorithms, analytics, and applications
Elements of computational statistics
Principles of medical statistics
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
The little SAS book : a primer
Data manipulation with R
Erikoissairaanhoidon hoitoonpääsy vuosina 2007–2012 = Tillgången till specialiserad sjukvård åren 2007–2012 = Access to services in specialised health care in 2007–2012
Information technology and scholarship : applications in the humanities and social sciences
Corpus approaches to critical metaphor analysis
Time series analysis : with applications in R
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Discovering statistics using SAS : (and sex and drugs and rock 'n' roll)
Modern multidimensional scaling : theory and applications
Digital code of life : how bioinformatics is revolutionizing science, medicine, and business
Computation and its limits
Biostatistics : the bare essentials
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
This is a practical guide to using web metrics to measure impact and demonstrate value. The web provides an opportunity to collect a host of different metrics, from those associated with social media accounts and websites to more traditional research outputs. This book is a clear guide for library and information professionals as to what web metrics are available and how to assess and use them to make informed decisions and demonstrate value. As individuals and organizations increasingly use the web in addition to traditional publishing avenues and formats, this book provides the tools to unlock web metrics and evaluate the impact of this content. The key topics covered include: bibliometrics, webometrics and web metrics; data collection tools; evaluating impact on the web; evaluating social media impact; investigating relationships between actors; exploring traditional publications in a new environment; web metrics and the web of data; the future of web metrics and the library and information professional.
Data and statistics cookbook with Excel 2007
Crowdsourced health : how what you do on the Internet will improve medicine
"Preface Joint models for longitudinal and time-to-event data have become a valuable tool in the analysis of follow-up data. These models are applicable mainly in two settings: First, when focus is in the survival outcome and we wish to account for the effect of an endogenous time-dependent covariate measured with error, and second, when focus is in the longitudinal outcome and we wish to correct for nonrandom dropout. Due to their capability to provide valid inferences in settings where simpler statistical tools fail to do so, and their wide range of applications, the last 25 years have seen many advances in the joint modeling field. Even though interest and developments in joint models have been widespread, information about them has been equally scattered in articles, presenting recent advances in the field, and in book chapters in a few texts dedicated either to longitudinal or survival data analysis. However, no single monograph or text dedicated to this type of models seems to be available. The purpose in writing this book, therefore, is to provide an overview of the theory and application of joint models for longitudinal and survival data. In the literature two main frameworks have been proposed, namely the random effects joint model that uses latent variables to capture the associations between the two outcomes (Tsiatis and Davidian, 2004), and the marginal structural joint models based on G estimators (Robins et al., 1999, 2000). In this book we focus in the former. Both subfields of joint modeling, i.e., handling of endogenous time-varying covariates and nonrandom dropout, are equally covered and presented in real datasets"--
R in action : data analysis and graphics with R
The language of pain : expression or description?
ggplot2 : elegant graphics for data analysis
Nvivo 10 essentials : your guide to the world's most powerful data analysis software
Ggplot2 : elegant graphics for data analysis
Selected readings in Russian terminology research
Environmental data analysis with Matlab
Genre- and register-related discourse features in contrast
This textbook brings together both new and traditional research methods in Human Computer Interaction (HCI). Research methods include interviews and observations, ethnography, grounded theory and analysis of digital traces of behavior. Readers will gain an understanding of the type of knowledge each method provides, its disciplinary roots and how each contributes to understanding users, user behavior and the context of use. The background context, clear explanations and sample exercises make this an ideal textbook for graduate students, as well as a valuable reference for researchers and practitioners.
Geostatistics for environmental scientists
Applied data-centric social sciences : concepts, data, computation, and theory
This book is about harnessing the power of data for new insights. The book covers the breadth of activities, methods, and tools that data scientists use. The content focuses on concepts, principles and practical applications that are relevant to any industry and technology environment.--
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
Language as a cognitive process. 1, Syntax
Ways of knowing in HCI
Semantically supported media services with user participation : report on the RISE-project
Computing in the social sciences and humanities
Mathematical statistics with Mathematica
Structural equation modeling : applications using Mplus
Hermeneutica : computer-assisted interpretation in the humanities
Digital Humanities has become one of the new domains of academe at the interface of technological development, epistemological change, and methodological concerns. This volume explores how digital material might be read or utilized in research, whether that material is digitally born as fanfiction, for example, mostly is, or transposed from other sources. The volume asks questions such as what happens when text is transformed from printed into digital matter, and how that impacts on the methods we bring to bear on exploring that technologized matter, for example in the case of digital editions. Issues such as how to analyse visual material in digital archives or Twitter feeds, how to engage in data mining, what it means to undertake crowd-sourcing, big data, and what digital network analyses can tell us about online interactions are dealt with. This will give Humanities researchers ideas for doing digitally based research and also suggest ways of engaging with new digital research methods.
Interactive graphics for data analysis : principles and examples
Statistics and data with R : an applied approach through examples
Computational statistics handbook with MATLAB
The language of business studies lectures : a corpus-assisted analysis
The inflectional morphologies of the Swedish noun, the Swedish verb and the English verb : reverse dictionaries based upon data mining methods
Handbook of human genetic linkage
Compression of biomedical images and signals
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
Environmental data analysis with MatLab
"Data are generated at an exponential rate all over the world. Through advanced algorithms and analytics techniques, organizations can harness this data, discover hidden patterns, and use the findings to make meaningful decisions. Containing contributions from leading experts in their respective fields, this book bridges the gap between the vastness of big data and the appropriate computational methods for scientific and social discovery. It also explores related applications in diverse sectors, covering technologies for media/data communication, elastic media/data storage, cross-network media/data fusion, SaaS, and more"--
Research methods for reading digital data in the digital humanities
Generalized, linear, and mixed models
Web metrics for library and information professionals
The 1995 dental implant yearbook
A companion to digital humanities
This book is an authoritative handbook of current topics, technologies and methodological approaches that may be used for the study of scholarly impact. The included methods cover a range of fields such as statistical sciences, scientific visualization, network analysis, text mining, and information retrieval. The techniques and tools enable researchers to investigate metric phenomena and to assess scholarly impact in new ways. Each chapter offers an introduction to the selected topic and outlines how the topic, technology or methodological approach may be applied to metrics-related research. Comprehensive and up-to-date, Measuring Scholarly Impact: Methods and Practice is designed for researchers and scholars interested in informetrics, scientometrics, and text mining. The hands-on perspective is also beneficial to advanced-level students in fields from computer science and statistics to information science.
How to display data
Nursing research using data analysis : qualitative designs and methods in nursing
Risk-based approach as a solution to secondary use of personal data
R for data science : learn and explore the fundamentals of data science with R
Information architecture for information professionals
Geographic data mining and knowledge discovery
Computer applications in geography
Statistics in toxicology
"With increasing interest being shown in participatory research models, whether it be Wikipedia, World of Warcraft, participatory writing (like Montfort et al's 10 Print or Laurel et al's Design Research) or the more traditional communal research cultures of the arts collective or engineering lab, the Humanities is increasingly relying on computational tools to do the 'heavy lifting' necessary to process all of this information. Hermeneuti.ca, as its name implies, is about hermeneutical things--the computing tools of research that are usually hidden--how to use them, and how they are interpretative objects to be understood. Hermeneuti.ca is both a book and also a web site (http://hermeneuti.ca) that shows the interactive text analysis tools woven into the book. Essentially, Hermeneuti.ca is both a text about computer-assisted methods and a collection of analytical tools called Voyant (http://voyant-tools.org) that instantiate the authors ideas. While there is a definitely an emphasis on classic Digital Humanities work (corpus analysis, information retrieval, etc.), there is also a focus on the development of software as part of a project of knowledge that encompasses the idea of software as an active part of knowledge production that brings this book into the Software Studies series"--Provided by publisher.
Statistical analysis of fMRI data
Corpus-based approaches to metaphor and metonymy
Computational statistics
Data analysis and graphics using R : an example-based approach
Studies on large dimensional time series models in empirical macroeconomics
Ageing societies : myths, challenges and opportunities
