http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29138 Hindi language literature
Hindi language literature
"A sweeper discovers a cache of black money and escapes to see the Taj Mahal with his underage mistress; an untouchable races to reclaim his life stolen by an upper-caste identity thief; slum baby's head gets bigger and bigger as he gets smarter and smarter, while his family tries to find a cure. One of India's most original and audacious writers, Uday Prakash, weaves three stinging and comic tales of living and surviving in today's globalized India. In his stories, Prakash portrays realities about caste and class with an authenticity rarely seen in English-language fiction about South Asia. Told in compelling, vivid and thoroughly modern voice, sharply political but free of heavy handedness, these stories leave an imprint on the mind and heart long after the final page is turned"--
Early Hindī devotional literature in current research : proceedings of the International Middle Hindī Bhakti Conference (April 1979) organized by the Katholieke universiteit Leuven
Hindi short stories : an anthology
Songs of Meera : lyrics in ecstasy
The epic of Ram : Volume 2
Language versus dialect : linguistic and literary essays on Hindi, Tamil, and Sarnami
The Bijak of Kabir
The epic of Ram : Volume 1
Kṛṣṇa's round dance reconsidered : Harirām Vyās's Hindi Rās-pañcādhyāyī
The magic doe : Qut̤ban Suhravardī's Mirigāvatī : a new translation
Hindi modernism : rethinking Agyeya and his times : proceedings of the Berkeley Symposium February 11-13, 2011
Modern Hindi poetry : an anthology
Hindi poetry in a musical genre : Ṭhumrī lyrics
Complete works of Goswami Tulsidas. Vol. 3, Gitavali
Kunwar Narain is one of the finest poets living today and a pre-eminent literary and intellectual figure in India. He has been variously described as a 'meditative' poet, 'dwelling on the present through the prism of myth and history', and as a writer whose work reveals 'a twentieth century sensibility in its anguish as well as its resourcefulness'. His poems are said to embody a unique simultaneity of the simple and the layered, the contemporary and the metaphysical, but, above all, a rare purity and a deep humanism. Coursing through the past and the present, the absurd and the exploitative, intimate recollections and meditative ruminations, his is poetry that in its intricate weave and egalitarianism leaves us restless and reassured at once. The poems in this collection have been skilfully and painstakingly translated over several years by his son Apurva, who uncovers the nuanced content of the originals without compromising the allied complexities of their construct, not just in the broader demands of rhythm or fluency but also in the finer details of their 'word-music', rhyme or alliteration.
The complete poems of Samar Sen
The people and the self : a workshop anthology of contemporary Hindi poetry
Studies in Skanda Purāna. Part 1, (Geography, history, polity & society)
Morphology and syntax of Old Hindi : edition and analysis of one hundred Kabir Vani poems from Rajasthan
Godan : a novel of peasant India
Complete works of Goswami Tulsidas. Vol. 5, Kavitavali
Modern Hindi short stories
The gift of a cow : a translation of the Hindi novel, Godaan
The world of Premchand : selected stories of Premchand
Hindi short stories
Truth tales : contemporary writing by Indian women
Studies in Skanda Purāna. Part 4, Brahmanical art and iconography
The other in South Asian religion, literature and film : perspectives on otherism and otherness
Om Sri Ramchritmanas : the Manas lake brimming over with the exploits of Sri Ram : with Hindi text and English translation
Sur's Ocean : poems from the early tradition
A season on the earth : selected poems of Nirala
Before the divide : Hindi and Urdu literary culture
The Bījak of Kabir
The petition to Rām : Hindi devotional hymns of the seventeenth century
Hindi literature : trends & traits
Mīrā Bāī and her padas
In the dark of the heart : songs of Meera
A death in Delhi : modern Hindi short stories
Transcript of papers presented at a workshop chiefly on Hindi and Urdu poetry; covers the period, 9th to 19th century.
A weaver named Kabir : selected verses with a detailed biographical and historical introduction
The present tense in modern Hindi fiction
The Rasikapriy−a of Keshavad−asa
Ekadash : a selection of contemporary writing
The life of a text : performing the Rāmcaritmānas of Tulsidas
The Laghukathā : a historical and literary analysis of modern Hindi prose genre
Songs of Kabir
Bṛhat viśva sūkti koś = [Encyclopaedia of quotations in three volumes]
The Walls of Delhi : three stories
Selected couplets from the Sakhi in transversion : 400-odd verses in iambic tetrameter stanza form
Studies in Skanda Purāna. Part 3, Vol. 2, Pilgrimage (holy spots & temples )
The first published anthology of Hindi poets : Thomas Duer Broughton's Selections from the popular poetry of the Hindoos 1814
Studies in Skanda Purāna. Part 2, (Education, economic life, religion & philosophy)
Hindi literature in the twentieth century
Clear light of day
Anthology of didactic poems in Hindi; with editorial introduction.
Complete works of Goswami Tulsidas. Vol. 4, Dohavili : an anthology of verses on dharma and morality
Complete works of Goswami Tulsidas. Vol. 2, Vinaya Patrika (a letter of Plaint)
The devotional poems of Mīrābāī
Kabir : the weaver of God's name
The Golden waist-chain : a selection of Hindi short stories
A history of classical poetry : Sanskrit, Pali, Prakrit
South Asian texts in history : critical engagements with Sheldon Pollock
Poem on Ayurvedic medicine.
Folklore of Rajasthan
India in translation through Hindi literature : a plurality of voices
The poems
Deliverance and other stories
Tracing the boundaries between Hindi and Urdu : lost and added in translation between 20th century short stories
Mahadevi Varma and the Chhayavad age of modern Hindi poetry
The Talisman : stories and poems in Hindi and in English
The walls of Delhi : three stories
Nirguṇ bhakti sāgar = Devotional Hindī literature : a critical edition of the Pañc-Vāṇī or five works of Dādū, Kābir, Nāmdev, Raidās, Hardās with the Hindī songs of Gorakhnāth and Sundardās, and a complete word-index. Vol. 2
Vikram and the vampire, or tales of Hindu devilry
Nirguṇ bhakti sāgar = Devotional Hindī literature : a critical edition of the Pañc-Vāṇī or five works of Dādū, Kābir, Nāmdev, Raidās, Hardās with the Hindī songs of Gorakhnāth and Sundardās, and a complete word-index. Vol. 1
The Hindī songs of Nāmdev
No other world : selected poems
Padumāvatī : a linguistic study of the 16th century Hindi (Avadhi)
An empire of books : the Naval Kishore Press and the diffusion of the printed word in colonial India
Hindi literature of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries
Complete works of Goswami Tulsidas. Vol. 1, Ramacharitmanasa
Widows, wives and other heroines : twelve stories
Swami Sahajanand and the peasants of Jharkhand : a review from 1941 : an edited translation of Jharkhand ke kisan with the original Hindi text and an introduction, endnotes, and glossary
Complete works of Goswami Tulsidas. Vol. 6, Minor works
Girirāj Kiśor's Yātrāeṁ : a Hindi novel analysed
