http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p291 personality traits
personality traits
Toward a psychology of being
Adjustment and personality
Left-handedness : laterality characteristics and their educational implications
Teacher-pupil relationships
Quick guide to the 16 personality types in organizations : understanding personality differences in the workplace
A psychological typology of successful entrepreneurs
Personality traits
Character builders : positive attitudes and peacemaking for primary children : a program to enhance positive attitudes and peacemaking skills pre-school through third grade
Entrepreneurs with no business education building companies: how do they succeed? : can anyone be an entrepreneur?
Curious : the desire to know & why your future depends on it
Type A behavior
With an English summary.
Attitude and Divergence in Business Students: An Examination of Personality Differences in Business and Non-Business Students
The person : an introduction to the science of personality psychology
Introvert power : why your inner life is your hidden strength
Thinking in pictures : and other reports from my life with autism
The early history of the idea of the inheritance of acquired characters and of pangenesis
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
Who do you think you are? : explore your many-sided self with The Berkeley Personality Profile
Ego is the enemy
Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back. Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his­tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con­quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well. In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.
Impulsivity, health behaviour and depression : a prospective study
Personality types and creativity orientations of managers
Personality and work stress : the role of Five-Factor Model traits and cynicism in perceptions of stressful work characteristics
Associations between personality traits and sleep quality and quantity among young adults
Personality and transformational leadership : perspectives of subordinates and leaders
Personality : classic theories and modern research
Now, discover your strengths : how to develop your talents and those of the people you manage
"Who am I?" "How do I fit in the world around me?" This revealing and innovative book demonstrates that each of us discovers what is true and meaningful, in our lives and in ourselves, through the creation of personal myths. Challenging the traditional view that our personalities are formed by fixed, unchanging characteristics, or by predictable stages through which every individual travels, The Stories We Live By persuasively argues that we are the stories we tell. Informed by extensive scientific research--yet highly readable, engaging, and accessible--the book explores how understanding and revising our personal stories can open up new possibilities for our lives.
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
Faces in the crowd : individual studies in character and politics
Effects of personal traits on Generation Y consumers' attitudes toward the use of mobile devices for communication and commerce
English school achievements and some student characteristics. 2, On the relationships of motivational and auditory variables to English school achievements : final analyses
Snoop : what your stuff says about you
Raising your spirited child : a guide for parents whose child is more intense, sensitive, perceptive, persistent, and energetic
All my friends are superheroes
How to master personality questionnaires : the essential guide
The scientific study of human nature : tribute to Hans J. Eysenck at eighty
Handbook of moral and character education
Bridging cognition and personality in education : the role of style in performance and development
Lovebirds : how to live with the one you love
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue"--
The role of causal attribution and self-focused attention for shyness
7 skills that will catapult your career
I'm stuck, you're stuck : break through to better work relationships and results by discovering your DiSC behavioral style
Assholes : a theory
The highly sensitive person's survival guide : essential skills for living well in an overstimulating world
Six action shoes
On the evolution of personality : insights from contemporary Western humans
Maxim Gorky : romantic realist and conservative revolutionary
Applicants in a real-life selection context : their personality types, reactions to the process, and faking
Individual differences in parenting : the five-factor model of personality as an explanatory framework
Kids who laugh : how to develop your child's sense of humor
Studies on the bases of sexual attraction and its variants
Personality structure and measurement
Issues in socially desirable responding and personality research
The varieties of temperament : a psychology of constitutional differences
Paranormal, superstitious, magical, and religious beliefs
Personality traits and ways of coping : their characteristics and interrelations
The presentation of self in everyday life
APA handbook of personality and social psychology. Vol. 4, Personality processes and individual differences
Human types : essence and the enneagram
Single subject research : applications in educational and clinical settings
An introduction to personality, individual differences and intelligence
The structure of human personality
The Person provides psychologists with an organizational scheme for personality psychology. This sets the study of the person into evolutionary and cultural context and divided personality up into three broad areas: dispositional traits, characteristic adaptations, and integrative life stories. The fifth edition has been updated to reflect advances that have occurred in the field of psychology in the past few years. It presents new findings that have been obtained with respect to the correlates of personality traits, the dynamics of motives and goals in human lives, and the meanings and manifestations of life stories. Discussions are included on the new ideas on evolution and morality as well as the role of culture in personality. Psychologists will also find a much stronger and detailed discussion of psychophysiology of extraversion, neuroticism, and the train of sensation-seeking.
Interpersonal relationships and behaviour : moderation by functional gene variants
On the moderators of trait avoidance motivation in predicting cognitive biases and adjustment
Reading faces : window to the soul?
Distancing : avoidant personality disorder, revised and expanded
Highly sensitive people in an insensitive world : how to create a happy life
The influence of personality on the job performance of key account managers
The structure and validity of self- and peer-reported personality traits
Charisma : seven keys to developing the magnetism that leeds to success
Life course approach to the development of hostility and anger : family origins in childhood and unemployment in adulthood
Personality : readings in theory and research
The introvert advantage : how to thrive in an extrovert world
The psychology of strength
Personality : measurement and theory
The personal intelligences : promoting social and emotional learning
The psychology of the Chinese people
Characteristics of teachers : their description, comparison, and appraisal : a research study
Developing the leader within you
The sensitive self
Introduction to personality and intelligence
Personality traits between puberty and adolescence : their relationships, development and constancy with reference to their relation to school achievement
A living philosophy of education
Children's self-reflection ability and its relations to the word meaning structure : signs of life beyond the five-point scale format
Who are you meant to be? : a groundbreaking step-by-step process for discovering and fulfilling your true potential
Personality characteristics and functional capacity in depression and anxiety disorders
The art of being kind
Can animals and machines be persons? : a dialogue
The first abortion - and the last ? : a study of the personality factors underlying repeated failure of contraception
Highly intuitive people : 7 right-brain traits to change the lives of intuitive-sensitive people
Personality development : theoretical, empirical and clinical investigations of Loevinger's conception of ego development
Personality traits in the blue tit
Perception of privacy in smartphone applications : profiling users based on personality traits
Differentiation through personality types : a framework for instruction, assessment, and classroom management
The 7 keys of charisma
Dimensions of personality
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue   Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back.  Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his&shy;tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con&shy;quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well.  In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.""--
The narcissist test : how to spot outsized egos... and the surprising things we can learn from them
Summary in estonian.
Personality characteristics of research volunteers
Personality disorders in modern life
A source book for the study of personality and politics
The second edition of this popular textbook builds on the strengths of the first, continuing its reputation for clarity, accessibility, conceptual sophistication and panoramic coverage of personality and intelligence. The authorship team is enriched by the addition of two high-profile international scholars, Luke Smillie and John Song, whose expertise broadens and deepens the text. New to this edition: - Chapters exploring the neurobiological, genetic and evolutionary foundations of personality; and emotion, motivation and personality processes - An enhanced coverage of personality disorders - A thoroughly revised and extended section on intelligence which now addresses cognitive abilities and their biological bases; the role of intelligence in everyday life; and emotional intelligence - A brand new companion website that includes a substantial test bank and lecture slides. An Introduction to Personality, Individual Differences and Intelligence, Second Edition is a key textbook for all psychology students on a personality or individual differences course.
Personality and adjustment
The stories we live by : personal myths and the making of the self
The 16 personality types : descriptions for self-discovery
