http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29165 youth services
youth services
Children and families in communities : theory, research, policy and practice
Nurses' acceptance of an Internet-based support system in the care of adolescents with depression
Empowerment and participation in youth work
Grassroots youth work : policy, passion and resistance in practice
Social work with multicultural youth
Personal, portable, pedestrian : mobile phones in Japanese life
Social work and the European community : the social policy and practice contexts
In today's society, many young people feel marginalised and unable to find their own voice. It is vital therefore that youth workers are able to work with them to tackle this in a meaningful way. Drawing on the real experiences and difficulties faced by youth workers, this book will help those who want to work with young people in an empowering way. The concepts of empowerment and participation are explained, explored and critically analysed, along with the key notion of resilience. This is backed up by activities and case studies which help to bring together the theory and the practice.
Specialist mental healthcare for children and adolescents : hospital, intensive community, and home based services
The evaluator's cookbook : exercises for participatory evaluation with children and young people
Working with young people in Europe : what we can learn from our neighbours
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Designing mental health services and systems for children and adolescents : a shrewd investment
Quality guidelines for adolescent psychiatry
The Finnish government's child and youth policy programme 2007-2011
Abstract.
The Oxford handbook of criminology
Deviant peer influences in programs for youth : problems and solutions
Youth work : preparation for practice
"A comprehensive range of services for young people requiring more intensive mental health services is being developed and this book explores what works in Child and Adolescent Mental Health (CAMHS) at this level.Specialist Mental Healthcare for Children and Young People looks at intensive outpatient and community services; assertive outreach teams; inpatient residential and secure provision; or other highly specialised assessment, consultation and intervention services. Based on the best available evidence, each chapter provides research summaries and an overview of available treatments. It outlines emerging good practice guidance, service models, assessment, and training and workforce development requirements. Case studies and the views of children, young people and their families or carers are incorporated throughout. This accessible text is essential reading for professionals including psychiatrists, psychologists, nurses, therapists, social workers and teachers working in specialist CAMHS services, as well as all those studying for qualifications in child and adolescent mental health"--Provided by publisher.
Youth in context : frameworks, settings, and encounters
Deutsch-englisches Glossar der Jugendhilfe : ein vergleichendes Handbuch = German-English glossary of youth services : a comparative handbook
Developing a youth organization : case Turku YMCA
Crash course in teen services
English summary.
Social problems and the family
Children at psychiatric risk and their families in Bucharest, in the context of 25 years of changes after December 89 ́Romanian revolution
From hidden need to active demand : history of adolescent psychiatry in Finland
The short guide to social work
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Youth in action programme : focus on: participation and information of young people
Youth information and counselling
Adolescent mental health : prevention and intervention
Abstract: Special-needs students' psychiatric treatment chain - multiple constituency evaluation of the need for treatment and the functioning of the treatment.
"Adolescence is a period of rapid growth, maturing individuality, vulnerabilities and fortitude. Fortunately, most youths go through this period of life in a healthy way, but some do not. Adolescent Mental Health: Prevention and Intervention is a concise and accessible overview of our current knowledge on effective treatment and prevention programs for youths who have developed, or are at risk of developing, mental health problems. Ogden and Hagen's introduction to "what works" in the promotion of adolescent mental health addresses some of the most common mental health problems among young people, and how these problems might be prevented or ameliorated through professional and systematic efforts. The volume illustrates contemporary and empirically supported interventions and prevention efforts through a series of case studies, and covers some of the most prevalent mental health conditions affecting today's youth; externalizing, internalizing and drug use problems. Within an ecological and transactional framework, the book discusses how psychopathologies may develop and the risks and protective factors associated with these. The problem-oriented perspective on risk and mental health problems is combined with a focus on social competence and other protective factors. Adolescent Mental Health: Prevention and Intervention will be essential reading for students and practitioners in the fields of child welfare and mental health services, and any professionals working with adolescents at risk of developing mental health problems"--
Youth in society : contemporary theory, policy and practice
Working with children, young people and families
