http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29161 macros
macros
On the use of two stage least squares with principal components : an experiment with a quarterly model
Energetic macromolecular ion impacts on surfaces and secondary electron emission
Technology shocks and employment in open economics
Business cycles and stock market's response to macroeconomic news announcements : evidence from the U.S. stock market 2002–2010
The economics of commercial property market
The impact of macroeconomic factors on hedge fund returns
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
A macroeconomic perspective on education and inequality
Financial cycles, monetary policy and macroprudential policy in the euro area
Aging and the macroeconomy : long-term implications of an older population
Principles of macroeconomics
The impact of U.S. macroeconomic news announcements on bond prices : evidence from U.S. bond markets
Macroeconomics : an introduction to advanced methods
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Do measurement errors in GDP announcements cause output fluctuations?
Effects of macroeconomic news announcements on Finnish sector index returns
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
International finance and open economy macroeconomics
External constraints on macroeconomic policy : the European experience
A critical essay on modern macroeconomic theory
Advanced macroeconomics
Macroeconomics : european edition
Fiscal policy in a two-sector model of a small open economy
Macroeconomic theory
The Stockholm School and the development of dynamic method
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
Characterization of viral nanoparticles and virus-like structures by using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy (FCS)
Macromolecules. 2, Synthesis, materials, and technology
The international transmission of monetary policy in a dollar pricing model
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Countercyclical macroprudential policy is to be strengthened in the euro area. The European Central Bank will be assuming new macroprudential powers, as single banking supervision commences in autumn 2014 and the countercyclical buffer requirement is due to be introduced in all euro area countries no later than the beginning of 2016. Even so, a significant part of euro area macroprudential policy will continue in the future to be the responsibility of national authorities. In the operating environment of the single monetary policy, euro area Member States will be able to support their own and the area's economic stability and to improve the financial system's resilience to crises through pursuing robust national macroprudential policies..
Bad luck or wrong policies? : external shocks, domestic adjustment, and the growth slowdown in Latin America and the Caribbean
Biophysical chemistry. Part 3, The behavior of biological macromolecules
Global finance and the macroeconomy
The theory of macroeconomic policy
"The United States is in the midst of a major demographic shift. In the coming decades, people aged 65 and over will make up an increasingly large percentage of the population: The ratio of people aged 65+ to people aged 20-64 will rise by 80%. This shift is happening for two reasons: people are living longer, and many couples are choosing to have fewer children and to have those children somewhat later in life. The resulting demographic shift will present the nation with economic challenges, both to absorb the costs and to leverage the benefits of an aging population. Aging and the Macroeconomy: Long-Term Implications of an Older Population presents the fundamental factors driving the aging of the U.S. population, as well as its societal implications and likely long-term macroeconomic effects in a global context. The report finds that, while population aging does not pose an insurmountable challenge to the nation, it is imperative that sensible policies are implemented soon to allow companies and households to respond. It offers four practical approaches for preparing resources to support the future consumption of households and for adapting to the new economic landscape"-- Publisher's summary.
European banking sector options' reaction to scheduled European macroeconomic news announcements and ECB Governing Council meetings
Nonlinearities in exchange rate : evidence from smooth transition regression model
Readings in macroeconomics
Rational expectations in macroeconomics : an introduction to theory and evidence
An empirical study for the relationship of chinese stock market and macroeconomic indicators
Prices and quantities : a macroeconomic analysis
Essays on the currency effect on stock market relationships and stock return forecast
Physical chemistry of macromolecules
Macroeconomics : theory, performance, and policy
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Investment : theories and analysis
Studies on the macroeconomics of monetary union
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
The Holy Grail of macroeconomics : lessons from Japan's great recession
Does a wait and see approach to European integration shelter the industrial base of small countries?
Advanced modern macroeconomics : analysis and application
Close-up and macro photography
We provide a brief overview of recent developments in the Indian macroeconomy, including aspects of the real economy, price developments, and monetary and fiscal policies.The picture that emerges is one of a rapidly growing economy, supported by strong domestic demand and credit flows.The economic boom has dragged the current account into deficit, while output growth has broadened to encompass the industrial sector.Fiscal deficit ratios have recently declined due to a rapid increase in the level of GDP, but public sector imbalances remain high, constraining necessary investments in health, education, physical infrastructure and overall poverty reduction. Keywords: India, economic growth, monetary policy, fiscal policy .
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
Cation binding resorcinarene bis-crowns: the effect of lower rim alkyl chain length on crystal packing and solid lipid nanoparticles
Nutritional status in commercial currant fields
Promoting competition in Finnish grocery trade : case: Kaufland Stiftung & Co. KG
Technology shocks and employment in open economies
The relevance of accuracy for the impact of macroeconomic news on volality
Lecture notes on two-period models in macroeconomics
Whatever happened to macro-economics?
Lectures on macroeconomics
Causal relationship between macroeconomic variables and stock market prices in US
Increasing air humidity - a climate trend predicted for northern latitudes - alters the chemical composition of stemwood in silver birch and hybrid aspen
Money and totality : a macro-monetary interpretation of Marx's logic in capital and the end of the 'transformation problem'
Information and coordination : essays in macroeconomic theory
Relevance of technical and fundamental analyses in currency portfolio management
A growing body of empirical evidence suggests that a positive technology shock leads to a temporary decline in employment. A two-country model is used to demonstrate that the open economy dimension can enhance the ability of sticky price models to account for the evidence. The reasoning is as follows. An improvement in technology appreciates the nominal exchange rate. Under producer-currency pricing, the exchange rate appreciation shifts global demand toward foreign goods away from domestic goods. This causes a temporary decline in domestic employment. If the expenditure-switching effect is sufficiently strong, a technology shock also has a negative effect on output in the short run.
The new classical macroeconomics : conversations with the new classical economists and their opponents
India's recent macroeconomic developments
Essays on the macroeconomic effects of taxation
Exposure of Finnish property returns to macroeconomic variables
Price-earnings ratio and influence factors : evidence from China
Macroeconomics : a European perspective
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Why most birds are small – a macro-ecological approach to the evolution of avian body size
Essays in quantitative macroeconomics
Relationship between stock return and macroeconomic variables in vietnamese stock market : an application of VAR and VECM
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
Self-assembly in supramolecular systems
