http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2917 traffic casualties
traffic casualties traffic fatalities
The gallow's bird
After the wreck, I picked myself up, spread my wings, and flew away
If I stay : a novel
Abstract.
Turn of mind
Playing dead : mock trauma and folk drama in staged high school drunk-driving tragedies
Nordic alcohol statistics 2003-2010
The birthday present
Abstract: Crash violence within the traffic system : risks and their reduction on regional and connecting roads.
Car crashes and dead end careers : leisure pursuits of the Finnish subculture of the kortteliralli street racing
Traffic injuries in South Sweden : with special reference to medico-legal autopsies of car occupants and value of safety belts
Animal-vehicle collisions : from knowledge to mitigation
Death among reindeer caused by traffic in Finland during 1976-80
Crash
Anybody out there
Summary.
If I stay
The longest ride
A young man dies in a car crash - accident or suicide? An unnamed writer with an agenda of his own sets out to piece together Samuel's story. Through conversations with friends, relatives and neighbours, a portrait emerges of the loving grandchild, the reluctant bureaucrat, the contrived poser, the loyal friend who would do anything for his girlfriend Laide and share everthing with his best friend Vandad. Until Vandad, broke and desperate to get closer to Samuel, drives a wedge between them and loses them both.
Tieliikenneonnettomuudet = Road traffic accidents. 2004.
Drunken driving : a risk factor for premature death
The effect of road-kills on amphibian populations
The mourning for Diana
Lake country
Applications of treatment effects models and semiparametric estimation
The last time they met
Willow
Crash violence within the road transport system : summary report
Toxicological abuse profile of new recreational drugs in driving-under-the-influence and post-mortem cases in Finland
Traffic safety of vulnerable road users in urban areas.
The number of ways in which humans interact with animals is almost incalculable. From beloved household pets to the steak on our dinner tables, the fur in our closets to the Babar books on our shelves, taxidermy exhibits to local zoos, humans have complex, deep, and dependent relationships with the animals in our ecosystems. In Displaying Death and Animating Life, Jane C. Desmond puts those human-animal relationships under a multidisciplinary lens, focusing on the less obvious, and revealing the individualities and subjectivities of the real animals in our everyday lives.
The prison of perspective
Scared to death : from BSE to global warming - how scares are costing us the earth
Hour of the wolf : an inspector Van Weeteren mystery
Manual 2000 : life choices for the future you want
The stranger
90 minutes in heaven : a true story of death and life
Whatever you love
Winter solstice
The dog, Ray
Displaying death and animating life : human-animal relations in art, science, and everyday life
Grassroots memorials : the politics of memorializing traumatic death
Elsewhere
Suicide methods in Finland
Everything I don't remember
