http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29118 Bengalis
Bengalis
Burhi aur kaddu = Buri and the marrow
Pather Panchali : song of the road : a Bengali novel
Bangla Academy Bengali-English dictionary
The origin and development of the Bengali language. Part 1-2, Part 1: Introduction, phonology; Part 2: Morphology, Bengali index
Lakshmikanta : a chapter in the social history of Bengal
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 16, pt. 7-A, West Bengal & Sikkim. Handicrafts survey monograph, 3.
Bengali theatre
An ethnographic study of a community of shoemakers and their transformations under India's economic liberalisation.
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 16, pt. 7-A, West Bengal & Sikkim. Handicrafts survey monograph, 4.
Pundits and elephants : being the experiences of five years as governor of an Indian province
Caste, class and the raj : (a study of the Bengali society in transition in the colonial age)
The forest goddess
Corpus of critical writings, chiefly relating to Indic literature.
The stupid tiger and other tales
THE HERALD OF SPRING
History of Bengali literature
Catalogue of the Bengali and Assamese manuscripts in the Library of the India Office
An etymological dictionary of Bengali : c. 1000-1800 A.D
Pre-partition political upheavals in Bangladesh
Chowringhee
An intensive course in Bengali : dialogues, drills exercises, vocabulary and grammar
Carey's A dictionary of the Bengali language (Bengali-English) : in which the words are traced to their origin and their various meanings given. 1-2
Calcutta mosaic : essays and interviews on the minority communities of Calcutta
Personality : lectures delivered in America
The play of the gods : locality, ideology, structure, and time in the festivals of a Bengali town
My kind of girl
The modern anthropology of India : ethnography, themes and theory
Jīmūtavāhana's Dāyabhāga : the Hindu law of inheritance in Bengal
Global issues, local contexts : the Rabi Das of West Bengal
Partner in empire : Dwarkanath Tagore and the age of enterprise in eastern India
An alphabetical list of words with their respective contexts and frequencies in Rabindranāth Tagore's poem "Mānasī" = Rabindoranāto Tagoru no shi "Yume miru onna" no shiyō hindo bunmyakufu goihyō
Descriptive ethnology of Bengal
Interpreter of maladies : stories
Rites of spring : Gājan in village Bengal
Amulets as agents in the prevention of disease in Bengal
The "Gandhians" of Bengal : nationalism, social reconstruction and cultural orientations 1920-1942
Language of the underworld of West Bengal
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 16, pt. 7-A, West Bengal & Sikkim. Handicrafts survey monograph, 12.
Churchill's secret war : the British Empire and the ravaging of India during World War II
Modern textbook in Bengali as foreign language
Unaccustomed earth
Lumoojatar : intialaisia runoja Suomesta = Enchantress: Indian poems on Finland
Gitanjali : (song offerings) : a collection of prose translations made by the author from the original bengali
"Provides a solid empirical support for developing tools and systems for morphological analysis, morphological generation, lexical decomposition and lexical composition for Bengali language for machine learning and language teaching"--
Teach yourself Bengali
Night of the gods : Durgā pūjā and the legitimation of power in rural Bengal
The tribes and castes of Bengal. Vol. 2, Ethnographic glossary
Some songs and poems from Rabindranath Tagore
A dictionary, Bengali and Sanskrit : explained in English, and adapted for students of either language; to which is added an index serving as a reserved dictionary
Bengal 1920-1947. Vol.1, The land question
The gift of a virgin
Singing to the goddess : poems to Kālī and Umā from Bengal
Introduction to Bengali. Pt. 1, [A basic course in spoken Bengali, with emphasis upon speaking and understanding the language]
The experience of poverty : fighting for respect and resources in village India
Bengal peasant life : Folk tales of Bengal. Recollections of my school-days
The tribes and castes of Bengal. Vol. 1, Ethnographic glossary
A short outline of Bengali phonetics
Study conducted at Janta village of Bankura District in West Bengal, India.
A short Bengali-English, English-Bengali dictionary
Handicrafts survey monograph on lac ornaments
A peep through the Hazarduary Palace of Murshidabad
Bengali for foreigners : basic grammar, basic vocabulary with sentences, secondary vocabulary, English-Bengali transliteration
Knowing India : colonial and modern constructions of the past : essays in honor of Thomas R. Trautmann
Learn Bengali yourself
Bengali language. 5, Rabindranth Tagore's poem: Kathā o kāhinī
Sri Aurobindo birth centenary library : de luxe edition. 4, Writings in Bengali including editorials from Dharma
The cultures of history in early modern India : Persianization and Mughal culture in Bengal
In other words
Bengali language : historical grammar
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 16, pt. 6, West Bengal. Village survey monograph, 1.
The origin and development of the Bengali language. Part 3 , Part 3: Supplementary: additions and corrections etc., Bengali index
Tribal history of Eastern India
The art of Mithila : ceremonial paintings from the ancient kingdom
Bengali : a complete course for beginners
Redeeming Calcutta : a portrait of India's imperial capital
Folklore and historical process = Folklor i povijesni proces
Mother of my heart, daughter of my dreams : Kālī and Umā in the devotional poetry of Bengal
History of modern Bengali literature : nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Vocabulary of peculiar vernacular Bengali words
The black hole of empire : history of a global practice of power
Milet bilingual visual dictionary : English - Bengali
The Brahmans, theists and Muslims of India : studies of goddess-worship in Bengal, caste, Brahmaism and social reform, with descriptive sketches of curious festivals, ceremonies, and faquirs
An introduction to colloquial Bengali
White saris and sweet mangoes : aging, gender, and body in North India
English-English-Bengali dictionary
Early Bengali prose : Carey to Vidyāsāgar
Students' favourite dictionary (Bengali to English) : includes all Bengali words, current, colloquial, and literary, compound words, phrases, idioms, technical terms in current use, new coinages, proverbs, proper names and their English equivalents, with illustrations of their idiomatic use
The gift of money : rearticulating tradition and market economy in rural West Bengal
Essays on Middle Bengali literature
Lichen flora of Sundarbans Biosphere Reserve, West Bengal
Bengal cats : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, breeding, health care, and behavior
Eloquence in trouble : the poetics and politics of complaint in rural Bangladesh
Bangla Academy English-Bengali dictionary
A descriptive study of Bengali words
A series of reflections on the author's experiences learning a new language and living abroad, in a dual-language edition.
Crafts of West Bengal
On the history and architecture of a nineteenth century palace of the Nawab of Murshidabad, India, with brief biographies of its occupants until 1963.
Bengali and Japanese folk rhymes - a comparative study in oral tradition
Pilgrimage in the Hindu tradition : a case study of West Bengal
Bengali literature in the nineteenth century, 1757-1857
Progressive English-Bengali concise dictionary
Samsad Bengali-English dictionary
The blue mutiny : the indigo disturbances in Bengal, 1859-1862
New histories of the Andaman Islands : landscape, place and identity in the Bay of Bengal, 1790-2012
Social profile of Tarakeswar : study of a pilgrim town in West Bengal
The sound of silent guns and other essays
Means of awakening : gender, politics and practice in rural India
Power in print : popular publishing and the politics of language and culture in a colonial society, 1778-1905
In praise of Krishna : songs from the Bengali
This is a complete reference guide to Bengali grammar. The book presents a fresh, accessible and thorough description of the language, concentrating on the real patterns of use in modern Bengali.
Poetry from Bengal : the delta rising : an anthology of modern Bengali poetry
Report of the ninth session of the Committee for the Development and Management of Fisheries in the Bay of Bengal : Jakarta, Indonesia, 18-20 January 1995 = Rapport de la neuvième session du Comité pour le développement et l'aménagement des pêches dans le golfe du Bengale : Jakarta, Indonésie, 18-20 janvier 1995
Green and gold : stories and poems from Bengal
The Ganges delta and its people
Language history of the Kamta and Cooch Behar Religion
Contributed articles.
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 16, pt. 7-A, West Bengal & Sikkim. Handicrafts survey monograph, 1.
History of Bengali language and literature : (a series of lectures delivered as reader to the Calcutta University)
The Bangladesh reader : history, culture, politics
The Mirror of the sky : songs of the Bauls from Bengal
Selected writings on literature and language
Appropriation of a folk-heroine : Radha in medieval Bengali Vaishnavite culture
Bengali poetry issue
The eighteenth century in India
Samsad Bengali-English Dictionary : revised & enlarged second edition
