http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29174 Middle Persian language
Middle Persian language Pahlavi language
Early Persian lexicography : farhangs of the eleventh to the fifteenth centuries
Ardā Wirāz Nāmag : the Iranian "Divina Commedia"
Zand-ākāsīh : Iranian or greater Bundahišn
A Tajik Persian reference grammar
Studies on the poetry of Anvari
Theoretical approaches to the transmission and edition of Oriental manuscripts : proceedings of a symposium held in Istanbul, March 28-30, 2001
Glossary of Pahlavi Vendidad
The Iranian languages
A concise Pahlavi dictionary
A manual of Pahlavi. 1, Texts, Alphabets, Index, Paradigms, Notes and Introduction
A reader in Manichaean Middle Persian and Parthian : texts with notes
Patronage and poetry in the Islamic world : social mobility and status in the medieval Middle East and Central Asia
The Pahlavi rivāyat of Āturfarnbag and Farnbag-srōš. Vol. 1
Miscellaneous hymns : Middle Persian and Parthian hymns in theTurfan Collection
Among the great works of world literature, perhaps one of the least familiar to English readers is the Shahnameh, the national epic of Persia. This prodigious narrative, composed by the poet Ferdowsi between the years 980 and 1010, tells the story of pre-Islamic Iran, beginning in the mythic time of Creation and continuing forward to the Arab invasion in the seventh century. As a window on the world, Shahnameh belongs in the company of such literary masterpieces as Dante's Divine Comedy, the plays of Shakespeare, the epics of Homer--classics whose reach and range bring whole cultures into view. In its pages are unforgettable moments of national triumph and failure, human courage and cruelty, blissful love and bitter grief. Now Dick Davis, the greatest modern translator of Persian poetry, has revisited that poem, turning the finest stories of Ferdowsi's original into an elegant combination of prose and verse.--From publisher description.
Spiritual verses : the first book of the Masnavi-ye Maʻnavi
The vocabulary of Sasanian seals
Studies in the Pahlavi grammar
Panegyric poetry, in both Arabic and Persian, was one of the most important genres of literature in the medieval Middle East and Central Asia. Jocelyn Sharlet argues that panegyric poetry is important not only because it provides a commentary on society and culture in the medieval Middle East, but also because panegyric writing was one of the key means for individuals to gain social mobility and standing during this period. This is particularly so within the context of patronage, a central feature of social order during these times. Sharlet places the medieval Arabic and Persian panegyric firmly within its cultural context, and identifies it as a crucial way of gaining entry to and movement within this patronage network. This is an important contribution to the fields of pre-modern Middle Eastern and Central Asian literature and culture.
Shahnameh : the Persian book of kings
