http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2915 condensation
condensation
Oxygen supply to plant roots in cultivated mineral soils
Building Services Engineering
Process steam systems : a practical guide for operators, maintainers, and designers
Advances in soil dynamics. Vol. 1
Controlled traffic cropping systems for management of soil compaction : 22nd International horticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 16, 1986
Effect of soil compactness on the growth and quality of carrot
Effect of Cirsium arvense L. on soil physical properties and crop growth
Response of seedbed physical properties, soil N and cereal growth to peat application during transition to conservation tillage
NJF seminar 448 : Soil compaction - effects on soil functions and strategies for prevention : House of Science and Letters, Helsinki, Finland, 6-8 March 2012
Impact of water and external forces on soil structure : selected papers of the 1st Workshop on soilphysics and soilmechanics, Hannover 1988
VDI heat atlas
Effect of clay soil strength and structure on root penetration and crop yield
Collembola and Gamasina - bioindicators for soil compaction
Methods for measurement of soil aeration
Over-compaction of soils on Scottish farms : a survey
Thermal diffusion factors for binary gas systems at low pressures : estimation from theory
Excavators and backhoe loaders as base machines in logging operations
Effects of traffic and fertilization levels on grass yields in northern Norway
Machinery-induced compaction of arable soils : incidence, consequences, counter-measures
Soil compaction in crop production
A room-temperature fabrication method for microwave dielectric Li2MoO4 ceramics and their applicability for antennas
Root growth dynamics in golf greens with different compression intensities and winter survival
Compressive behaviour of the soil in buffer zones under different management practices in Finland
Response of P, K, Mg and NO3-N contents of carrots to irrigation, soil compaction, and nitrogen fertilisation
Mass transfer : from fundamentals to modern industrial applications
Impacts of forest harvesting related soil disturbance on end-of-rotation wood quality and quantity in a New Zealand radiata pine forest
From nanoclusters to climate forcers : global modeling of aerosol climate effects
Response of clay soil macroporosity to stress caused by tracked tractors
The effect of mechanization on soil propreties - historical perspective and future requirements
From DNA sequence to chromatin organization : the fundamental role of genomic long-range correlations
Advances in soil dynamics. Vol. 2
Macro- and microscale gaseous diffusion in a Stagnic Luvisol as affected by compaction and reduced tillage
Managing soil quality : challenges in modern agriculture
Effects of soil compaction and lime on yield and soil parameters on three silty clay loam soils in south eastern Norway
The transport phenomena problem solver : momentum, energy, mass
Building services engineering
Long-term soil compaction due to high axle load traffic
This work presents a method for the fabrication of Li₂MoO₄ ceramics at room-temperature based on utilizing a small amount of water with Li₂MoO₄ powder. The densification of the ceramic takes place during pressing. Thus the shape and size of the final ceramic compact can easily be managed by controlling the mould dimensions and the amount of material. Post-processing at 120 °C is applied to remove residual water from the compact. This post-processing temperature can be chosen to be suitable to the other materials integrated, such as the substrate or electrodes, as long as the post-processing time is adequate to remove the residual water. The dielectric properties (relative permittivity of 5.1 and a loss tangent value of 0.00035 at 9.6 GHz) after optimization of the powder particle size, sample pressing pressure, and post-processing time were similar to those achieved for Li₂MoO₄ ceramics fabricated by sintering at 540 °C.The dielectric properties of Li₂MoO₄ ceramics were also modified using composite methods. For example, an addition of 10 volume-% of BaTiO₃ increased the relative permittivity from 6.4 to 9.7 and the loss tangent value from 0.0006 to 0.011 at 1 GHz. To investigate the thermal dependence of the permittivity, different amounts of rutile TiO₂ were incorporated into a Li₂MoO₄ ceramic matrix fabricated with the method described in this work. As the amount of TiO₂ increased from 10 to 30 volume-%, the thermal coefficient of permittivity decreased from 180 ppm/°C to -170 ppm/°C. The low processing temperature made the fabrication approach introduced here feasible for silver electrode integration without the formation of extra phases, which were observed in sintered samples with similar compositions in another study.A patch antenna was realized utilizing a Li₂MoO₄ ceramic disk fabricated by the room-temperature method. The antenna operating at ~4 GHz showed reasonably good performance. A relative humidity of 80% lowered the resonant frequency by 3.25% from the initial value, and reduced the total and radiation efficiencies of the antenna by ~2 dB. The changes were slowly reversible. Use of a silicone conformal coating reduced the shift of the resonant frequency to 1.26% from the initial value and also reduced the effect on efficiencies to ~1 dB. The use of the coating also speeded up the reversibility of the changes when the humidity was decreased.
Effect of shear stress on soil compaction
Thermal separation technology : principles, methods, process design
