http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29115 political psychology
political psychology
'The capacity to affect and to be affected'. This simple definition opens a world of questions – by indicating an openness to the world. To affect and to be affected is to be in encounter, and to be in encounter is to have already ventured forth. Adventure: far from being enclosed in the interiority of a subject, affect concerns an immediate participation in the events of the world. It is about intensities of experience. What is politics made of, if not adventures of encounter? What are encounters, if not adventures of relation? The moment we begin to speak of affect, we are already venturing into the political dimension of relational encounter. This is the dimension of experience in–the–making. This is the level at which politics is emergent. In these wide–ranging interviews, Brian Massumi explores this emergent politics of affect, weaving between philosophy, political theory and everyday life. The discussions wend their way 'transversally': passing between the tired oppositions which too often encumber thought, such as subject/object, body/mind and nature/culture. New concepts are gradually introduced to remap the complexity of relation and encounter for a politics of emergence: 'differential affective attunement', 'collective individuation', 'micropolitics', 'thinking–feeling', 'ontopower', 'immanent critique'. These concepts are not offered as definitive solutions. Rather, they are designed to move the inquiry still further, for an ongoing exploration of the political problems posed by affect. Politics of Affect offers an accessible entry–point into the work of one of the defining figures of the last quarter century, as well as opening up new avenues for philosophical reflection and political engagement.
The politics of affect
This book is an introductory textbook on sexual politics and an original contribution to the reformulation of social and political theory. In a discussion of, among other issues, psychoanalysis, Marxism and feminist theories, the structure of gender relations, and working class feminism, the author has produced a work of synthesis and scholarship which should be of interest to students and professionals in sociology, politics, women's studies and to anyone interested in the field of sexual politics.
Value orientation, awareness of consequences, and environmental concern
Leaders and their followers in a dangerous world : the psychology of political behavior
Psychoanalysis and politics : exclusion and the politics of representation
New trends in Russian political mentality : Putin 3.0
Culture of fear revisited : risk-taking and the morality of low expectation
Democratic culture and moral character : a study in culture and personality
Desolation and enlightenment : political knowledge after total war, totalitarianism, and the Holocaust
"We don't understand the reactionary mind. As a result, argues Mark Lilla in this timely book, the ideas and passions that shape today's political dramas are unintelligible to us. The reactionary is anything but a conservative. He is as radical and modern a figure as the revolutionary, someone shipwrecked inthe rapidly changing present, and suffering from nostalgia for an idealized past and an apocalyptic fear that history is rushing toward catastrophe. And like the revolutionary his political engagements are motived by highly developed ideas. Lilla unveils the structure of reactionary thinking, beginning with three twentieth-century philosophers--Franz Rosenzweig, Eric Voegelin, and Leo Strauss --who attributed the problems of modern society to a break in the history of ideas and promoted a return to earlier modes of thought. He then examines the enduring power of grand historical narratives of betrayal to shape political outlooks ever since the French Revolution. These narratives are employed to serve different, and sometimes expressly opposed, ends. They appear in the writings of Europe's right-wing cultural pessimists and Maoist neocommunists, American theoconservatives fantasizing about the harmony of medieval Catholic society and radical Islamists seeking to restore a vanished Muslim caliphate. The revolutionary spirit that inspired political movements across the world for two centuries may have died out. But the spirit of reaction that rose to meet it has survived and is proving just as formidable a historical force. We live in an age when thetragicomic nostalgia of Don Quixote for a lost golden age has been transformed into a potent and sometimes deadly weapon. Mark Lilla helps us to understand why"--
Omega : journal of death and dying
International conflict and national public policy issues
The political system matters : social psychology and voting behavior in Sweden and the United States
The psychology of terrorism
Political psychology : cultural and crosscultural foundations
Explorations in political psychology
Public sphere and experience : toward an analysis of the bourgeois and proletarian public sphere
Gender and power : society, the person and sexual politics
Faces on the ballot : the personalization of electoral systems in Europe
Religion and psychology : new research
The Oxford handbook of political psychology
The Oxford handbook of contextual political analysis
The international self : psychoanalysis and the search for Israeli-Palestinian peace
Political psychology : journal of the International Society of Political Psychology
Persuasion and politics : the social psychology of public opinion
One of the key shifts in contemporary politics is the trend towards greater personalization. Collective actors such as political parties are losing relevance. Citizens are slowly dealigning from these actors, and individual politicians are therefore growing in importance in elections, in government, within parties, and in media reporting of politics. A crucial question concerns how this new pattern could be restructuring politics over the long run - notably, whether the personalization of politics is changing the institutional architecture of contemporary democracies. The authors show that the trend towards personalization is indeed changing core democratic institutions. Studying the evolution of electoral systems in thirty-one European democracies since 1945, they demonstrate that, since the 1990s, there has been a shift towards more personalized electoral systems. Electoral systems in most European countries now allow voters to express preferences for candidates, not just for political parties. And the weight of these voters' preferences in the allocation of seats has been increased in numerous countries. They examine the factors that appear to be driving this evolution, finding that the personalization of electoral systems is associated with the growing gap between citizens and politics. Politicians and legislators appear to perceive the personalization of electoral systems as a way to address the democratic malaise and to restore trust in politics by reducing the role of political parties in elections. The book also shows, however, that whether these reforms have had any success in achieving their aims is far less clear.
Israeli war widows : beyond the glory of heroism
Political parties, parliaments and legislative speechmaking
"This edited textbook brings together broad and cutting-edge coverage of the core areas in media psychology for undergraduate, introductory-level students. Covering persuasion and influence, interaction with the media, and representation, the authors draw on specific campaigns and studies to introduce readers to key issues in this fascinating field".
Political psychology : classic and contemporary readings
Political psychology : neuroscience, genetics and politics
The problem of forming social capital : why trust?
Human reliability analysis methods for probabilistic safety assessment
Hypnotic leadership : leaders, followers, and the loss of self
Reason, ideology and politics
Human needs and politics
Judgments, decisions, and public policy
Personal identity, national identity and international relations
"In Strangers in Their Own Land, the renowned sociologist Arlie Hochschild embarks on a thought-provoking journey from her liberal hometown of Berkeley, California, deep into Louisiana bayou country--a stronghold of the conservative right. As she gets to know people who strongly oppose many of the ideas she famously champions, Hochschild nevertheless finds common ground and quickly warms to the people she meets--among them a Tea Party activist whose town has been swallowed by a sinkhole caused by a drilling accident--people whose concerns are actually ones that all Americans share: the desire for community, the embrace of family, and hopes for their children. Strangers in Their Own Land goes beyond the commonplace liberal idea that these are people who have been duped into voting against their own interests. Instead, Hochschild finds lives ripped apart by stagnant wages, a loss of home, an elusive American dream--and political choices and views that make sense in the context of their lives. Hochschild draws on her expert knowledge of the sociology of emotion to help us understand what it feels like to live in "red" America. Along the way she finds answers to one of the crucial questions of contemporary American politics: why do the people who would seem to benefit most from "liberal" government intervention abhor the very idea?"--
Image bite politics : news and the visual framing of elections
The psychology of politics
Psychology, relativism and politics
Political psychology
Fear has become an ever-expanding part of life in the West in the twenty-first century. We live in terror of disease, abuse, stranger danger, environmental devastation and terrorist onslaught. We are bombarded with reports of new concerns for our safety and that of our children, and urged to take greater precautions and seek more protection. But compared to the past, or to the developing world, people in contemporary Western societies have much less familiarity with pain, suffering, debilitating disease and death. We actually enjoy an unprecedented level of personal safety. When confronted with events like the destruction of the World Trade Centre, fear for the future is inevitable. But what happened on September 11th 2001 was in many ways an old fashioned act of terror, representing the destructive side of the human passions. Frank Furedi argues that the greater danger in our culture is the tendency to fear achievements representing a more constructive side of humanity. We panic about GM food, about genetic research, about the health dangers of mobile phones. The facts often fail to support the scare stories about new or growing risks to our health and safety. Our obsession with theoretical risks is in danger of distracting society from dealing with the old-fashioned dangers that have always threatened our lives. In this new edition, Furedi relates his own thinking on the sociology of fear to the thought of earlier thinkers such as Darwin and Fred and to the sociological tradition of Durkheim, C. Wright Mills, Anthony Giddens and others.
Constructing the political spectacle
Contemporary political thought : a critical study
Strangers in their own land : anger and mourning on the American right
Impersonal influence : how perceptions of mass collectives affect political attitudes
The whisperers : private life in Stalin's Russia
Psychology and the political experience
Social psychology of political and economic cognition
Environmental policy, assessment and communication
Environment, ethics, and behavior : the psychology of environmental valuation and degradation
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
Reasoning and choice : explorations in political psychology
Power, politics, and the ego
The psychology of war and peace : the image of the enemy
Environmental problems and human behavior
Non-representational theory : space, politics, affect
The shipwrecked mind : on political reaction
Political ponerology : a science on the nature of evil adjusted for political purposes
The economy of esteem : an essay on civil and political society
Psychology and politics : and other essays
"Why do some Members of Parliament (MPs) take the parliamentary floor and speak more than others? Why do some MPs deviate more than others from the ideological position of their party? This book develops hypotheses on legislative speechmaking and evaluates them by analysing parliamentary debates in seven European democracies: Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Norway and Sweden. Assuming that MPs are concerned with policy-making, career advancement, and re-election, the authors discuss various incentives to taking the floor, and elaborate on the role of gender and psychological incentives in speechmaking. They test their expectations on a novel dataset that covers information on the number of speeches held by MPs and on the ideological positions MPs adopted when delivering a speech. "--
Handbook of political psychology
Fear of enemies and collective action
The psychology of genocide : perpetrators, bystanders, and rescuers
Psychological governance and public policy : governing the mind, brain and behaviour
What makes individuals with divergent and often conflicting interests join together and act in unison? Fear of enemies and collective action explores how the fear of external threats shapes political groups at their founding and helps preserve them by consolidating them in times of crisis. It develops a theory of 'negative association' that examines the dynamics captured by the maxim 'The enemy of my enemy is my friend' and then traces its role from Greek and Roman political thought, through Machiavelli and the reason of state thinkers, and Hobbes and his emulators and critics, to the realists of the twentieth century. By focusing on the role of fear and enmity in the formation of individual and group identity, this book reveals an important tradition in the history of political thought and offers new insights into texts that are considered familiar. This book demonstrates that the fear of external threats is an essential element of the formation and preservation of political groups and that its absence renders political association unsustainable.
Emotions and sociology
Measures of political attitudes
The New York times complete Civil War, 1861-1865
Elements of reason : cognition, choice, and the bounds of rationality
Labyrinth : an essay on the political psychology of change
Character assassination throughout the ages
Political psychology : key readings
Understanding terrorism : psychosocial roots, consequences, and interventions
Small groups and political behavior : a study of leadership
The psychopath test : a journey through the madness industry
Political reasoning and cognition : a Piagetian view
Victors and victims in the fiction of Margaret Atwood
Campaigning for hearts and minds : how emotional appeals in political ads work
Psychology and politics : an introductory reader
Challenging subjects : critical psychology for a new millennium
Emotions in politics : the affect dimension in political tension
Multiculturalism and intergroup relations : psychological implications for democracy in global context
Introduction to political psychology
Psychopathology and politics
Theory and evidence in comparative politics and international relations
Psychology and social policy
The closed world : computers and the politics of discourse in Cold War America
The social psychology of politics
"Prompted by the 'affective turn' within the entire spectrum of the social sciences, this books brings together the twin disciplines of political psychology and the political sociology of emotions to explore the complex relationship between politics and emotion at both the mass and individual level with special focus on cases of political tension. A role call of contributors from across the world and at the forefront of academic research in both disciplines combine the historical, cultural and socio-psychological conceptualizations of the political sociology of emotions with the study of opinion-making and electoral choice that characterises political psychology which previous studies have considered in isolation. The result is a compelling collection that sheds new light on the role of emotion in politics through analysis that covers both the micro and macro levels and as such is important reading for students and scholars of both political psychology and the sociology of emotions"--
The process of government : a study of social pressures
Thinking about political psychology
The political psyche
