http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29113 functional equations
functional equations
Navier-Stokes equations
Inverse scattering problems for the nonlinear Schrödinger operator in one and two dimensions
Solutions of difference equations and meromorphic functions of finite logarithmic order
A short course on spectral theory
Mathematics for engineers : a modern interactive approach
The complete idiot's guide to calculus
Schaum's outlines calculus
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of Laplace transforms
Complex differential and functional equations : Proceedings of the Summer School held in Mekrijärvi, July 30 - August 3, 2000
Complex analysis and differential equations : proceedings of the Marcus Wallenberg Symposium in Honor of Matts Essén, held in Uppsala, Sweden, June 15-18, 1997
Applications of integral estimates to inner functions and differential equations
Essential MATLAB for scientists and engineers
Results on functional difference equations in the complex plane
The calculus of finite differences
Riccati equations for H[sup ääretön] discrete time systems. Part 2
Geometric function theory and non-linear analysis
Exact solutions of a Dirac equation with a varying CP-violating mass profile and coherent quasiparticle approximation
Functioning in the real world : a precalculus experience
Finely superharmonic functions of degenerate elliptic equations
Mathematical methods for scientists and engineers
On the sectorial oscillation theory of f"+ A(z)f=0
Minimization problems for Lipschitz functions via viscosity solutions
Harnack's inequality for degenerate and singular parabolic equations
Theory of functionals and of integral and integro-differential equations
Hyperharmonic cones and hyperharmonic morphisms
Introduction to number theory
Essential mathematics for economic analysis
Painleve differential equations in the complex plane
Existence, uniqueness and qualitative properties of absolute minimizers
Differential fields and complex differential equations
Volterra and integral equations of vector functions
An introduction to nonlinear functional analysis and elliptic problems
The advanced calculus problem solver
Student solutions manual and study guide for Advanced engineering mathematics, ninth edition
Degenerate and singular parabolic equations have been the subject of extensive research for the last 25 years. Despite important achievements, the issue of the Harnack inequality for non-negative solutions to these equations, both of p-Laplacian and porous medium type, while raised by several authors, has remained basically open. Recently considerable progress has been made on this issue, to the point that, except for the singular sub-critical range, both for the p-laplacian and the porous medium equations, the theory is reasonably complete. It seemed therefore timely to trace a comprehensive overview that would highlight the main issues and also the problems that still remain open. The authors give a comprehensive treatment of the Harnack inequality for non-negative solutions to p-laplace and porous medium type equations, both in the degenerate (p>2 or m>1) and in the singular range (1 2 or 01), starting from the notion of solution and building all the necessary technical tools. The book is self-contained. Building on a similar monograph by the first author, the authors of the present book focus entirely on the Harnack estimates and on their applications: indeed a number of known regularity results are given a new proof, based on the Harnack inequality. It is addressed to all professionals active in the field, and also to advanced graduate students, interested in understanding the main issues of this fascinating research field.
Functional analysis
Numerical recipes in C : the art of scientific computing
Regularised integrals, sums and traces : an analytic point of view
Proceedings of the Workshop on Complex Analysis and its Applications to Differential and Functional Equations : in the honour of Ilpo Laine's 70th birthday
Oscillation theory of higher order differential equations in the complex plane
The MATLAB handbook
Advanced engineering mathematics
The analysis of linear partial differential operators. 1, Distribution theory and Fourier analysis
Advanced engineering mathematics : a new edition of further engineering mathematics
Functional analysis : fundamentals and applications
Mathematics for engineers
Introduction to non-linear algebra
Electrical impedance tomography and Faddeev Green's functions
Meromorphic solutions of difference Painlevé equations
Methods of modern mathematical physics. 2, Fourier analysis, self-adjointness
The present volume develops the theory of integration in Banach spaces, martingales and UMD spaces, and culminates in a treatment of the Hilbert transform, Littlewood-Paley theory and the vector-valued Mihlin multiplier theorem. Over the past fifteen years, motivated by regularity problems in evolution equations, there has been tremendous progress in the analysis of Banach space-valued functions and processes. The contents of this extensive and powerful toolbox have been mostly scattered around in research papers and lecture notes. Collecting this diverse body of material into a unified and accessible presentation fills a gap in the existing literature. The principal audience that we have in mind consists of researchers who need and use Analysis in Banach Spaces as a tool for studying problems in partial differential equations, harmonic analysis, and stochastic analysis. Self-contained and offering complete proofs, this work is accessible to graduate students and researchers with a background in functional analysis or related areas.
An introduction to chaotic dynamical systems
Special functions for scientists and engineers
Navier-Stokes equations and nonlinear functional analysis
Engineering Mathematics : a modern foundation for electronics, electrical and control engineers
Linear and nonlinear inverse problems with practical applications
The Integrals of Lebesgue, Denjoy, Perron, and Henstock
Functional spaces for the theory of elliptic partial differential equations
Nevanlinna theory in several complex variables and diophantine approximation
Spectral analysis of differential operators : interplay between spectral and oscillatory properties
"Regularization techniques" is the common name for a variety of methods used to make sense of divergent series, divergent integrals, or traces of linear operators in infinite-dimensional spaces. Such methods are often indispensable in problems of number theory, geometry, quantum field theory, and other areas of mathematics and theoretical physics. However arbitrary and noncanonical they might seem at first glance, regularized sums, integrals, and traces often contain canonical concepts, and the main purpose of this book is to illustrate and explain this. This book provides a unified and self-contained mathematical treatment of various regularization techniques. The author shows how to derive regularized sums, integrals, and traces from certain canonical building blocks of the original divergent object. In the process of putting together these "building blocks", one encounters many problems and ambiguities caused by various so-called anomalies, which are investigated and explained in detail. Nevertheless, it turns out that the corresponding canonical sums, integrals, sums, and traces are well behaved, thus making the regularization procedure possible and manageable.
Discretizations of generalized random variables with applications to inverse problems
The analysis of linear partial differential operators
Oscillation of functions and self-improving reverse integral inequalities
Mathematical methods for physicists
Functional analysis : an elementary introduction
On superharmonic functions and applications to Riccati type equations
Optimal regularity of solutions to Poisson equations on metric measure spaces and an application
Applications of quantum groups to conformally invariant random geometry
The goal of this work is to present the principles of functional analysis in a clear and concise way. The first three chapters of Functional Analysis: Fundamentals and Applications describe the general notions of distance, integral and norm, as well as their relations. The three chapters that follow deal with fundamental examples: Lebesgue spaces, dual spaces and Sobolev spaces. Two subsequent chapters develop applications to capacity theory and elliptic problems. In particular, the isoperimetric inequality and the Pólya-Szegő and Faber-Krahn inequalities are proved by purely functional methods. The epilogue contains a sketch of the history of functional analysis, in relation with integration and differentiation.
Analysis in Banach spaces. Volume I, Martingales and Littlewood-Paley theory
Functional analysis, Sobolev spaces and partial differential equations
Numerical methods : analysis, algebra, ordinary differential equations
On the topological degree for a class of mappings of monotone type and applications to strongly nonlinear elliptic problems
Nonlinear differential equations in ordered spaces
Essentials of trigonometry
Symposium on Complex Differential and Functional Equations : papers from the Symposium in honor of Ilpo Laine's 60th birthday held in Joensuu, October 14-15, 2002
Lyapunov exponents : proceedings of a workshop held in Bremen, November 12-15 1984
Partial differential equations and complex analysis
This book introduces functional analysis at an elementary level without assuming any background in real analysis, for example on metric spaces or Lebesgue integration. It focuses on concepts and methods relevant in applied contexts such as variational methods on Hilbert spaces, Neumann series, eigenvalue expansions for compact self-adjoint operators, weak differentiation and Sobolev spaces on intervals, and model applications to differential and integral equations. Beyond that, the final chapters on the uniform boundedness theorem, the open mapping theorem and the Hahn-Banach theorem provide a stepping-stone to more advanced texts. Many examples illustrate the new notions and results. Each chapter concludes with a large collection of exercises, some of which are referred to in the margin of the text, tailor-made in order to guide the student digesting the new material. Optional sections and chapters supplement the mandatory parts and allow for modular teaching spanning from basic to honors track level.
Level set methods and dynamic implicit surfaces
Partial differential equations : an introduction
Elementary functional analysis
Modern nonlinear equations
Sobolev spaces : with applications to elliptic partial differential equations
The aim of this book is to provide a comprehensive account of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory and its relations with Diophantine approximation theory for graduate students and interested researchers. This book with nine chapters systematically describes Nevanlinna theory of meromorphic maps between algebraic varieties or complex spaces, building up from the classical theory of meromorphic functions on the complex plane with full proofs in Chap. 1 to the current state of research. Chapter 2 presents the First Main Theorem for coherent ideal sheaves in a very general form. With the preparation of plurisubharmonic functions, how the theory to be generalized in a higher dimension is described. In Chap. 3 the Second Main Theorem for differentiably non-degenerate meromorphic maps by Griffiths and others is proved as a prototype of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory. Establishing such a Second Main Theorem for entire curves in general complex algebraic varieties is a wide-open problem. In Chap. 4, the Cartan-Nochka Second Main Theorem in the linear projective case and the Logarithmic Bloch-Ochiai Theorem in the case of general algebraic varieties are proved. Then the theory of entire curves in semi-abelian varieties, including the Second Main Theorem of Noguchi-Winkelmann-Yamanoi, is dealt with in full details in Chap.6. For that purpose Chap.5 is devoted to the notion of semi-abelian varieties. The result leads to a number of applications. With these results, the Kobayashi hyperbolicity problems are discussed in Chap.7. In the last two chapters Diophantine approximation theory is dealt with from the viewpoint of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory, and the Lang-Vojta conjecture is confirmed in some cases. In Chap.8 the theory over function fields is discussed. Finally, in Chap.9 the theorems of Roth, Schmidt, Faltings, and Vojta over number fields are presented and formulated in view of Nevanlinna theory with results motivated by those in Chaps. 4, 6, 7.
Wavelets and singular integrals on curves and surfaces
Engineering mathematics : a modern foundation for electronics, electrical and system engineers
The chemistry maths book
Functional analysis and differential equations in abstract spaces
Elements of the theory of functions and functional analysis
Differential subordinations : theory and applications
