http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2924 insectivores
insectivores
Summary: The composition of herbivorous insect fauna on Betula pubescens s. lat. and B. glandulosa was studied by netting at Narssaq in the subarctic area of Greenland...
The role of insectivorous birds in forest ecosystems : proceedings of a symposium The Role of Insectivorous Birds in Forest Ecosystems, held July 13 and 14, 1978 in Nacogdoches, Texas
Defoliation by the common pine sawfly (Diprion pini) and subsequent growth reduction in Scots pine : a retrospective approach
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores. 2 : diurnal variation in the usability of leaves for Oporinia autumnata and Dineura virididorsata
Notes on herbivorous insects of the birch in southern Greenland
Responses of Scots pine to nickel and copper exposure and herbivory
The ecology and evolution of the host plant relationships among willow-feeding sawflies
Resource allocation among growth, herbivore resistance and reproduction in birch : a developmental perspective
The interrelationships of the mammalian genera. Volume 1, Monotremata, Marsupialia, Insectivora, Chiroptera, Endentata
Forest dynamics and disturbance regimes : studies from temperate evergreen-deciduous forests
Catalogue of Mammalia in the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 1, Primates, Prosimiæ, Chiroptera, and Insectivora
Atmospheric impacts on growth, secondary chemistry and herbivore resistance of birch and willow
Plant-insect interactions on silver birch under a warming climate : a latitudinal translocation experiment
Notes on the anterior dentition and skull of Proterixoides (Mammalia: Insectivora: Dormaaliidae), and a new dormaaliid genus from the Early Uintan (Middle Eocene) of southern California
Abstract: Birch leaves collected in the morning supported growth of Oporinia autumnata (Lep., Geometridae), whose larval period is in early summer, better than leaves collected in the evening...
Effects of clear-cutting and selective felling in Swedish Boreal coniferous forest : response of invertebrate taxa eaten by birds
Insect and bird interactions
Climate change and genetically modified insecticidal plants : plant-herbivore interactions and secondary chemistry of Bt Cry I Ac-Toxin producing oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) under elevated CO2 or O3
Volatile-mediated plant-to-plant interactions and the effects of an ozone polluted environment
Population dynamics of forest insects
Karyoptypes of certain small mammals (Insectivora, Rodentia) from Macedonia = Kariotipi nekaterih malih sesalcev (Insectivora, Rodentia) Makedonije
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 5, Rodent ecology. Applied theriology. Insectivores. Bats
Leaf quality and leaf chewers : an experimental approach to variation in the mountain birch-insect herbivore system
