http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29272 Somali language literature
Somali language literature
Dhig oo dheh Soomaaliga. 1, Somali and English
The travels of Igal Shidad = Safarada Cigaal Shidaad : a Somali folktale
Cawaale iyo Ceebla oo dalka Kanada u soo qaxay  =  Awale and Ebla moved to Canada
Wacadfur = Breaking the promise
"Completing the trilogy that began with LINKS and KNOTS, Jeebleh returns to Somalia, now in a religionist grip, along with his journalist son-in-law, Malik, and Malik's brother Ahl, who is in search of his stepson-turned-pirate"--
Hankii boqoraddii Arraweelo = The ambition of Queen Arraweelo
Qarad iyo Qori is Maris  =  Qarad and the shapeshilfer
How the meat was divided : folk tales from Somalia = Sidii hilibkii loo qaybiyay
Cawaale iyo Ceebla oo Dalka Kanada u soo qaxay = Awale and Ebla moved to Canada
Crossbones
In the name of our fathers
Somali children's stories : sheekoy sheeko sheeko xariirah = stories stories intriguing stories
War and peace : an anthology of Somali literature = Suugaanta nabadda iyo colaadda
"A gripping new novel from today's "most important African novelist". (The New York Times Review of Books) A dozen years after his last visit, Jeebleh returns to his beloved Mogadishu to see old friends. He is accompanied by his son-in-law, Malik, a journalist intent on covering the region's ongoing turmoil. What greets them at first is not the chaos Jeebleh remembers, however, but an eerie calm enforced by ubiquitous white-robed figures bearing whips. Meanwhile, Malik's brother, Ahl, has arrived in Puntland, the region notorious as a pirates' base. Ahl is searching for his stepson, Taxliil, who has vanished from Minneapolis, apparently recruited by an imam allied to Somalia's rising religious insurgency. The brothers' efforts draw them closer to Taxliil and deeper into the fabric of the country, even as Somalis brace themselves for an Ethiopian invasion. Jeebleh leaves Mogadishu only a few hours before the borders are breached and raids descend from land and sea. As the uneasy quiet shatters and the city turns into a battle zone, the brothers experience firsthand the derailments of war. Completing the trilogy that began with Links and Knots, Crossbones is a fascinating look at individuals caught in the maw of zealotry, profiteering, and political conflict, by one of our most highly acclaimed international writers. "--
