http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2921 religions (belief systems)
religions (belief systems)
Indian religions : renaissance and renewal : the Spalding papers on Indic studies
Stolen innocence : my story of growing up in a polygamous sect, becoming a teenage bride, and breaking free
The complete idiot's guide to life after death
The Impact of Religious Tourism on Nepalese Economy
Dialogic space and religious education
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Religious pluralism and Lutheran theology : papers and report from an LWF-sponsored working group, Geneva, Switzerland, October/November 1986
The abiding book
Storytime Yoga : the treasure in your heart. Yoga and stories for children
Chinese religions
Hinduism and buddhism
Japanese religion : unity and diversity
A handbook of living religions
Japanese Journal of Religious Studies
Encyclopedia of religious rites, rituals, and festivals
The Gods of Olympus : a history
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
The Zin letters : the Kalikos society Gloranthan magazine. 2
A fundamental belief in personal liberty and in the ability of free markets to realise the good lies at the heart of the neoliberal economic orthodoxy that has now shaped public policy for a generation. Confidence in orthodox economics has, however, been badly shaken by the financial crisis of 2008 and, in the years following, by the effects of the Great Recession. The era of casino banking was not only an era of de-industrialisation and under-employment, but also of iniquitous tax avoidance schemes, and of grotesquely inflated levels of social inequality. Such factors, we now realise, have reduced the life-prospects of millions of our fellow-citizens. This interdisciplinary volume of essays, with wide-ranging contributions by theologians and social scientists, explores the theological, economic, and moral implications of these developments. Its central claim is that neoliberalism's failure to appreciate the limitations of its fiduciary commitments contributed massively to the economic crisis. A more honest appraisal of the relation between the language of belief and the sphere of economic behaviour is therefore required. This must also result in appropriate policy changes, to harness the power of the economy to serve a more generous vision of the human good.
Dwelling on the borders : self. Text and world
Terrorism and religion : brazilian media’s image of religion inspired terrorism
RuneQuest. Sixth edition
Religious solidarity as a function of social structure and socialization
Australian essays in world religions
Conan : faith and fervour
The religions book
Cults of Glorantha. Volume 1
The Zin letters : the Kalikos society Gloranthan magazine. 3
World religions today
Indian gods and myths
Religion and sacral rulers in the pre-Christian North : b typologisation of religion, cultural evolution, comparison and chiefdom religion
Oxford research encyclopedias. Religion
Revelations
In search of the way? : Kokugaku and its influence on Meiji policies
Lugbara religion : ritual and authority among an East African people
The death of gods in ancient Egypt : an essay on Egyptian religion and the frame of time
On Islam
Religious life and communities
Borders : of boundaries, transitions and transgressions : a response to Gavin Flood
Saint Peter's Fair : the fourth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
The women's land rights movement, customary law and religion in Tanzania
While until quite recently debates in political philosophy on questions of pluralism, tolerance, and liberal governance foregrounded notions of culture and cultural difference, today it is religion that increasingly provides the historical and conceptual resources for the contemporary reassessment of the pragmatic and philosophical conditions for pluralist democracy. Drawing on a few recent writings in the field of political theology, this paper explores some of the analytical directions that this repositioning of religion within contemporary narratives of modernity has opened up within political philosophy. As I seek to demonstrate, the domain of political theology has become the problem space, where the tensions and contradictions between a simultaneous insistence on Europe's secular identity and its Christian one are being elaborated. Through a ceratin double movement, secularism and Christianity have become productively fused within the writings I address, in a way that repeats the story of European exeptionality while inscribing the essential otherness of the Muslim populations within its borders. In the second part of the paper, I want to contrast these reflections from political philosophy with debates in postcolonial Egypt around issues of religion and the possibility of democratic pluralism.
The major religions : an introduction with texts
International journal of sino-western studies
The rebirth of cultural colonialism as religionswissenschaft: Rudolf Otto's Import House
Religious difference and democratic pluralism : some recent debates and frameworks
This text provides a succinct and balanced overview of Japanese religions. Michiko Yusa covers both major and minor Japanese beliefs including: Shinto, Buddhism, Christianity, Taoism and Confucianism.
Communication
Through the eye of a needle : wealth, the fall of Rome, and the making of Christianity in the West, 350-550 AD
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
Europe in the High Middle Ages
Religion in America
The struggle of the Lithuanian Roman Catholic Church to save Vilnius archcathedral
Hinduism and buddhism : an historical sketch : in three volumes. Volume III
Americans and religions in the Twenty-First Century
The Chinese way in religion
Sons of Kargzant : the bloody saga of the Char-Un warlords of Erigia's savage steppe
This text provides a clear and comprehensive introduction to the history of religion in China and its contours in China and Taiwan today. Adler focuses on the four major traditions: Confucianism, Taoism, Buddhism and popular/folk religion.
Religions in Japan : Buddhism, Shinto, Christianity, ..
Muslim immigrants' experiences and expectations in the Finnish health care system
America's religions : traditions and cultures
Dammed divinities : the water powers at Bujagali Falls, Uganda
During his 'world journey' of 1911-1912, Rudolf Otto came to embrace a form of German cultural colonialism which assigned the study of religions a key role. Concern for this colonial program guided his activities unitl the outbreak of World War I, when German colonial ambitions became unrealistic. Although it is difficult to argue that this colonial project had a major impact on Otto's conception of religion, it did alter his scholarly practice with regard to it, transforming him from a liberal systematic theologican into something more akin to whht we know today as a scholar of religions. For 25 years, from 1912 until his death in 1937, much of Otto's professional activity was taken up with importing religions materials from elsewhere, especially from south Asia - mostly texts but also material artefacts. This article reads Otto's colonialism and its rebirth as Religionswissenschaft against the grain of Otto's self-coneption and the coneption of others at the time. While cultural colonialism insisted upon its distance from the activities of the business classes, this article reads those activitites in mercantile terms, In doings so, it suggests that such a re-reading might be profitably applied not just to conceptions of scholarly activity but also to other areas where it has been customary to insist on distance from economic activity, specifically, the way in which scholars of religions have conceived what we usually call religion.
Christianity and digital culture : analysis of users' experiences of the christian social networking site in Taiwan - Walei
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
Songs of Zarathushtra : the Gathas
Religion in the mirror of law : Eastern European perspectives from the early modern period to 1939
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Hinduism for dummies
dents of cultural memory: the crypt and its various analogies to the question of remembrance without memory.
The great and holy war : how World War I changed religion for ever
Toledo guiding principles on teaching about religions and beliefs in public schools
Nine lives : in search of the sacred in modern India
Religion in the Soviet Union
The crypt : probing the obscure administration of cultural memory
Alpha god : the psychology of religious violence and oppression
The ethic of power : the interplay of religion, philosophy, and politics
Islam : the straight path
Food and fasting
Sikhism : a very short introduction
Midnight's children
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
Ten billion days & one hundred billion nights
Who is my neighbour? : world faiths : understanding and communicating
Panthée : religious transformations in the Graeco-Roman Empire
Academic disciplines can be understood as tribes with their own territories (Becher 1989) which are protected from outsiders and invested with power and meaning for those within. The language which scholars use to delineate and distinguish them from one another is replete with spatial metaphor and the language of war and struggle. References to inside/outside, inclusion/exclusion, to boundaries, incursions, incorporation, integration and embrace are frequently made, particularly when scholars write about their own discipline in relation to others. In this article I offer a spatial analysis of discourse about the discipline of religious studies and its relationship to theology. I note the importance in such discourse of the container schema (Lakoff and Johnson 1999) for depicting possible disciplinary relationships and various perspectives on 'religion' as an object of study. A spatial approach offers a clear visual depiction of the views of selected scholars of religion on the relationship of religious studies to theology, whilst also revealing some of the power strategies at work in disciplinary construction. Keywords: Religious studies, Theology, spatial language, academic disciplines.
Judaism and other religions : models of understanding
World religions in war and peace
The Christian concept of 'God' names a category with surprisingly heterogeneous contents. In the Old Testament traditions God is an anthropomorphic agent; in Christian theology God often appears as a personalized metaphysical principle; philosophers of religion try to find the inherent rationality of this concept; finally, some natural scientists regard God as the "intelligent designer" of the world. What is common to all these ideas, covering a time span of about 2,500 years, is that representations of God are triggered by the perception of order and control in the world.
Salvations : truth and difference in religion
Chinese religions : beliefs and practices
Faith matters : case studies from the Faiths in Action Fund
Temenos : studies in comparative religion presented by scholars in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
Gender Caring: The Everyday Construction of Black African Parents in Finland
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
Dictionary of non-christian religions
Reflections on texts and practices in mythology, religion, and research : an introduction
Christianity : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Dictionary of all scriptures and myths
There is a distinct possibility that, in the twenty-first century, Religious Studies as a discipline could come into its own. Its multidisciplinary orientation, if handled with due critical awareness as to its own former grandiose ambitions and present entanglements, could provide insight into the various problems that beset contemporary existence. Religious Studies has been involved in a number of internal debates that have sapped its energies and prevented it from advancing theoretically in ways that would help it address these problems. In this article I survey some of the developments that have taken place in other disciplines that could be of benefit in helping Religious Studies take its place as a discipline that is relevant for the twenty-first century.Keywords: Religious studies, cultural studies, culture, postcolonialism, gender.
Gods & myths of ancient Egypt : an illustrated guide to the mythology, religion an culture
Taoism : the parting of the way
Temenos : Nordic journal of comparative religion
God is not great : how religion poisons everything
Krishna : a jouney within
Japan's religious ferment
Religions of the world : a comprehensive encyclopedia of beliefs and practices. Volume 3, K-R
Religion in the Middle East : three religions in concord and conflict
Under the banner of heaven : a story of violent faith
Voodoo : mounted by the Gods
The Sociology of religion
Religious studies and its relationship with theology : a spatial analysis
The sacred hilltop : a hermeneutical case study on the Svayambhū site in Kathmandu
The broken land
Ethnicity, Religion and Politics in Tanzania : The 2010 General Elections and Mwanza Region
The secret book of sacred things
Visual representations of Christianity in Christian music videos
Death and Mortality - From Individual to Communal Perspectives
The state of muslim girls in physical activities and sport and significance of parenting in islamic perspective : (the case of Central and Southern Finland)
"Far-off gleams of evangelium" : a study of how J. R. R. Tolkien's The lord of the rings reflects the biblical "Kingdom of Heaven"
Religion for atheists : a non-believer's guide to the uses of religion
Neither East nor West : postcolonial essays on literature, culture and religion
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Towards the breaking day : an Ethnography of belian curing rituals among the Luangans of Indonesian Borneo
The Monguors of the Kansu-Tibetan border. Part II, Their religious life
Ancient Egyptian celestial healing : the source codes for high frequency
Religions today : an introduction
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
World cultures and world regions : the coming dialogue
In recent years the term "gender" has been used with many different meaning as well as in applications that are far from consistent. Is this diversity an indication that the term should be abandoned because of such imprecision, or can certain current or purposes, however illdefined, still be discerned? This paper is an investigation of contemporary usages of the term "gender" and the implications that could result for women involved in the study of religion.
The triple package : what really determines success
Gender and religion : a volatile mixture
The opposite house
A history of Chinese confucianism
A new handbook of living religions
A morbid taste for bones : a mediaeval whodunnit
Tobacco and shamanism in South America
Gendered citizenship in Sudan : competing perceptions of women's civil rights within the family laws among northern and southern elites in Khartoum
Revealing the Green Man : the restoration of the oldest religion on planet Earth
Postmodernism, religion, and the future of social work
This article discusses Christian rock videos. Videos from a collection entitled Wow Hits 2002: the year's top Christian music videos are used as examples. The title of the collection declares that the videos are "Christian", and the question asked in the article is how this quality may be seen in the videos. How may the videos be seen as visual representations of Christianity? Using a semiotic framework, two possible types of such representations of Christianity in the videos are discussed. These are references to traditional christian imagery; and the style and appearance of the artists. .
A land more kind than home
An atheist's history of belief : understanding our most extraordinary invention
God : a brief history with a cognitive explanation of the concept
The article focuses on the question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings, with particular reference to the concept Old Norse hof . I survey the semantics of this term in written sources, in poetic traditions, in the Sagas of the Icelanders and in place names. My hypothesis is that the term does not refer to a static phenomenon, but rather its meaning varies across different sources and contexts. It is therefore often difficult to apply it as a general concept, or to connect it with a specific type of archaeological find or structure, as has occasionally been the case in the archaeology of religion.
The article discusses transcendence in music in relation to popular Sufi performances in East Africa, drawing on specific cases from Zanzibar. Based on fieldwork, it examines ways in which music and movement in a structured event or performance can affect the consciousness. This phenomenon is discussed in close connection to its increasing presence in popular music festivals. The article also addresses the latent conflict between the performative Sufi orders of Islamic faith and the more conservative and increasingly silent Muslims.
Mastering world religions
Wiccapedia : a modern-day white witch's guide
Religion and dialogue : (a collection of papers and articles)
The religions of Oceania
Marriage among the religions of the world
A world religions reader
Spirit and truth. Part 2, Appendices
Second World Conference on Religion and Peace : Leuven, Belgium
Japanese religions
The Wisdom of Laotse
Judaism : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Religion and immigration : Migrant faiths in North America and Western Europe
The book of joy
Religion : the basics
Pagan survivals in Mohammedan civilisation
The article discusses methodological similarities and differences between Uno Harva and Mircea Eliade, with the objective of reassessing the value of their comparativist programs for the study of religion in general and of 'religious' cognition in particular. The Finnish scholar Uno Holmberg-Harva (1882-1949) was a predecessor to Eliade as a scholar of Asian and European religious history. During the first three decades of the twentieth century, when the academic study of religion was still maturing in Europe, Harva expanded considerably the field of the ethnological study of religion with his religio-phenomenological monographs Der Baum des Lebens (1922), Finno-Ugric, Siberian Mythology (1927) and Die Religiösen Vorstellungen der Altaischen Völker (1938). Harva was a towering figure in Finnish scholarship. Originally a Protestant theologian and Lutheran minister, he resigned from his ecclesiastical position to become a historian of religion, field ethnographer, ethnosociologist and folklorist under the tutelage of Edward Westermarck and Kaarle Krohn. Harva's influence on the work of Eliade has been almost entirely ignorant by historiographers of Religious Studies.
Angels : messengers of the God
"How you were left to your fate" : the responses of two sisters to the surrounding societies in Brick Lane (2003) by Monica Ali
Music and transcendence: Sufi popular performances in East Africa
The secular outlook : in defense of moral and political secularism
Blooms and blessings : a secular exploration of the role of flowers in religious rituals and ceremonies
The leper of Saint Giles : the fifth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Muslim Immigrants' Experiences And Expectations in the Finnish Healthcare System
The transcendences of listening to music : how listening to Bob Dylan moves his fans
great significance.
Mircea Eliade is, or at least has been, the most heavily crticised scholar of religions. A number of critics have been discontented with his 'uncritical' way of using data to illustrate or assert his insights. It has been said that Eliade's presuppositions about the nature of reality and religion are not scientific but metaphysical or theological. Eliade's sympathisers, on the other hand, have tried to show that he does after all have a method, and that a careful reading demonstrates that either his presuppositions are no more unscientific that those of anyone else or they can be rethought in a scientifically acceptable way. My starting point is both sympathetic and critical. My question is, what is Eliade actually attempting to understand when he states that he wants to understand religion at its own level? He himself states that he wants to unmask the 'revelations' of the sacred, or - as he also says - the transcendent, and their significance for modern man, who has lost his comprehension of both the sacred and its meaning. This he can do, he argues, by recapturing the way in which 'primitive' and 'archaic' cultures and ancient and modern traditions outside mainstream religions have used symbols to establish a patterned, harmonised view of the world, or - as Eliade prefers to say - reality. Both Eliade's critics and his sympathisers presumably agree that Eliade's presuppositions include statements about the 'essence' of religion, about the nature of reality, and about the ways religion operates, or should operate, in human life, or mode-of-being-in-the-world; they also agree that one of Eliade's main concern in religious studies is with symbols. In my article, I deal with these four points (essence, reality, mode-of-being and symbols), proposing a reading of Eliade which emphasises the scholar's encounter with the subject and not the 'essence' of the matter under study. In my conclusion I suggest that studying the ways in which humans use symbols, which they connect with the 'real' to construct a 'mode-of-being' - or, as William Paden put it, a 'world' - is one way of going 'beyond' Eliade.
Buddha, Kami, and human being in Shinko Shukyo religions of Japan
Philosophy as cultural politics
Gods ghosts and men in Melanesia : some religions of Australian New Guinea and the New Hebrides
'Two cultures' in the study of religion? A response to Håkan Rydving
Mediatization and religion : Nordic perspectives
Legitimizing human rights : secular and religious perspectives
Imaginary things: modern myth in Neil Gaiman's "American Gods" (2001)
Method and theory in religious studies : retrospect and prognostications
Disciplinary anxieties in the study of religion
Spirit matters : the worldwide impact of religion on contemporary politics
World religions. Western traditions
After remarking on some common worries that trouble the academic study of religion, the article presents an argument for an anthropocentric stance and analytic preference as the directional compass, or an intellectual alignment, in the disciplinary practices of Religious Studies. At the core of this stance is a 'reductionist' commitment to a corrigible theoretical monism, which is, however, compatible with plural analytics or methodologies. Keywords: Study of religion, theories of religion, disciplinarity .
Cognition and religious phenomena : a response to Håkan Rydving
Religions of the world : a comprehensive encyclopedia of beliefs and practices. Volume 4, S-Z
A comprehensible universe : the interplay of science and theology
The question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings : with particular reference to Old Norse hof
Militant Islam : a sociology of characteristics, causes and consequences
Man's religions
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
African religions and philosophy
Two great spiritual masters share their own hard-won wisdom about living with joy even in the face of adversity. The occasion was a big birthday. And it inspired two close friends to get together in Dharamsala for a talk about something very important to them. The friends were His Holiness the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Desmond Tutu. The subject was joy. Both winners of the Nobel Prize, both great spiritual masters and moral leaders of our time, they are also known for being among the most infectiously happy people on the planet. From the beginning the book was envisioned as a three-layer birthday cake: their own stories and teachings about joy, the most recent findings in the science of deep happiness, and the daily practices that anchor their own emotional and spiritual lives. Both the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Tutu have been tested by great personal and national adversity, and here they share their personal stories of struggle and renewal. Now that they are both in their eighties, they especially want to spread the core message that to have joy yourself, you must bring joy to others. Most of all, during that landmark week in Dharamsala, they demonstrated by their own exuberance, compassion, and humor how joy can be transformed from a fleeting emotion into an enduring way of life.
Not peace but a sword : The great chasm between christianity and islam
The Zin letters : the Kalikos society Gloranthan magazine. 1
Religion in the Japanese experience : sources and interpretations
God and the financial crisis : essays on faith, economics, and politics in the wake of the Great Recession
Relations of Muslims and non-Muslims
It's easier than you think : the Buddhist way to happiness
African religions : symbol, ritual, and community
For God's sake : religion, atheism and why I gave them up
'Remembering God' through religious habits : the daily religious practices of evacuee Karelian orthodox women
Religions of the world : a comprehensive encyclopedia of beliefs and practices. Volume 2, D-J
"The damming of Bujagali Falls, located only 8 kilometers north of the historic source of the White Nile or the outlet of Lake Victoria, has been seen as one of the most controversial dams in modern times. In 2012, the dam was eventually inaugurated after years of anti-dam opposition and delays. A unique aspect of the controversies was the river spirit Budhagaali living in the falls blocking the dam and opposing the destruction of the waterfalls. This spirits embodies a particular healer - Jaja Bujagali, but he was bypassed by another healer who conducted no less than three grandiose appeasement and relocation ceremonies for the Budhagaali spirit clearing the way for the dam. Why has this particular dam been so controversial? How can a water spirit block a nearly billion dollar dam? What was the ritual drama behind the construction of the dam and is it possible to move a spirit? And what happened to Budhagaali and the indigenous religion after the falls were flooded and can a river spirit be drowned in its own element - water?" --Provided by publisher.
The atheist's guide to Christmas
The archaeology of world religions : the background of Primitivism, Zoroastrianism, Hinduism, Jainism, Buddhism, Confucianism, Taoism, Shinto, Islam and Sikhism
The great religions of the modern world : Confucianism, Taoism, Hinduism ..
The book of imaginary beings
City of stairs : a novel
Hinduism and buddhism : an historical sketch : in three volumes. Volume II
Islamophobia and the politics of empire
In many religious traditions bodily practices, that is ritual actions that make use of the body and have a body-related goal, have evolved. Such practices are especially well developed in South- and East Asian traditions, where they have reached a great complexity in Hatha Yoga or in Daoist meditation. This shows that the human body has a major role to play in religions, which is something that is too often overlooked. Several qualities are attributed to the human body in religious thought systems that may be both positive and negative and in the ritual a framework is created that enables to transform the negative qualities into positive ones – for example, in a purification ritual the unpure body or condition is converted into a pure one. Not only singular qualities may be changed in the bodily practices but the whole body. Such a transformation of the body that aims to transcend the limits of the ordinary human body, can be a religious goal in its own right. The bodily practices of self transformation are based on the idea of the body as something unstable and changeable. In the premodern religious thought the body is more than a biological entity. It is a midpoint between a person and the society and the world that finds itself in a constant process of re-construction. It follows that the identity of a person is strongly tied to the body which is in turn related to how a person acts on a daily basis and to whom one is connected to.
The Great Religions of the Modern World : Confucianism, Taoism, Hinduism, Buddhism, Shintoism, Islam, Judaism, Eastern Orthodoxy, Roman Catholicism, Protestantism
Sacred sites of ancient Egypt : an illustrated guide to the temples, tombs and pyramids
World religions. Eastern traditions
Created by some being : theoretical and empirical exploration of adults’ automatic and reflective beliefs about the origin of natural phenomena
The civilization of the South American Indians : with special refenrence to magic and religion
The dominant approach to the study of religion known as the phenomenology of religion's core assumption was that underlying the multiplicity of historical and geographically dispersed religions was an ultimately metaphysical, trans-historical substratum, called 'man', Geist , or 'consciousness'. This transhistorical substratum is an expressive agent with a uniform, essential nature. By reading the data of religion as its 'expressions', it is possible to sympathetically understand their meaning. Geist , or 'man', then, is both a philosophy of history and i hermeneutical theory. It also forms a systematic set of representations, which replicate the structure of the asymmetrical relations between Europeans and those colonized by Europeans. The metanarrative of Geist is a narrative of the supremacy - their term, not mine - of white, Christian Europe over black, 'primitive' Africal and 'despotic' Asia. Spirit moves from the South to the North; away from the East to the West. This paper locates Rudolf Otto's work within the structure and history of phenomenological discourse and argues that the science of religion as described there conforms nearly perfectly to the structures of colonial discourse as this has been discussed and analyzed by theorists such as Jaques Derrida and Edward Said.
Intergenerational transfer of sabbath observance : how is religious tradition transferred to children among Finnish seventh-day adventists?
Life and lifestyles
This book focuses on dealing with questions and concerns regarding long-term and sustainable peaceful relations between Muslims and non-Muslims, in both Muslim majority countries and also western countries where Muslims live as minorities. Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri provides evidences and nuanced interpretations of the concepts 'The Abode of Islam, The Abode of Reconciliation, The Abode of Treaty, The Abode of Peace, and The Abode of War.' Clear definitions of these categories are offered, along with how different countries can and cannot be classified in each of these categories.
Handbook of Japanese mythology
Kindling the native spirit : sacred practices for everyday life
The religion of the Chinese people
Islam : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
God, Allah, and Ju Ju : religion in Africa today
From reality to subject : a sympathetic, yet critical reading of Eliade
Pathfinder : campaign setting : Inner sea gods
In spite of secularist predictions, religion on a global scale has not gone away and shows little sign of dimnishing. Within the context of the renewal of interest in religion and the assertion of religion in the public realm, I seek in this article to explore the ways in which the self has been (and continues to be) formed in religious traditions. Drawing on substantive examples from my work on textual traditions in India and Europe, the article argues that 'religious reading' is central to the formation of religious traditions and the formation of the religious person, and that this has an impact upon discourse in the public realm. The process of religious reading itself occurs in a borderland between text and world and between self and world. Through 'religious reading', or more precisely textual reception, we can understand the ways in which forms of inwardness are constructed in tradition-specific ways and such inwardness too has an impact on public discourse. I therefore attempt to examine three traditional borderlands - between inwardness and externality, between text and world, and between private religion and public governance - in the light of religious reading.
Religionswissenschaft as colonialist discourse : the case of Rudolf Otto
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
The new religions of Japan : a bibliography of westernlanguage materials
World cultures and world religions : [the coming dialogue]
Religions of the world : the illustrated guide to origins, beliefs, traditions & festivals
Effects of Culture on Sexual Health Education in Developing Countries : Empowering Adolescents in Nepal
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
"These guidelines were developed by the ODIHR Advisory Council of Experts on Freedom of Religion or Belief in co-operation with education experts. Aimed at both legislators and schools, they offer guidance on preparing curricula for teaching about religions and beliefs, preferred procedures for assuring fairness in the development of curricula, and standards for how they could be implemented."
Ways of hinduism
Eastern religions and Western thought
Religion as an occupation : A study in the sociology of professions
Sound, music, and the study of religion
African traditional religions : in contemporary society
The religio-magical domain as a bilingual mechanism of culture : Ingrian Lutheranism in the (post) Soviet cultural space
The authors in this volume analyze spiritual kinship in Europe from the end of the Middle Ages to the Industrial Age. Uniquely comparing Catholic, Protestant and Orthodox views and practices, the chapters look at changes in theological thought over time as well as in social customs related to spiritual kinship, including godparenthood.
The ways of religion : an introduction to the major traditions
The reappearance of the Christ and the masters of wisdom
Eerdmans' handbook to the world's religions
Studies in Chinese religion
Religion and mass media : audiences and adaptions
Towards an HIV and AIDS competent church : an ecumenical handbook for defining HIV and AIDS competency
Monk's hood : the third chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Rogerson's book of numbers
One in all : an anthology of religion from the sacred scriptures of the living faiths
The God delusion
Ethics of the great religions : with some account of their origins, scriptures, and practices
The Christ and the faiths
Religion in contemporary Japan
The concept of the body in Chinese and Indian bodily practices : transformation, perspective, and ethics
Why I am not a Christian : four conclusive reasons to reject the faith
Values in conservation : the relationship between values, religion and european society
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
Hajj : journey to the heart of Islam
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
The invisible hand plays dice : multiple equilibria in sects markets
Confronting Confucian understandings of the Christian Doctrine of Salvation : a systematic theological analysis of the basic problems in the Confucian-Christian dialogue
The importance of religion : meaning and action in our strange world
A retrospective methodology for using Landnámabók as a source for the religious history of Iceland? : some questions
This paper describes and discusses nine different categories of 'indicators' that can be taken into consideration when assessing the historicity of accounts in Landnámabók. This presentation is specifically targeted at references to religion and religious practices in Iceland prior to the Christianization of the country. The methodological tools can be adapted to analyse other types of information, other texts, and other traditions.
Spiritual kinship in Europe, 1500-1900
Spirituality in social work : new directions
Hinduism and other eastern religions : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Let there be laughter : A Treasury of Great Jewish Humor and What It All Means
The Nordic countries are now firmly ensconced in academia as gender-friendly welfare states. They are seen as pioneering countries with respect to changes in family life and gender relations and thus present an interesting forum for family research. This paper explores how gender caring relates to gender, religion and parenting in Sub-Saharan African families in the context of immigration to Finland. A constructionist perspective is employed to illuminate how guidelines or scripts established in these parents' cultures are actively used and how they in turn influence their gender relations. Gender caring is conceptualized as an ethic of reciprocity, solidarity and obligation to ensure interdependence and strong bonds among black African parents. The article draws on in-depth interviews conducted with twelve couples mainly in the Helsinki area (which includes Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen).
Getting to know Buddhism
Gods in the global village : the world's religions in sociological perspective
Trolls : a guide to the uz
Religious participation is much more widespread in the United States than in Europe, while Europeans tend to view sects more suspiciously than Americans. We propose an explanation for these patterns without assuming differences in preferences or market fundamentals. We study a religious market where both demand and supply of spiritual services are endogenous. Such markets may have multiple equilibria. Further, equilibria with more sects result in higher welfare and lower membership costs, as secular societies tend to host on average more demanding sects.
Rethinking 'religious' cognition : the Eliadean notion of the sacred in the light of the legacy of Uno Harva
