http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2920 utopias
utopias
Atop Olympus, Miracleman presides over a brave new world forged from London's destruction. It is a world free of war, of famine, of poverty. A world of countless wonders. A world where pilgrims scale Olympus's peak to petition their living god while, miles below, the dead return in fantastic android bodies. It is an Golden Age - but is humanity ready for utopia? / WorldCat.
Impossible worlds
History and utopia
The story of utopias
The practical anarchist : writings of Josiah Warren
A diagnosis of modern life : Robert Musil's Der Mann ohne Eigenschaften as a critical-utopian project
Famous utopias of the renaissance
The epic city : urbanism, utopia, and the garden in ancient Greece and Rome
Globalization and utopia : critical essays
The concept of Utopia
Realistic utopias : the ideal imaginary societies of the Renaissance 1516-1630
Utopia, ancient and modern : contributions to the history of a political dream
Liminality in paradise : a study in utopianism at the Punta Mona community
Utopia as method : the imaginary reconstitution of society
The principle of hope. vol. 1
Miracleman. Book one, The golden age
Privilege and liberty and other essays in political philosophy
Looking backward, 2000-1887
Are there feminist, economic utopian visions amongst feminist economists? What are these visions? Is there a common vision for feminist economics or should there be? Can feminist economics be effective without a utopian vision? Comprehensive and original, this book surveys the entire field of utopian literature; from Plato to the present. Answering a range of questions and written by a rising star in feminist economics it provides explanations of: the different kinds of feminist, the evolution of feminist thought, the development of feminist economics, the history and sources of utopias as a theoretical and/or literary tool. This volume is a must for all students studying the intersection of gender and economics.
Tenses of imagination : Raymond Williams on science fiction, utopia and dystopia
Utopias of the classical world
Encyclopedia of utopian literature
Looking backward 2000-1887
Historical dictionary of utopianism
Modern utopian fictions from H. G. Wells to Iris Murdoch
The end of ideology and utopia? : moral imagination and cultural criticism in the twentieth century
Utopia : Latin text and English translation
Lectures on ideology and utopia
Utopias and the environment
Everyday utopias enact conventional activities in unusual ways. Instead of dreaming about a better world, participants seek to create it. As such, their activities provide vibrant and stimulating contexts for considering the terms of social life, of how we live together and are governed. Weaving conceptual theorizing together with social analysis, Davina Cooper examines utopian projects as seemingly diverse as a feminist bathhouse, state equality initiatives, community trading networks, and a democratic school where students and staff collaborate in governing. She draws from firsthand observations and interviews with participants to argue that utopian projects have the potential to revitalize progressive politics through the ways their innovative practices incite us to rethink mainstream concepts including property, markets, care, touch, and equality. This is no straightforward story of success, however, but instead a tale of the challenges concepts face as they move between being imagined, actualized, hoped for, and struggled over. As dreaming drives new practices and practices drive new dreams, everyday utopias reveal how hard work, feeling, ethical dilemmas, and sometimes, failure, bring concepts to life.
Eutopia : new philosophy and new law for a troubled world
Designing utopia : John Hargrave and the Kibbo Kift
A little history of literature
Aiming for change : intentional communities and ideology in function
Fool's gold? : utopianism in the 21st century
"To be dystopian, a work needs to foreground the oppressive society in which it is set, using that setting as an opportunity to comment in a critical way on some other society, typically that of the author and/or the audience. In other worlds, the bleak dystopian world should encourage the reader or viewer to think critically about it, then to transfer this critical thinking to his or her own world. This volume in the Critical Insights series presents a variety of new essays on the perennial theme"--Publisher description.
The quest for utopia : an anthology of imaginary societies
Medical utopias : ethical reflections about emerging medical technologies
The handmaid's tale
The politics of Utopia : a study in theory and practice
Voyages to utopia : a fictional guide to social philosophy
Five lectures ; Psychoanalysis, politics and utopia
Households of the soul
Utopias on Puget Sound : 1885-1915
Feminist utopias in a postmodern era
Literature and Utopian Politics in Seventeenth-Century England
Patterns of order and Utopia
Millenarianism and messianism in English literature and thought, 1650-1800 : Clark Library lectures, 1981-1982
The seeds of time
Literature and Utopian politics in seventeenth-century England
William Blake and religion : a new critical view
Anarchy, state, and utopia is a foundational text in classical liberal thought, in which Robert Nozick created the intellectual underpinnings for what is now known as libertarianism. In his exhortation to limit the state to only the most minimal possible role, Nozick stirred tremendous controversy in an era predisposed to look to government as the solution to social injustice. When originally published in 1974, Anarchy, State, and Utopia was dismissed by many scholars as nothing more than a paean to the bourgeois status quo. But American politics have changed dramatically since then. Anarchy, State, and Utopia has become ever more relevant since the country has caught up with Nozick's ideas--as Clinton proclaimed, the era of big government is over. With fierce argumentation and meticulous logic, Robert Nozick gave birth to a new way of thinking about the relationship between the citizen and the state.
On language, theology, and utopia
Utopia matters : theory, politics, literature and the arts
Postmodern Utopias and Feminist Fictions
Anarchy, state, and utopia
Dream cities : utopia and prose by poets in nineteenth-century France
Mutations : Rem Koolhaas Harvard project on the city
Les Icariens : the utopian dream in Europe and America
Feminism, economics, and utopia : time travelling through paradigms
Seeds of the kingdom : utopian communities in the Americas
News from nowhere, or, An epoch of rest : being some chapters from a utopian romance
This is a book-length chronological study in English of Christa Wolf's works. It traces the development and continuity of the writer's major themes and concerns against the backdrop of her constantly evolving relationship to Marxism, and documents the rise of her feminist consciousness. It does not, however, focus only on political and feminist issues, but addresses all facets of Wolf's identity by showing how her works reflect her own self-understanding. Forced by the clash between her vision of a humane socialism and the practice of socialism she observed in the German Democratic Republic to reassess her role as a writer and critic, Wolf broke through to her unique style in The Quest for Christa T., a work initially repudiated in the GDR both for its unorthodox subject matter and for its unconventional form. Since then, Wolf has effectively challenged the restrictions placed on writers in the GDR by writing on topics such as the Nazi past (Patterns of Childhood), Romanticism (No Place on Earth), patriarchal attitudes in the GDR (Cassandra) and the Chernobyl nuclear disaster (Störfall).
Globalization, utopia, and postcolonial science fiction : new maps of hope
Utopianism and the sciences, 1880 - 1930
William Morris, the Marxist dreamer
Trans/forming Utopia. Volume 2, The 'small thin story'
Founding fictions : utopias in early modern England
"This brief history connects the past and present of utopian thought, from the first utopias in ancient Greece, right up to present day visions of cyberspace communities and paradise. Explores the purpose of utopias, what they reveal about the societies who conceive them, and how utopias have changed over the centuries Unique in including both non-Western and Western visions of utopia Explores the many forms utopias have taken - prophecies and oratory, writings, political movements, world's fairs, physical communities - and also discusses high-tech and cyberspace visions for the first time The first book to analyze the implicitly utopian dimensions of reform crusades like Technocracy of the 1930s and Modernization Theory of the 1950s, and the laptop classroom initiatives of recent years".
Maps of utopia : H. G. Wells, modernity, and the end of culture
Utopias : a brief history from ancient writings to virtual communities
Abstract: Utopia, alienation and change in Eastern Europe.
Utopia and revolution : on the origins of a metaphor, or some illustrations of the problem of political temperament and intellectual climate and how ideas, ideals, and ideologies have been historically related
Futurescapes : space in utopian and science fiction discourses
The facts rebel : the future of Russia and the West
The communistic societies of the United States : from personal visit and observation
Perfection and progress : two modes of Utopian thought
Tolkien's art : a mythology for England
Ideology and utopia : an introduction to the sociology of knowledge
Pragmatic Utopias : ideals and communities, 1200-1630
Fantasy and social movements
Utopias and the millennium
Liberty
Utopian lights : the evolution of the idea of social progress
Low living and high thinking at Modern Times, New York
Liminal monster and the conflict between human and machine : the Shrike in Dan Simmons' Hyperion and The Fall of Hyperion
The principle of hope. 1
The tessera of Antilia : utopian brotherhoods & secret societies in the early seventeenth century
The end of ideology and utopia? : moral imagination and cultural criticism in the twentieth century: introduction
The New Jerusalem : aspects of utopianism in the thought of Kagawa Toyohiko
Famous utopias : being the complete text of Rousseau's Social contract, More's Utopia, Bacon's New Atlantis, Campanella's City of the sun ; with an introduction by Charles M. Andrews
"This book examines the effect that Moravianism has had on understanding his poetry, and gives special attention to Moravianism and Swedenborgianism and their relation to his sexual politics. This is accomplished by a close reading of Blake's poetry, which examines in detail the subjects of religion, sex, and the attempted colonization of Africa by a Swedenborgian utopian group"--Provided by publisher.
A kingdom not of this world : Wagner, the arts, and utopian visions in fin-de-siècle Vienna
Alternative perspectives of a good society
Scraps of the untainted sky : science fiction, utopia, dystopia
Utopian thought in the western world
Utopianism : a very short introduction
Myths of the plantation society : slavery in the American South and the West Indies
Barthes and utopia : space, travel, writing
Utopia and anti-utopia in modern times
After the future
Gazing in useless wonder : English utopian fictions, 1516-1800
EMF, studies in early modern France. Vol. 4, Utopia 1 : 16th and 17th centuries
Hundreds of writers in the English-speaking world of the seventeenth-century imagined alternative ideal societies. Sometimes they did so by exploring fanciful territories, such as the world in the moon or the nations of the Antipodes; but sometimes they composed serious disquisitions about the here and now, proposing how England or its nascent colonies could be conceived of as an 'Oceana,' or a New Jerusalem. This book provides a comprehensive view of the operations of the utopian imagination in literature from 1603 to the 1660s. Appealing to social theorists, literary critics, and political and cultural historians, this volume revises prevailing notions of the languages of hope and social dreaming in the making of British modernity during a century of political and intellectual upheaval.
Journey through Utopia
Christa Wolf's Utopian Vision : From Marxism to Feminism
Plato, politics, and a practical utopia : social constructivism and civic planning in the Laws
Utopia/dystopia : conditions of historical possibility
Revolutionary writing : common sense essays in post-political politics
Utopia : the potential and prospect of the human condition
The dictionary of alternatives : utopianism and organisation
After the Future explores our century-long obsession with the concept of "the future." Beginning with F. T. Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto" and the worldwide race toward a new and highly mechanized society that defined the "Century of Progress," highly respected media activist Franco Berardi traces the genesis of future-oriented thought through the punk movement of the early '70s and into the media revolution of the '90s. Cyberculture, the last truly utopian vision of the future, has ended in a clash, and left behind an ever-growing system of virtual life and actual death, of virtual knowledge and actual war. Our future, Berardi argues, has come and gone; the concept has lost its usefulness. Now it's our responsibility to decide what comes next. Drawing on his own involvement with the Autonomia movement in Italy and his collaboration and friendship with leading thinkers of the European political left, including Félix Guattari and Antonio Negri, Berardi presents a highly nuanced analysis of the state of the contemporary working class, and charts a course out of the modern dystopian moment. Franco Berardi, better known in the United States as "Bifo", is an Italian autonomist philosopher and media activist. One of the founders of the notorious Radio Alice, a pirate radio station that became the voice of the autonomous youth movement of Bologna in the late 1970s, Bifo is the author of multiple works of theory, including the recently published The Soul at Work and "The Post-Futurist Manifesto".
The literary utopias of cultural communities, 1790-1910
The end on ideology and utopia? : moral imagination and cultural criticism in the twentieth century : introduction
Nowhere was somewhere : how history makes utopias and how utopias make history
Ideal places in history : east and west : international symposium : october 2-5, 1995
Aware of Utopia
Plato's utopia recast : his later ethics and politics
Ernst Bloch and his contemporaries : locating utopian messianism
Utopian England : community experiments, 1900-1945
Venice, myth and Utopian thought in the sixteenth century : Bodin, Postel and the Virgin of Venice
The utopian vision of Charles Fourier : selected texts on work, love, and passionate attraction
News from nowhere or an epoch of rest : being some chapters from a utopian romance
Utopian thought in the Western World
Lay of my land
Famous utopias : being the complete text of Rousseau's Social contract, More's Utopia, Bacon's New Atlantis, Campanella's City of the sun
Utopian and critical thinking
"The book is divided into three parts. Part One includes A Common Writing (1647), the first English attempt at an artificial language, and the equally pioneering phonetic alphabet set out in An Essay Towards an Universal Alphabet (1686). Part Two contains a series of linked short treatises on the nature of religion and divine revelation, including 'Of the Word of God' and 'Of the Use of Reason in Religion', in which Lodwick argues for a new understanding of the Bible, advocates a rational approach to divine worship, and seeks to reinterpret received religion for an age of reason. The final part of the book contains his unpublished utopian fiction, A Country Not Named : here he creates a world in which he expresses his most firmly-held opinions on language and religion, and in which his utopians found a church that bans unedited reading from the Bible. The book gives new insights into the religious aspects of the scientific revolution and throws fresh light on the early modern frame of mind. It is aimed at intellectual and cultural historians, historians of science and linguistics, and literary scholars - indeed, at all those interested in the interplay of ideas, language, and religion in seventeenth-century England." --from inside jacket cover.
The philosophy of utopia
Environment and utopia : a synthesis
The new Atlantis
The badlands of modernity : heterotopia and social ordering
Plato's Republic : a dialogue in sixteen chapters, with a prologue and an epilogue
The liberal utopia of Richard Rorty : a political philosophical quest for a better world and an alternative humanist approach to international relations
Earth perfect? : nature, utopia and the garden
Everyday Utopias : the conceptual life of promising spaces
Transformations of Utopia : changing views of the perfect society
Karelia : a place of memories and utopias
Features essays that underline the mutual indebtedness of travel and utopia in the early modern period, and highlight the rich variety of ways in which writers made use of the prospect of new and ideal worlds. This work showcases the work in the fields of early modern utopian and global studies.
New worlds reflected : travel and utopia in the early modern period
Visions of the future in Germany and America
Men and citizens : a study of Rousseau's social theory
Herbert Marcuse : an aesthetics of liberation
Apocalypse 2000 : economic breakdown and the suicide of democracy 1989-2000
The concept of utopia
The task of Utopia : a pragmatist and feminist perspective
Ta T'ung Shu : the one-world philosophy of K'ang Yu-Wei
La città del sole : dialogo poetico = The city of the sun : a poetical dialogue
Utopia and organization
In these skeptical and disillusioned times, there are nevertheless still groups of people scattered throughout the world who are trying to live out Utopian dreams. In this book, Anna Peterson reflects on the experiences of two very different communities, one inhabited by impoverished former refugees in the mountains of El Salvador and the other by Amish farmers in the Midwestern U.S. What makes these communities stand out among advocates of environmental protection, political justice, and sustainable development is their Roman Catholic social thought, while the Amish adhere to Anabaptist tradition. Peterson examines their community organization, religious life, environmental values, and agricultural practices, and discovers both practical and ideological commonalities in these two comparatively successful and sustainable communities. In the process she sheds light on the process by which people struggle to live according to a transcendent value system, and hence on the actual and potential place of religion in public life. She argues that these rural places, geographically and culturally distant from the lives of most people in the industrialized West, are relevant to urgent political and environmental problems facing the developed world.
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 2, The emergence of the new anarchism (1939-1977)
Utopia for realists : and how we can get there
Utopia and its enemies
Between dream and nature : essays on utopia and dystopia
"When capitalism is clearly catastrophically out of control and its excesses cannot be sustained socially or ecologically, the ideas of Herbert Marcuse become as relevant as they were in the 1960s. This is the first English introduction to Marcuse to be published for decades, and deals specifically with his aesthetic theories and their relation to a critical theory of society. Although Marcuse is best known as a critic of consumer society, epitomised in the classic One-Dimensional Man, Malcolm Miles provides an insight into how Marcuse's aesthetic theories evolved within his broader attitudes, from his anxiety at the rise of fascism in the 1930s through heady optimism of the 1960s, to acceptance in the 1970s that radical art becomes an invaluable progressive force when political change has become deadlocked. Marcuse's aesthetics of liberation, in which art assumes a primary role in interrupting the operation of capitalism, made him a key figure for the student movement in the 1960s. As diverse forms of resistance rise once more, a new generation of students, scholars and activists will find Marcuse's radical theory essential to their struggle"--Publisher's website.
The open conspiracy : what are we to do with our lives?
A different world is possible
The law of freedom and other writings
What if? : explorations in social-science fiction
The utopia reader
Utopia antiqua : readings of the golden age and decline at Rome
Order and transcendence : the role of utopias and the dynamics of civilizations
Architectural inventions : visionary drawnings
The fantastic other : an interface of perspectives
Anarchism and utopianism
Common good, personal pleasure / Kirsi Peltomäki
Utopia & cosmopolis : globalization in the era of American literary realism
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
The principle of hope. vol. 3
Utopia, limited : romanticism and adjustment
The English utopia
Trans/Forming utopia. Volume 1, Looking forward to the end
Postmodern utopias and feminist fictions
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
This study examines feminist speculative fiction from the late twentieth and early twenty-first century, and finds within it a new vision for the future. Rejecting notions of postmodern utopia as exclusionary, Jennifer A. Wagner-Lawlor advances one defined in terms of hospitality, casting what she calls 'imaginative sympathy' as the foundation of utopian desire. Tracing these themes through the works of Atwood, Butler, Lessing and Winterson, as well as those of well-known Muslim feminists such as El Saadawi, Parsipur and Mernissi, Wagner-Lawlor balances literary analysis with innovative extensions of feminist philosophy to show how inclusionary utopian thinking can inform and promote political agency. Examining these contemporary fictions reveals the rewards of attending to a community that acknowledges difference, diversity and the imaginative potential of every human being.
Utopias and utopian thought
Possible worlds : the idea of happiness in the utopian vision of Louis-Sébastien Mercier
The Atlantis dialogue : Plato's original story of the Lost City, Continent, Empire
Sociology, ideology and utopia : socio-political philosophy of East and West
Thomas More's Utopia in early modern Europe : paratexts and contexts
The giver
Searching for Utopia : the history of an idea
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
From utopia to apocalypse : science fiction and the politics of catastrophe
Utopia : the search for the ideal society in the Western World
