http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2929 EU subsidies
EU subsidies
The ESF 2000-2006 : United Kingdom
Portugal : Community support framework 1994-99 : objective 1: structural development and adjustment of regions whose development is lagging behind
European regional incentives : 1991 : directory and review of regional grants and other aid available for industrial and business expansion and relocation in the member states of the European Community and Sweden
Process evaluation of business subsidies in Finland : a quantitative approach
A theory of coordination and its implications on EU structural policy : a comparative study of the challenges for coordination in structural funds in Finland, Ireland, and Sweden
'The financial means embedded in subsidies for unsustainable systems of production and consumption are increasingly well studied and reported. This has led to policy recommendations (e.g. OECD, EU) on how to reform subsidy systems in support of the necessary transitions to a low carbon and ecosystem resilient society based on a strong resource efficient economy. The authors in this book contribute to the debate based on recent, high quality and policy relevant research. It is a timely contribution to a pressing financial issue in environmental policy.'--Hans Bruyninckx , Executive Director of the European Environment Agency. 'Recently the IPCC finished their 5th Assessment report and we see that while emissions continue unabated - and in some areas even increase, relatively little is done in terms of policy making. Instead of sound policies to deal with climate issues, we are still faced with perverse incentives that promote fossil fuels. This book sets itself a very important agenda of trying to find a workable path towards abolishing such subsidies. This is vital reading for all policy makers.'--Thomas Sterner, Visiting Chief Economist, Environmental Defense Fund Professor of environmental economics, University of Gothenburg. 'EU countries increasingly receive recommendations through the European Semester and OECD Environmental Performance Reviews to assess and progressively phase out environmentally harmful subsidies. It is not only a matter of avoiding damage to the environment, it is also a question of transparency, equity, and of eliminating unjustified privileges. Subsidy reform can help reduce public deficits, restore fair market conditions and eliminate distortions in competition. This book is a precious tool for Governments and experts.'--Aldo Ravazzi Douvan, Italian Ministry of Environment, Professor of Sustainable Development at University Roma Luiss. This book sets itself a very important agenda of trying to find a workable path towards abolishing such subsidies. This is vital reading for all policy makers.'--Thomas Sterner, Visiting Chief Economist, Environmental Defense Fund Professor of environmental economics, University of Gothenburg. 'EU countries increasingly receive recommendations through the European Semester and OECD Environmental Performance Reviews to assess and progressively phase out environmentally harmful subsidies. It is not only a matter of avoiding damage to the environment, it is also a question of transparency, equity, and of eliminating unjustified privileges. Subsidy reform can help reduce public deficits, restore fair market conditions and eliminate distortions in competition. This book is a precious tool for Governments and experts.'--Aldo Ravazzi Douvan, Italian Ministry of Environment, Professor of Sustainable Development at University Roma Luiss. 'Tax spending and public subsidies harmful to the environment have attracted high level attention at the Rio and Johannesburg Sustainable Development Conferences, in the context of the Kyoto Protocol and of the Convention on Biological Diversity, in OECD and EU recommendations, and are now firmly on the public agenda. They are often also poorly designed, do not reach their goals, are costly, not transparent and can be inefficient. With the present public budget crises in many countries, rarely has the timing been more favorable to lower such harmful support. The book is thus timely and shows through concrete examples that the reform of harmful public subsidies is possible.'--Guillaume Sainteny, Associate Professor, Ecole Polytechnique, Paris, France. 'In the policy world, there are few opportunities for reforms that can simultaneously benefit the economy, society and the environment. Phasing-out environmentally harmful subsidies is one. It can reduce the burden on government budgets, free up funds for more worthy causes, and reduce perverse incentives to pollute the environment and over-use scarce natural resources. However, subsidy reforms have been notoriously difficult to implement, despite the efforts of organisations like the OECD, IEA, GSI, World Bank and IMF. Reform is hampered by the limited information available on subsidies, their impacts, and who actually benefits from them. This book brings to light the latest information and analysis on environmentally harmful subsidies and reform efforts, pulled together by some of the leading experts on this issue. It is essential reading for any policy maker wanting to ensure a smooth and successful reform of environmentally harmful subsidies.'--Helen Mountford, Deputy Director, OECD Environment Directorate.
The ESF 2000-2006 : Greece
UK cereals, 1993/94 : the impact of the CAP reform on production economics and marketing
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2005 : ten years in the European Union
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2012
The consequences of Less Favoured Area support : a multi-regional CGE analysis for Poland
Policy harmonized approach for the EU agricultural sector modelling
The ESF 2000-2006 : France
On accession to the EU, Poland, one of the most agricultural countries in Europe, became eligible for the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), which it perceived as a chance to develop its rural economy. However, in constructing its Rural Development Programme 2007−2013, Poland directed the largest funding share to Less Favoured Areas (LFA) − a controversial measure, which has been accused of poor targeting and ineffectiveness. We analyse the economic consequences of LFA support for all 16 Polish regions according to Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS2), using a multi-regional computable general equilibrium model with LFA detail.
International antitrust law & policy
Relationship between agricultural and rural development within the context of the European Union's common agricultural policy : the case of Finland
The adaptation of workers to industrial change : European Seminar Toulouse 22 and 23 January 1996 : summary of the debates
Guide to European Community grants and loans : for commerce, industry, local authorities, academic and research institutions
Regional development and regional policy in Finland : summary of the working group report
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2003
Economic value added from EU investment subsidies : evidence from the Finnish fish industry
Åland in the European Union
Regional development programmes 1994 : Ireland
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
Guide to programmes and actions : education and culture
Finnish agricultural support in changes
The structural funds in ... : annual report
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Abstract: The role of objective 5b and 6 rural development projects in developing agriculture.
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2008
The permissibility of indirect environmental taxes and derogations thereof in light of the cumulative criteria for state aid in article 107(1) TFEU
Resources for transport quadrupled in Latvia : EU funds in the Baltics
Life for Natura 2000 : 10 years implementing the regulation
Pledges to reform environmentally harmful subsidies (EHS) have increased over the past few years, at both global and national levels. Paying the Polluter addresses the most important issues to be considered when embarking upon these necessary reforms. In this unique work, leading experts explore the definition of EHS, how they can be identified and measured and assess their impacts and the potential benefits of reform. Barriers and opportunities for EHS reform are elaborated with examples of successes and failures. A practical subsidy reform tool is also presented, giving guidance to help develop transparent inventories of subsidies and road maps for future development. Demonstrating how subsidy reform may contribute to a better environment, support fiscal reform and address social and economic objectives, this authoritative book will appeal to policy makers and their advisors all over the world. It will also be a useful sourcebook for academics interested in concrete applications of environmental economics. Finally it should prove a rich and informative read for anyone looking for facts and arguments supporting green budget reforms.
Spain and the European Union
Economic adjustment programme for Ireland : winter 2011 review
Research handbook on European state aid law
Regional Rural Development Programme for areas outside Objective 1 for 2000 - 2006.
The ESF 2000-2006 : Belgium
The ESF 2000-2006 : Germany
Working for the regions
The ESF 2000-2006 : Italy
Greece : Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 1: structural development and adjustment of regions whose development is lagging behind
Agricultural law for the European Union : current problems and future problems : papers and precedents from two joint conferences on the EU Common Agricultural Policy
Competitiveness, sustainable development and cohesion in Europe : from Lisbon to Gothenburg
A theory of coordination and its implications on EU structural policy : a comparative study of the challenges for coordination in structural funds in Finland, Ireland and Sweden
The ESF 2000-2006 : Netherlands
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2007
The ESF 2000-2006 : Luxembourg
An inside view of the CAP reform process : explaining the MacSharry, Agenda 2000, and Fischler reforms
How to write effective EU proposals : a practical guide on getting funding for Horizon 2020
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2009
The Structural Funds' contribution to the conversion of declining industrial areas in the Benelux countries, 1994-1996
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Take two
The Structural Funds and the reconversion of regions affected by industrial decline in the United Kingdom, 1994-1996
Making best use of structural funds
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2004
The ESF 2000-2006 : Portugal
The ESF 2000-2006 : Sweden
Paying the polluter : environmentally harmful subsidies and their reform
The ESF 2000-2006 : Austria
The E.U. structural funds
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2011
Competitiveness and cohesion : trends in the regions : fifth periodic report on the social and economic situation and development of the regions in the Community
The ESF 2000-2006 : Ireland
How to transfer Public Private Partnership methods to Poland in business centre project
How to Write a Competitive Proposal for Horizon 2020 : A Research Manager's Handbook
The ESF 2000-2006 : Spain
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
The ESF 2000-2006 : Denmark
The Dutch approach in tackling EC fraud
Taking the opportunity! : innovation & research, European support for small companies
The repressive fight against eurofraud
When policy regimes meet : structural funds in the Nordic countries 1994-99
Innovation and SMEs : breaking down the barriers to innovation and promoting research for small companies in Europe
The definition of subsidy and state aid : WTO and EC law in comparative perspective
Investing in people : EU funding for employment and social inclusion
Do you know it when you see it? : a study on the judicial legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2006
The Structural Funds' contribution to the conversion of declining industrial areas in the Benelux countries, 1994-1996 : summary of the objektive 2 SPDs for the Benelux countries
Financial instrument for fisheries guidance : instructions for use
The impact of structural policies on economic and social cohesion in the Union 1989-99 : a first assessment presented by country (October 1996)
Finnish agriculture in 1995
The EU settlement of Finnish agriculture and national support
Maatalous tienhaarassa : Lauri Kettusen 60-vuotisjuhlajulkaisu = Agriculture at the crossroads : Lauri Kettunen's jubilee publication
Policy harmonized (PH) approach allows for the quantitative assessment of the impact of various elements of EU CAP direct support schemes, where the production effects of direct payments are accounted through reaction prices formed by producer price and policy price add-ons. Using the AGMEMOD model the impacts of two possible EU agricultural policy scenarios upon beef production have been analysed - full decoupling with a switch from historical to regional Single Payment scheme or alternatively with re-distribution of country direct payment envelopes via introduction of EU-wide flat area payment. The PH approach, by systematizing and harmonizing the management and use of policy data, ensures that projected differential policy impacts arising from changes in common EU policies reflect the likely actual differential impact as opposed to differences in how “common” policies are implemented within analytical models. In the second section of the paper the AGMEMOD model's structure is explained. The policy harmonized evaluation method is presented in the third section. Results from an application of the PH approach are presented and discussed in the paper's penultimate section, while section 5 concludes.
New funds, better rules : overview of new financial rules and funding opportunities 2007-2013 : a beginners' guide
European state aid law : [handbook]
Europe on the right track : transport projects supported by the European Regional Development Fund and the Cohesion Fund
Kuopio Linna kogemusi EList 1995-1999 = Kuopion kaupungin EU-kokemuksia 1995-1999 = EU-experiences by the City of Kuopio 1995-1999
The structural funds and the conversion of the industrial areas of Spain 1994-96
EU-funds as a possibility for sports people
International trade, consumer interests and reform of the common agricultural policy
Using the market for cost-effective environmental policy : market-based instruments in Europe
The second economic adjustment programme for Greece ; March 2012
