http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29216 minority literature
minority literature
Vad vet vi om den? = What do we know about it?
Novel districts : critical readings of the works of Monika Fagerholm
Nakagami, Japan : Buraku and the writing of ethnicity
"Frightened by a word" : Shirley Jackson and lesbian Gothic
The ethics of marginality : a new approach to gay studies
From in-betweenness to nothingness : intersections of race, class and gender in Jean Rhys's Wide Sargasso Sea
Memory and cultural politics : new approaches to American ethnic literatures
Postcolonial Manchester : diaspora space and the devolution of literary culture
Endangered languages and their literatures : proceedings of the sixth FEL conference Antigua, Guatemala 8-10 August 2002
Endangered languages and literacy : proceedings of the Fourth FEL conference University of North Carolina, Charlotte 21-24 September 2000
Looking for sex in Shakespeare
Electroshock. Hysterectomy. Lobotomy. These are only three of the many "cures" to which lesbians have been subjected in this century. How does a society develop such a profound aversion to a particular minority? In what ways do images in the popular media perpetuate cultural stereotypes about lesbians, and to what extent have lesbians been able to subvert and revise those images? This book addresses these and other questions by examining how lesbianism has been represented in American popular culture in the twentieth century and how conflicting ideologies have shaped lesbian experiences and identity.
Queer fictions of the past : history, culture and difference
Beyond Pug's tour : national and ethnic stereotyping in theory and literary paractice
Close encounters of an other kind : new perspectives on race, ethnicity and American studies
Passions between women : British lesbian culture 1668-1801
Becoming-girl of writing : Monika Fagerholm's Diva as minor literature
The Victorians and race
Select papers presented at the international conference "De-territorialising Diversities: Literatures, Languages and Cultures of the Indigenous"; organised by Department of English, Maharaja Agrasen College; in February 2013.
Teaching American ethnic literatures : nineteen essays
Finnish-American literature : a unique literary genre depicting drasting evidence of life in marginality
Re-imagining the colonial heritage in contemporary black German writing
Burakumin and Shimazaki Toson's Hakai : images of discrimination in modern Japanese literature
Voices from the margin : rethinking history, identity, and belonging in the contemporary North African Anglophone novel
Fact or fiction? Why not construction? : local narrativesof post-Soviet periphery in focus
The Cambridge companion to literature of the American West
Among women : from the homosocial to the homoerotic in the ancient world
Cultural difference & the literary text : pluralism & the limits of authenticity in North American literatures
New immigrant literatures in the United States : a sourcebook to our multicultural literary heritage
White beauty vs. black beauty in Toni Morrison's The Bluest eye
An introduction to post-colonial theatre
"Race", culture and difference
Literature on the move : comparing diasporic ethnicities in Europe and the Americas
Closer to the people - but not too close : tracing unsuitable meanings in the Finnish prose in Soviet Karelia
Ethnic literatures and transnationalism : critical imaginaries for a global age
The bluest eye
Koreans in Soviet Central Asia
Catalan writing
Bridges and walls : Slovenian multiethnic literature and culture
Epistemology of the closet
Moving migration : narrative transformations in Asian American literature
Chinese myths and stories in the construction of diaspora indentity in Maxine Hong Kingston's "The Woman Warrior" and "Tripmaster Monkey"
Love's litany : the writing of modern homoerotics
Ethnic perspectives in American literature : selected essays on the European contribution : a source book
Kafka : toward a minor literature
Máttaráhkká's granddaughters : the history of Sámi women writers
Essays in Canadian literature and society
The book : a world transformed
Telling stories : postcolonial short fiction in English
On the terms of northern woman : articles written by women researchers in Finland, Norway, Russia, Samiland and Sweden
The poetics of imperialism : translation and colonization from The tempest to Tarzan
Literature and ethnic discrimination
Minority languages : the Scandinavian experience : papers read at the conference in Edinburgh 9-11 November 1990
Representing minorities : studies in literature and criticism
Real stories, imagined realities : fictionality and non-fictionality in literary constructs and historical contexts
Gay & lesbian literature
Come as you are : sexuality and narrative
The nature and context of minority discourse
Moments of magical realism in US ethnic literatures
This Companion offers a comprehensive account of the influence of contemporary British Black and Asian writing in British culture. While there are a number of anthologies covering Black and Asian literature, there is no volume that comparatively addresses fiction, poetry, plays and performance, and provides critical accounts of the qualities and impact within one book. It charts the distinctive Black and Asian voices within the body of British writing and examines the creative and cultural impact that African, Caribbean and South Asian writers have had on British literature. It analyzes literary works from a broad range of genres, while also covering performance writing and non-fiction. It offers pertinent historical context throughout, and new critical perspectives on such key themes as multiculturalism and evolving cultural identities in contemporary British literature. This Companion explores race, politics, gender, sexuality, identity, amongst other key literary themes in Black and Asian British literature. It will serve as a key resource for scholars, graduates, teachers and students alike.
Reading and writing from below : exploring the margins of modernity
This Companion provides a comprehensive introduction to one of the most vibrant and expansive traditions in world literature. The American West occupies a unique place in the global imagination, and the literature it produced transcends the category of 'region' in theme and form. Written by prominent international scholars, the essays cover a diverse group of key texts and authors, including major figures in the Native American, Hispanic, Asian American, and African American movements. Treatments range from environmental and ecopoetic to transnational and transcultural, reflecting the richness of the field. This volume places the literature in deep historical context and features a chronology and a bibliography for further reading. It will be an essential guide for students of literature of the American West and of American literature generally
Sami : and introduction to the language and culture : with a Sami-English-Sami lexicon
On the margins of Tibet : cultural survival on the Sino-Tibetan frontier
Peoples in contact : remembering the past, sharing the future : conference papers, Greifswald, June 19-21, 1992
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Beginning ethnic American literatures
The Cambridge companion to the literature of the American West
The life writing of otherness : Woolf, Baldwin, Kingston, and Winterson
The mud boot wedding : and other ethnic minority stories
Beyond ethnicity : consent and descent in American culture
The art of being normal
The Cambridge companion to British black and Asian literature (1945-2010)
Contact zone identities in the poetry of Jerzy Harasymowicz : a postcolonial analysis
De-territorialising diversities : literatures of the indigenous and marginalised
Top 250 LGBTQ books for teens : coming out, being out, and the search for community
Strangers to ourselves
Deviancy in early rabbinic literature : a collection of socio-anthropological essays
Trans.Can.Lit : resituating the study of Canadian literature
This book is concerned with the notion of the "stranger" -the foreigner, outsider, or alien in a country and society not their own- as well as the notion of strangeness within the self -a person's deep sense of being, as distinct from outside appearance and their conscious idea of self. Kristeva begins with the personal and moves outward by examining world literature and philosophy. She discusses the foreigner in Greek tragedy, in the Bible, and in the literature of the Middle Ages, Renaissance, Enlightenment, and the twentieth century. She discusses the legal status of foreigners throughout history, gaining perspective on our own civilization. Her insights into the problems of nationality, particularly in France are more timely and relevant in an increasingly integrated and fractious world.
In search of April Raintree
Midnight in the garden of good and evil : a Savannah story
Roof's ambitious, wide-ranging book links narrative theory, theories of sexuality, and gay and lesbian theory to explore the place of homosexuality, and specifically the lesbian, in the tradition of western narrative. According to Freud, perversions are the necessary obstacles in a heroic plot of normal heterosexual development; and homosexuality is the nineteenth century's classic case of perversion. Roof builds on Freud to illustrate that a structural understanding of narrative enforces a heterosexual paradigm, a sense of meaning that provides psychological stability for the reader. Looking at film, television, and lesbian novels, Roof explores how ideas of narrative and sexuality inform, determine, and reproduce one another. She identifies the paradigmatic lesbian story, its unvarying repetition, and how it might be recast. Understanding identification as a narrative practice, and narrative as typically heterosexual and reproductive, Roof shows how sexuality and narrative must be disentangled to alter oppressive social practices. Come As You Are marks a significant contribution to lesbian and gay studies, psychoanalytic theory, and feminism.
Barrios and borderlands : cultures of Latinos and Latinas in the United States
Donoghue's survey, which is more historically-based than literary, looks at the years 1668-1801 in Britain. She covers "female hermaphrodites" (as lesbians were thought of for some time); women who crossdressed and then married women; romantic friendship; and lesbian communities, which might not have existed in the same way gay male clubs did, but were nonetheless a genuine part of society. She disagrees with Lillian Faderman's conclusion that "even slight suspicions...concerning female same-sex affection are quite rare" in 18th century texts. Part of the reason for this disagreement is that in the ten year gap between Faderman and Donoghue's books, many new documents came to light which show the snarky 18th century having a general field day with insulting poems using barely disguised names of Ladies of the Day and discussing their "unnatural" relations with each other (relations which were, of course, sometimes fabricated by the author in an attempt to defame the women).
Black history matters : contradiction in the novels of Toni Morrison
Lesbian pulp fiction : the sexually intrepid world of lesbian paperback novels 1950-1965
Changing our own words : essays on criticism, theory, and writing by black women
Sound
American Babel : literatures of the United States from Abnaki to Zuni
Major versus minor? : languages and literatures in a globalized world
Notions of otherness in Hanif Kureishi's The Buddha of Suburbia and The Black Album
The twentieth-century Spanish American novel
Rethinking cultural transfer and transmission : reflections and new perspectives
This book formulates new directions within the studies on cultural transfer and transmission, including gender aspects of cultural transfer, the importance of cultural transfer for minority literatures and approaches to writing a cultural transfer and transmission history. The articles collected in this volume demonstrate that the field of cultural transfer and transmission is developing quickly and offers a variety of research possibilities. New aspects are scrutinised and new insights gained from rediscovered material, and although the discussion of the theoretical points of departure and the methods used has only just begun, it is already providing us with interesting results and insights.
Women's and men's worlds were largely separate in ancient Mediterranean societies, and, in consequence, many women's deepest personal relationships were with other women. Yet relatively little scholarly or popular attention has focused on women's relationships in antiquity, in contrast to recent interest in the relationships between men in ancient Greece and Rome. Drawing on developments in feminist theory, gay and lesbian studies, and queer theory, as well as traditional textual and art historical methods, the contributors to this volume examine representations of women's lives with other women, their friendships, and sexual subjectivity. They present new interpretations of the evidence offered by the literary works of Sappho, Ovid, and Lucian; Bronze Age frescoes and Greek vase painting, funerary reliefs, and other artistic representations; and Egyptian legal documents.
All my relatives : community in contemporary ethnic American literatures
The lesbian menace : ideology, identity, and the representation of lesbian life
Swami Sahajanand and the peasants of Jharkhand : a review from 1941 : an edited translation of Jharkhand ke kisan with the original Hindi text and an introduction, endnotes, and glossary
Black British literature : novels of transformation
Gunpowder and sealing-wax : nationhood in children's literature
"As new comparative perspectives on race and ethnicity open up, scholars are identifying and exploring fresh topics and questions in an effort to reconceptualize ethnic studies and draw attention to nation-based approaches that may have previously been ignored. This volume, by recognizing the complexity of cultural production in both its diasporic and national contexts, seeks a nuanced critical approach in order to look ahead to the future of transnational literary studies. The majority of the chapters, written by literary and ethnic studies scholars, analyze ethnic literatures of the United States which, given the nation's history of slavery and immigration, form an integral part of mainstream American literature today. While the primary focus is literary, the chapters analyze their specific topics from perspectives drawn from several disciplines, including cultural studies and history. This book is an exciting and insightful resource for scholars with interests in transnationalism, American literature and ethnic studies."--
"This Companion provides a comprehensive introduction to one of the most vibrant and expansive traditions in world literature. The American West occupies a unique place in the global imagination, and the literature it produced transcends the category of 'region' in theme and form. Written by prominent international scholars, the essays cover a diverse group of key texts and authors, including major figures in the Native American, Hispanic, Asian American, and African American movements. Treatments range from environmental and ecopoetic to transnational and transcultural, reflecting the richness of the field. This volume places the literature in deep historical context and features a chronology and a bibliography for further reading. It will be an essential guide for students of literature of the American West and of American literature generally"--
Franz Kafka and his Prague contexts : studies in language and literature
The banner of Kāmadeva and other topics of Sanskrit literature and Indian culture
"This is the first anthology of its kind in two ways: first, it points to a subtle shift away from privileging magical realism as a monolithic category in the literatures of the Americas and second, it focuses this critical approach highlighting the work of writers from all the major minority groups of color - US Latino/a, African American, Native American, and Asian American, Jewish American, or Iranian American ancestry - who deploy magical realist moments to refer to traumatic or suppressed histories. Groundbreaking essays by both established experts and rising scholars offer a myriad of methodologies, including literary, psychoanalytic, and trauma theories; historiography, myth, and mnemonic analyses; religious, anthropological, and Marxist approaches. Magical realist moments conceal and reveal traumatic pasts, suppressed histories, half-known memories, lies, truths, new affinities, and even signposts to the future."--Publisher's website.
