http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29260 bankers
bankers
Straight to hell : true tales of deviance, debauchery and billion-dollar deals
In this groundbreaking biography, based on more than 10,000 hitherto unavailable letters and diary entries, Niall Ferguson returns to his roots as a financial historian to tell the story of the extraordinary Siegmund Warburg. A refugee from Hitler's Germany, Warburg rose to become the dominant figure in the post-war City of London and one of the architects of European financial integration. Seared by events in the 1930s, when the long-established Warburg bank was first almost destroyed by the Depression and then 'Aryanized' by the Nazis, Warburg was determined that his own bank would learn from the past and contribute to the economic recovery of Britain, the unity of Western Europe and the birth of globalization. Siegmund Warburg was a complex and ambivalent man, as much a psychologist, politician and actor-manager as a banker. In "High Financier", Niall Ferguson reveals Warburg's idiosyncracies but above all he recaptures the meticulous business methods and strict ethical code that set Warburg apart from the mere speculators and traders who inhabit today's financial world.
Nathan Mayer Rothschild and the creation of a dynasty : the critical years 1806-1816
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
A nation of counterfeiters : capitalists, con men, and the making of the United States
A history of central banking in Great Britain and the United States
Straight to hell : true tales of deviance, debauchery, and billion-dollar deals
Young money : inside the hidden world of Wall Street's post-crash recruits
This is how it ends
Swimming with sharks : inside the world of the bankers
The dogs and the wolves
Swimming with sharks : my journey into the world of the bankers
The mark and the void / Paul Murray
This thesis was commissioned by a Finnish banking company, Alexandria Pankkiiriliike Oyj. The aim of the research was to find out the customer satisfaction level among the customers who had not closed a deal in a meeting. The aim was also to find out the level of proficiency of Alexandria's financial advisors and how the service quality and the selling process could be improved. The theoretical framework of the research was formed on the basis of literature related to customer satisfaction and service quality. The central concepts were customer satisfaction, perceived service quality and selling process. The empirical part of the research was conducted as a qualitative research supplemented by some typical features of quantitative research in order to gain all the information needed. The research method was chosen to be phone interviews. The target group of thirty persons was being selected from the customer's who had visited Alexandria's office in Helsinki between 1.11.-31.12-2009 and 15.2.-15.4.2010 but had not closed a deal in the meeting. There were also some other criteria that had to be met, such as the monthly income and the ability to save at least a certain amount of money monthly. Alexandria provided their data base to be used to find the contact and back ground information of the customers. A total of thirty interviews were conducted, but one needed to be disqualified since the respondent refused to answer to one section of the research questionnaire. The research findings in general revealed that the customer satisfaction level at Alexandria Banking Company is relatively high. This is because all the interviewees had not closed the deal and it could have been expected that more unsatisfied customers had been found. It seems that Alexandria's main concern does not lie in its advisors' competence level or in one larger area but in many small things. The main processes of the company seem to be working well, but it would be wise to consider the suggested small details in the selling process to gain even a better customer satisfaction level.
Wall Street and the Bolshevik Revolution
Decay time : a Wall Street murder and morality tale
Too big to fail
Breaking the bank
High financier : the lives and times of Siegmund Warburg
Customer satisfaction research : case: Alexandria Pankkiiriliike Oyj
"Over the past three years, the notorious @GSElevator Twitter feed has offered a hilarious, shamelessly voyeuristic look into the real world of international finance. Hundreds of thousands followed the account, Goldman Sachs launched an internal investigation, and when the true identity of the man behind it all was revealed, it created a national media sensation--but that's only part of the story.  Where @GSElevator captured the essence of the banking elite with curated jokes and submissions overheard by readers, Straight to hell adds John LeFevre's own story--an unapologetic and darkly funny account of a career as a globe-conquering investment banker spanning New York, London, and Hong Kong."--Amazon.com.
A most wanted man
