http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29362 civil religion
civil religion
The family, law, religion and society in the European Union and Malta
The future in us : education for global responsibility.
Trust and civil society
Civil society, religion, and the nation : modernization in intercultural context: Russia, Japan, Turkey
Modernizing Islam : religion in the public sphere in the Middle East and Europe
The Sage handbook of modern Japanese studies
The philosophy of right. Vol. 4, Rights in God's church
How the Finnish working population fought for prohibition
Burma/Myanmar : where now?
Graždanskoe obŝestvo na Evropejskom Severe : ponâtie i kontekst : materialy meždunarodnogo seminara, Sankt-Peterburg 18-19.01/96 = [Civil society in the European North] : [concept and context] : [proceedings of the seminar held in St Petersburg January 18-19 1996]
Arguing comparative politics
Food and culture : a reader
Blessed are the organized : grassroots democracy in America
The dignity of difference : how to avoid the clash of civilizations
Development, civil society and faith-based organisations : bridging the sacred and the secular
Tension as taboo : Albania's self-image as a haven of religious tolerance
Shamanism, discourse, modernity
The causes and nature of the civil wars that gripped the British Isles in the mid-seventeenth century remain one of the most studied yet least understood historical conundrums. This collection of essays explore the implications of John Morrill's suggestion that the English Civil War should be regarded as a war of religion.
European muslims and the secular state
International handbook of inter-religious education. Part 1-2
"In an America where the rich and fortunate have free rein to do as they please, can the ideal of liberty and justice for all be anything but an empty slogan? Many Americans are doubtful, and have withdrawn into apathy and cynicism. But thousands of others are not ready to give up on democracy just yet. Working outside the notice of the national media, ordinary citizens across the nation are meeting in living rooms, church basements, synagogues, and schools to identify shared concerns, select and cultivate leaders, and take action. Their goal is to hold big government and big business accountable. In this important new book, Jeffrey Stout bears witness to the successes and failures of progressive grassroots organizing, and the daunting forces now arrayed against it." "Stout tells vivid stories of people fighting entrenched economic and political interests around the country. From parents and teachers striving to overcome gang violence in South Central Los Angeles, to a Latino priest north of the Rio Grande who brings his parish into a citizens' organization, to the New Orleans residents who get out the vote by taking a jazz band through streets devastated by Hurricane Katrina, Stout describes how these ordinary people conceive of citizenship, how they acquire and exercise power, and how religious ideas and institutions contribute to their successes." "The most important book on organizing and grassroots democracy in a generation, Blessed are the Organized is a passionate and hopeful account of how our endangered democratic principles can be put into action."--BOOK JACKET.
How the finnish working population fought for prohibition
Civil society, religion and global governance : paradigms of power and persuasion
Trust and Civil Society offers an original and accessible analysis of the meaning of 'trust' in a range of critical contexts: voluntary organizations, faith associations, the economy, the state and welfare, environmental issues and charity. Balancing theory with grounded analysis, and drawing on interdisciplinary and international perspectives, the book makes an important contribution to contemporary debates.
Nostalgia for the future : West Africa after the Cold War
The spaces of others - heterotopic spaces: practicing and theorizing hospitality and counter-conduct beyond the religion/secular border
Human rights in the twenty-first century : a global challenge
Southeast Asia in political science : theory, region, and qualitative analysis
England's wars of religion, revisited
Identity in democracy
Religious pluralism and human rights in Europe : where to draw the line?
God and race in American politics : a short history
The multicultural riddle : rethinking national, ethnic, and religious identities
The History and Politics of Latin American Theology. Volume 2 : theology and civil society
Revolution i Egypten
Civic ideology, organization, and law in the Rule scrolls : a comparative study of the Covenanters' sect and contemporary voluntary associations in political context
Durkheim in dialogue : a centenary celebration of the elementary forms of religious life
Myths of the Rune Stone : Viking martyrs and the birthplace of America
Educating moral sensibilities in urban schools
Knowledge, renewal and religion : repositioning and changing ideological and material circumstances among the Swahili on the East African coast
Exodus church and civil society : public theology and social theory in the work of Jürgen Moltmann
Spiritual, moral, social and cultural education : exploring values in the curriculum
Citizenship in diverse societies
Indian parlamentary democracy in transition
An introduction to African politics
International handbook of inter-religious education. Part 2
Religion and civil society : rethinking public religion in the modern world
Religion and civil society : rethinking public religion in the contemporary world
"What do our myths say about us? Why do we choose to believe stories that have been disproven? David M. Krueger takes an in-depth look at a legend that held tremendous power in one corner of Minnesota, helping to define both a community's and a state's identity for decades. In 1898, a Swedish immigrant farmer claimed to have discovered a large rock with writing carved into its surface in a field near Kensington, Minnesota. The writing told a North American origin story, predating Christopher Columbus's exploration, in which Viking missionaries reached what is now Minnesota in 1362 only to be massacred by Indians. The tale's credibility was quickly challenged and ultimately undermined by experts, but the myth took hold. Faith in the authenticity of the Kensington Rune Stone was a crucial part of the local Nordic identity. Accepted and proclaimed as truth, the story of the Rune Stone recast Native Americans as villains. The community used the account as the basis for civic celebrations for years, and advocates for the stone continue to promote its validity despite the overwhelming evidence that it was a hoax. Krueger puts this stubborn conviction in context and shows how confidence in the legitimacy of the stone has deep implications for a wide variety of Minnesotans who embraced it, including Scandinavian immigrants, Catholics, small-town boosters, and those who desired to commemorate the white settlers who died in the Dakota War of 1862. Krueger demonstrates how the resilient belief in the Rune Stone is a form of civil religion, with aspects that defy logic but illustrate how communities characterize themselves. He reveals something unique about America's preoccupation with divine right and its troubled way of coming to terms with the history of the continent's first residents. By considering who is included, who is left out, and how heroes and villains are created, Myths of the Rune Stone offers an enlightening perspective on not just Minnesota but the United States as well"-- Provided by publisher.
Religion, civil society, and peace in Northern Ireland
Morality and citizenship in education
Religion, nationalism, and civil society in eastern Europe-the postcommunist palimpsest
"Recent changes in Burma/Myanmar have been called the 'Burmese democratic spring'. While the international media have mainly focused on the economic opportunities offered by these changes and on the doings and sayings of Aung San Suu Kyi, the reality is far more complex. The country is desperately poor, divided by ethnic and religious rivalries and continues to suffer from some of the world's most intractable military conflicts while powerful elite factions oppose reform. Where, then, is the country heading? What are the key challenges it will face? Who are likely to be the key players in the unfolding events? What implications are there for international actors in arenas like policy, diplomacy, development and business? With contributions on topics like the political situation, international relations, ethnic and religious rivalries, and the economy, long-time observers of the situation offer insights and analysis that address these issues. The result is a tightly focused volume that will appeal to a broad readership interested in the current situation and its implications." -- Provided by publisher.
Dialogue between peoples and cultures : actors in the dialogue, Brussels, 24 and 25 May 2004 = Dialogue des peuples et des cultures : les acteurs du dialogue, Bruxelles, 24 et 25 mai 2004
Nationalism and orthodoxy : two thematic studies on national ideologies and their interaction with the church
Christianity and world religions : disputed questions in the theology of religions
Islam in Southeast Asia : political, social and strategic challenges for the 21st century
Social power and the Turkish state
