http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29333 ethnographic museums
ethnographic museums
"'Authenticity' and authentication is at the heart of museums' concerns in displays, objects, and interaction with visitors. These notions have formed a central element in early thought on culture and collecting. Nineteenth century-explorers, commissioned museum collectors and pioneering ethnographers attempted to lay bare the essences of cultures through collecting and studying objects from distant communities. Comparably, historical archaeology departed from the idea that cultures were discrete bounded entities, subject to divergence but precisely therefore also to be traced back and linked to, a more complete original form in de (even) deeper past. Much of what we work with today in ethnographic museum collections testifies to that conviction. Post-structural thinking brought about a far-reaching deconstruction of the authentic. It came to be recognized that both far-away communities and the deep past can only be discussed when seen as desires, constructions and inventions. Notwithstanding this undressing of the ways in which people portray their cultural surroundings and past, claims of authenticity and quests for authentication remain omnipresent. This book explores the authentic in contemporary ethnographic museums, as it persists in dialogues with stakeholders, and how museums portray themselves." -- Publisher's website.
Yesterday, today and tomorrow : the collections and activities of the barbier-Mueller Museum 1977-1987
Zbirka torbi = Bag collection
Are we living in the golden age of the ethnographical museum?
Eesti Rahva Muuseumi pildialbum = Die Postkarten des Estnischen Nationalmuseums = Al'bom otkrytok Èstonskogo nacional'nogo muzeâ = The Estonian National Museum in pictures
"Cari narodam - narody carâm" : imperatorskie kollekcii v sobranii Rossijskogo Ètnografičeskogo muzeâ = "The tsars to the peoples, the peoples to the tsars : royal collections of the Russian Ethnographic Museum
Museums : a visual anthropology
Estonia : land, people, culture : permanent exhibition of the Estonian National Museum
Intruders : reflections on art and the ethnological museum
Decolonizing museums : representing native America in national and tribal museums
Intangible heritage and the museum : new perspectives on cultural preservation
The Náprstek Museum of Asian, African and American Cultures : a guidebook
The culture of the North Pacific region : museums and indigenous culture : proceedings of the 22th International Abashiri Symposium
Paris primitive : Jacques Chirac's museum on the Quai Branly
Möödunud aegade rajad Eesti vabaõhumuuseumis = Paths of bygone times : Estonian Open Air Museum
Royal cabinets and auxiliary branches : origins of the National Museum of Ethnology 1816-1883
Vic o plavuši : stereotipi u komija živimo = Blonde joke : stereotypes we live by
Italian cassoni : from the art collections of Soviet museums : the Hermitage, Leningrad : the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow : the Academy of Sciences Museum of Ethnography, Lvov : Museum of Western and Oriental Art, Kiev : Art Museum, Yaroslavl : Ar / [compiled and introduced by Liubov Faenson]
Intrinsic perspectives : from Miss Kumbuk to Herzog & de Meuron
Sevruguin's Iran : late Nineteenth Century photographs of Iran from the National Museum of Ethnology in Leiden, the Netherlands
In side out, on site in : redesigning the National Museum of Ethnology, Leiden, the Netherlands
One hundred years ago, missionary Hilja Heiskanen brought the first Tibetan  and Bhutanese museum collections to Finland.1 The first collection was acquired  by the National Museum in 1908, the second in 1912. At the beginning of the  20th century, Miss Heiskanen worked in the Baxa Duar and Darjeeling districts  in India for nine years in all as a member of the Scandinavian Alliance Mission,  whose original initiative was to convert Tibetans. This interest can be seen in the  contents of the two collections. Heiskanen grouped the 65 items included in the  first collection as Religious items from Tibet, with additions of Bhutanese, Tibetan  and Hindu items.2 The second collection is larger, 121 numbers, and, according to  the description given by Heiskanen, it consists mainly of various Tibetan items.3  Some of these objects are presented in this paper. According to the theme of  the workshop Himalayan Nature: Representations and Reality held in Helsinki in  March 2008, items made of organic material, mostly of plant parts, are examined  more closely. This means a group of various objects and samples from ritual  items, such as incense, to the non-sacral utility goods, like sheep fat and samples  of foodstuffs. The main effort has been in identifying the natural materials as far  as possible, and, secondly, to give a short description of the customary use of the  chosen items. Thus the purpose has been to contextualize particular items into  particular cultural environments. Natural materials and the items made of them  can and do draw connecting links into wider cultural contexts concerning many  layers of life.
Making Museum Collections: Missionary Hilja Heiskanen's Himalayan artefacts
Open-air museums in Poland
Creating authenticity : authentication processes in ethnographic museums
Museum studies : an anthology of contexts
Museums and source communities : a Routledge reader
Museums and difference
Obitateli : obrazy ûgry v rannej russkoj fotografii = Ob riverains : Yugra's images in the early Russian photography
Wojownicy, piękności i demony : chiński teatr lalek = Warriors, beauties and demons : chinese puppet theatre
A vajköpülő = The butter churn
Dansk Folkemuseum & Frilandsmuseet : history & activities
Contesting knowledge : museums and indigenous perspectives
Russian Ethnographic Museum : guide
Can we make a difference? : museums, society and development in North and South
Objects of culture : ethnology and ethnographic museums in Imperial Germany
Clay shamans and stone jaguars : the ancient art of Ecuador
Suspended : on the lightness of stone : kinetic sculptures by Justin Fiske in a dialogue with the Museum der Kulturen
A duda = The bagpipe
The culture of the North Pacific region : museum and indigenous culture. 3, Proceedings of the 23rd International Abashiri Symposium
Museum as Process : translating local and global knowledges
