http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29399 Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi
Learning Python with Raspberry Pi
Further development of a CCT measuring device
Learning computer architecture with Raspberry Pi
This hands-on resource gives you a guided tour of the Raspberry Pi hardware, operating system, and IDE .... then gets you running with the Python programming language and the GPIO library so you can start on your creations right away.  You'll learn how to assemble a prototype board to use with your projects, and then you'll jump right in with illustrated, step-by-step instructions that lead you through projects that gradually grow in sophistication.
Raspberry Pi networking cookbook, second edition : connect your Raspberry Pi to the world with this essential collection of recipes for basic administration and common network services
The Internet of things : do-it-yourself projects with Arduino, Raspberry Pi, and Beaglebone Black
Learn the Raspberry Pi 3 from the experts! Raspberry Pi User Guide, 4th Edition is the "unofficial official" guide to everything Raspberry Pi 3. Written by the Pi's creator and a leading Pi guru, this book goes straight to the source to bring you the ultimate Raspberry Pi 3 manual. This new fourth edition has been updated to cover the Raspberry Pi 3 board and software, with detailed discussion on its wide array of configurations, languages, and applications. You'll learn how to take full advantage of the mighty Pi's full capabilities, and then expand those capabilities even more with add-on technologies. You'll write productivity and multimedia programs, and learn flexible programming languages that allow you to shape your Raspberry Pi into whatever you want it to be. If you're ready to jump right in, this book gets you started with clear, step-by-step instruction from software installation to system customization. The Raspberry Pi's tremendous popularity has spawned an entire industry of add-ons, parts, hacks, ideas, and inventions. The movement is growing, and pushing the boundaries of possibility along with it&#x;are you ready to be a part of it? This book is your ideal companion for claiming your piece of the Pi. Get all set up with software, and connect to other devices Understand Linux System Admin nomenclature and conventions Write your own programs using Python and Scratch Extend the Pi's capabilities with add-ons like Wi-Fi dongles, a touch screen, and more The credit-card sized Raspberry Pi has become a global phenomenon. Created by the Raspberry Pi Foundation to get kids interested in programming, this tiny computer kick-started a movement of tinkerers, thinkers, experimenters, and inventors. Where will your Raspberry Pi 3 take you? The Raspberry Pi User Guide, 3rd Edition is your ultimate roadmap to discovery. -- ONIX annotation.
Presents information on computing and programming with Raspberry Pi--
Raspberry Pi with Java : programming the internet of things (IoT)
Getting started with Raspberry Pi
Get started working with popular processing platforms and wireless communication technologies to connect devices and systems to the Internet using sensors.
Learn Raspberry Pi with Linux
Presents an introduction to the Rasberry Pi computer, describing how to set it up, use the command line, load aplications, organize information with Python, create graphics with Pygame, and program arcade games.
Getting started with sensors
Building the web of things : with examples in Node.js and Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi For Dummies, 2nd Edition is a comprehensive guide to this exciting technology, fully updated to align with the Rev 3 board. Veteran technology authors provide expert insight and guidance that get you up and running fast, allowing you to explore the full capabilities of your Raspberry Pi. The clear, concise style makes this guide easy to follow for complete beginners, providing step-by-step instruction throughout the setup process and into systems administration and programming. Updated information includes coverage of Noobs, PiStore and making music with SonicPi, in addition to basic Raspberry Pi operations and features. Raspberry Pi For Dummies, 2nd Edition teaches you everything you need to know to get the most out of your device. Even if you've never ventured beyond e-mail and web browsers, this guide will give you the skills and confidence you need to take advantage of everything the Raspberry Pi has to offer. •	Find out how to install the operating system and connect to other devices. •	Install, use and remove software like a pro. •	Learn basic Linux systems administration. •	Program with Scratch, Python and Minecraft on your Raspberry Pi.
Raspberry Pi projects for the evil genius
As small as a credit card and ultra-affordable, the Raspberry Pi packs plenty of power into a pocket-size computer. But getting the hang of it can be tricky. This guide shows you how to use your Raspberry Pi to work and play, edit photos, watch videos, and even craft your own programs!
Pi2 : Raspberry Pi + Arduino for young engineers. [Book one], Raspberry Pi, Arduino, beginning programming, robotics
Teach yourself visually Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi cookbook
Raspberry Pi user guide
Raspberry Pi For Dummies
Raspberry Pi : a practical guide to the revolutionary small computer
Raspberry Pi projects for dummies
Learn Raspberry Pi 2 with Linux and Windows 10
Raspberry Pi for dummies
Programming the Raspberry Pi : getting started with Python
Getting started with Raspberry Pi Zero : get started with the smallest, cheapest, and highest-utility Pi ever - Raspberry Pi Zero
Raspberry Pi2 : a practical guide to the revolutionary small computer
