http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29373 provincial government reform
provincial government reform
Excellent daughters : the secret lives of young women who are transforming the Arab world
Nordic lights : education for nation and civic society in the Nordic countries, 1850-2000
Towards the self-regulating municipality : free communes and administrative modernization in Scandinavia
Services sector reform and development strategies : issues and research priorities
Summary (s. 11-12): Local and regional reform processes in Norden.
A possible world : democratic transformation of global institutions
"For more than a decade, Katherine Zoepf has lived in or traveled throughout the Arab world, reporting on the lives of women, whose role in the region has never been more in flux. Only a generation ago, female adolescence as we know it in the West did not exist in the Middle East. There were only children and married women. Today, young Arab women outnumber men in universities, and a few are beginning to face down religious and social tradition in order to live independently, to delay marriage, and to pursue professional goals. Hundreds of thousands of devout girls and women are attending Qur'anic schools--and using the training to argue for greater rights and freedoms from an Islamic perspective. And, in 2011, young women helped to lead antigovernment protests in the Arab Spring. But their voices have not been heard. Their stories have not been told.  In Syria before its civil warshe documents a complex society in the midst of soul searching about its place in the world and about the role of women. In Lebanon, she documents a country that on the surface is freer than other Arab nations but whose women must balance extreme standards of self-presentation with Islamic codes of virtue. In Abu Dhabi, Zoepf reports on a generation of Arab women who've found freedom in work outside the home. In Saudi Arabia she chronicles driving protests and women entering the retail industry for the first time. In the aftermath of Tahrir Square, she examines the crucial role of women in Egypt's popular uprising.  Deeply informed, heartfelt, and urgent, Good Daughters brings us a new understanding of the changing Arab societies--from 9/11 to Tahrir Square to the rise of ISIS--and gives voice to the remarkable women at the forefront of this change" / Kustantaja..
From a global market place to political spaces : the North-South dialogue continues
Social innovations, institutional change and economic performance : making sense of structural adjustment processes in industrial sectors, regions and societies
Social change and economic reform in Africa
The modernisation of the public sector in Europe : a comparative perspective on the Scandinavian experience : evaluation report
Everyday life in the North Korean revolution, 1945-1950
Asia's giants : comparing China and India
Finnish administrative reforms in the 1990s : the role of the regional councils within regional policy governance
Reforming FAO : the challenge of world food security
Embracing the knowledge economy : the dynamic transformation of the Finnish innovation system
Reforming FAO : into the new millennium
Restructuring the welfare state : globalisation and social policy reform in Finland and Sweden
Remaking governance : peoples, politics and the public sphere
Local and regional reform processes in Norden
"The never-before-reported story of this generation of Arab women, who are questioning authority, changing societies, and leading revolutions. For more than a decade, Katherine Zoepf has lived in or traveled throughout the Arab world, reporting on the lives of women, whose role in the region has never been more in flux. Only a generation ago, female adolescence as we know it in the West scarcely existed in the Middle East. There were only children and married women. Today, young Arab women outnumber men in universities, and a few are beginning to face down religious and social tradition in order to live independently, to delay marriage, and to pursue professional goals. Hundreds of thousands of devout girls and women are attending Qur'anic schools--and using the training to argue for greater freedoms from an Islamic perspective. And, in 2011, young women helped to lead antigovernment protests in the Arab Spring. But their voices have not been heard. The world changes because of wars and terrorist attacks, but it also changes because daughters make different decisions than the ones their mothers made. This is an investigation into the changing lives of this generation of Arab daughters." / Kustantaja.
Transition, institutions, and the rural sector
Recognising choice : a study of the changing politics of the common agricultural policy through an analysis of the MacSharry reform debate in Ireland and the Netherlands
Western Muslims and the future of Islam
A new nation of goods : the material culture of early America
Judicial reform and land reform in the Roman Republic : a new edition, with translation and commentary, of the laws from Urbino
Post-communist studies and political science : methodology and empirical theory in Sovietology
New directions in Islamic thought : exploring reform and Muslim tradition
The OECD DAC handbook on Security System Reform (SSR) : supporting security and justice
The institutional transition of China's township and village enterprises : market liberalization, contractural form innovation, and privatization
