http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29372 5G technology
5G technology
Signal processing for 5G : algorithms and implementations
"Written by leading experts in 5G research, this book is a comprehensive overview of the current state of 5G. Covering everything from the most likely use cases, spectrum aspects, and a wide range of technology options to potential 5G system architectures, it is an indispensable reference for academics and professionals involved in wireless and mobile communications. Global research efforts are summarised, and key component technologies including D2D, mm-wave communications, massive MIMO, coordinated multi-point, wireless network coding, interference management and spectrum issues are described and explained. The significance of 5G for the automotive, building, energy, and manufacturing economic sectors is addressed, as is the relationship between IoT, machine type communications, and cyber-physical systems. This essential resource equips you with a solid insight into the nature, impact and opportunities of 5G"--
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Co-primary multi-operator resource sharing for small cell networks
Mobile networks and management : 7th international conference, MONAMI 2015, Santander, Spain, September 16-18, 2015, revised selected papers
The aim of this thesis is to devise novel co-primary spectrum sharing (CoPSS) methods for future fifth generation (5G) networks and beyond. The target is to improve data rates of small cell networks (SCNs) in which mobile network operators (MNOs) share their dedicated frequency spectrum (spectrum pooling) or a common spectrum (mutual renting). The performance of the proposed methods is assessed through extensive system-level simulations.MNOs typically acquire exclusive usage rights for certain frequency bands and have little incentive to share spectrums with other operators. However, due to higher cost and spectrum scarcity at lower frequencies it is expected that efficient use of the spectrum in 5G networks will rely more on spectrum sharing than exclusive licenses. This is especially true for new higher candidate frequencies (> 6 GHz) that do not have a pre-existing spectrum regulation framework.In the first part of the thesis, we tackle the challenge of providing higher data rates within limited spectral resources. Each SCN MNO has its own dedicated spectrum, and each MNO defines a percentage of how much its spectrum it is willing to share. The idea of the proposed CoPSS algorithms is that the spectrum is dynamically shared among MNOs based on their spectrum utilization, which is shared among MNOs in the network. This way interference can be avoided and spectrum utilization is maximized. Unused resources are shared equally between overloaded MNOs for a given time instant. Thus, only short-term fairness among overloaded SCNs can be guaranteed.In the second part, we consider a multi-operator small cell network where MNOs share a common pool of radio resources. The goal is to ensure the long term fairness of spectrum sharing without coordination among small cell base stations. We develop a decentralized control mechanism for base stations using the Gibbs sampling based learning tool, which allocates suitable amount of the spectrum for each base station while avoiding interference from SCNs and maximizing the total network throughput.In the studied scenarios, we show the importance of coordination among MNOs when the dedicated spectrum is shared. However, when MNOs share a common spectrum, a decentralized control mechanism can be used to allocate suitable amounts of spectrum for each base station. The proposed algorithms are shown to be effective for different network layouts, by achieving significant data rate enhancements with a low overhead.
Analytical performance evaluation of cooperative and multi-radio concepts in emerging wireless networks
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Discrete and continuous optimization methods for self-organization in small cell networks : models and algorithms
Energy efficiency in wireless networks
Design and evaluation of self-healing solutions for future wireless networks
5G mobile and wireless communications technology
