http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29345 nutrition psychology
nutrition psychology nutritional psychology
Dimensions of the meal : the science, culture, business, and art of eating
Meals in science and practice : interdisciplinary research and business applications
Broad in scope, Hedonic Eating: How the Pleasure of Food Affects our Brains and Behaviorexplores various behavioral, biological and social rewards of food.
The psychology of eating and drinking
Food and culture : a reader
Health psychology : biopsychosocial interactions
Abstract: Measuring a child's body and parenting : interpretations of a healthy child and "good" and "bad" parenthood in contemporary Finland.
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Hedonic eating : how the pleasure of food affects our brains and behavior
First bite : how we learn to eat
Lifestyle management in health and social care
Lifestyle interventions in treatment of obese adults : eating behaviour and other factors affecting weight loss and maintenance
Children who fail to thrive : a practice guide
How we eat : appetite, culture, and the psychology of food
The nutritional psychology of childhood
Psychology of nutrition
Thirst : physiological and psychological aspects
The psychology of eating : from healthy to disordered behavior
Pediatric sports medicine
Oxford textbook of sports medicine
The psychology of food choice
Health psychology : a biopsychosocial approach
Consuming passions : food in the age of anxiety
The social psychology of food
Eating disorders in sport
Running science
Psychological determinants and self care in patients with type 1 diabetes
Helping people with eating disorders : a clinical guide to assessment and treatment
The psychology of lifestyle : promoting healthy behaviour
Everyday beliefs about food and health
Physiology of exercise and healthy aging
"Now in two volumes, the fully revised and updated second edition of The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Infant Development provides comprehensive coverage of the basic research and applied and policy issues relating to infant development. Updated, fully-revised and expanded, this two-volume set presents in-depth and cutting edge coverage of both basic and applied developmental issues during infancy. Features contributions by leading international researchers and practitioners in the field that reflect the most current theories and research findings. Includes editor commentary and analysis to synthesize the material and provide further insight. The most comprehensive work available in this dynamic and rapidly growing field."--Provided by publisher.
Psychology of eating
Science and racket sports. II
Poor eating in young children and body dissatisfaction in prepubertal girls and boys : findings in a prospective atherosclerosis prevention trial for children : the STRIP Project
Health psychology
Why we love dogs, eat pigs, and wear cows : an introduction to carnism : the belief system that enables us to eat some animals and not others
Change the way you eat : the psychology of food
Abstract: Poor eating in young children and body dissatisfaction on prepubertal girls and boys. Findings in a prospective atherosclerosis prevention trial for children.
