http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29369 manners and means
manners and means means manners
The cultural politics of food and eating : a reader
Materiality and society
Doing business in China
Culture shock! : Spain : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Novice and habitual entrepreneurs and entrepreneurial learning : a case of firm closure in Finland
The essential guide for buying from China's manufacturers : The 10 steps to success
CultureShock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Brazil
The essentials of business etiquette : how to greet, eat , and tweet your way to success
Ecological differentiation of habits and attitudes
Norway
Culture shock! : Australia
Business etiquette for the 21st century : what to do - and what not to do
Culture shock! : Ireland : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Culture shock! : Hong Kong : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
The power of sustainable thinking : how to create a positive future for the climate, the planet, your organization and your life
Culture Wise England : the Essential Guide to Culture, Customs and Business Etiquette
The modern rules of business etiquette
Rewire : change your brain to break bad habits, overcome addictions, conquer self-destructive behavior
Passport Japan : your pocket guide to Japanese business, customs & etiquette
CultureShock! : Myanmar :a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Culture shock! China! : A guide to customs and etiquette
Succeed in business : Australia : the essential guide for business and investment
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
Leisure-time physical activity, body mass index, and waist circumreference : a longitudinal twin study from adolescence to adulthood
Culture shock! : India : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customes and etiquette : Borneo
Political correctness : mouth wide shut?
A bite-sized guide to Chinese business manners
Culture shock! : Turkey : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Culture Shock! : Vietnam
The Chinese Communist party as organizational emperor : culture, reproduction and transformation
The simple guide to Malaysia : customs & etiquette
Social marketing : influencing behaviors for good
Food literacy : key concepts for health and education
Etiquette guide to Japan : know the rules that make the difference!
Making the best of a merger : a case study of Product Data Management Application Development Team
The habitual conception of action and social theory
The leisure business and lifestyle
Changes in adolescents' oral health-related knowledge, attitudes and behavior in response to extensive health promotion
Success secrets to maximise in the United Arab Emirates
A safer municipality : the Safe Community operating model as a support for local safety planning
Success secrets to maximise in China
The book of new family traditions : how to create great rituals for holidays and every day
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette. Malaysia
Culture shock! : Cambodia : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Guanxi and business strategy : theory and implications for multinational companies in China
Culture smart! : Scotland
Culture Shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette: Sri Lanka
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Saudi Arabia
Succeed in business : Germany : the essential guide for business and investment
The do's and taboos of hosting international visitors
Passport India : your pocket guide to Indian business, customs & etiquette
Chile : the essential guide to customs and culture
The simple guide to customs and etiquette in Germany
What got you here won't get you there : how successful people become even more successful!
The simple guide to France customs and etiquette
Netherlands
International business etiquette : Europe : what you nees to know to conduct business abroad with charm and savvy
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Culture shock! a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Ecuador
Global business etiquette : a guide to international communication and customs
Success secrets to maximise in Japan
Culture smart! : Ghana
Ireland
Where Finnish and Chinese business cultures collide
Success secrets to maximize business in Japan
Egypt : a quick guide to customs and etiquette
Strategic development in lifestyle business
Dealing with the Dutch : the cultural context of business and work in the Netherlands
Supply chain engineering of Sipradi organization
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Argentina
Turkey : a quick guide to customs and culture
Do's and Taboos around the world
An American's guide to doing business in China : negotiating contracts and agreements, understanding culture and customs, marketing products and services
Abstract.
Culture shock! : Portugal
Russia : A Survival Guide to Customs and Etiquette
Culture Shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette: Turkey
Business Germany : a practical guide to understanding German business culture
Culture shock! France : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Passport United Kingdom : your pocket guide to British business, customs & etiquette
Culture shock! : Russia : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Belgium : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Doing business with Japan : successful strategies for intercultural communication
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette: Saudi Arabia
NTC's dictionary of Japan's business code words
How to sell yourself
Culture shock! : Italy : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Online purchasing habits of African consumers : perspectives from Ghana
Succeed in business : Thailand : the essential guide for business and investment
Consuming habits : global and historical perspectives on how cultures define drugs
