http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29313 Armenian language literature
Armenian language literature
Haryur u mek hayren = A hundred and one hayrens
Sayat'-Nova : an 18th-century troubadour : a biographical and literary study
The Armenian prayers attributed to Ephrem the Syrian
The Armenian texts of Epiphanius of Salamis De mensuris et ponderibus
One of the most important and disputed spheres of research on the History of Armenia by "the father of Armenian historiography" Movses Xorenac'i is the issue of his literary sources. The study of Xorenac'i's "History" since the latter half of the nineteenth century led to varied and often diametrically opposed views; scholars ended up with either an outright denial of the historiographic value of Movses' book or unreserved acceptance of everything he says. Thus, the source study today requires an especially circumspect and nuanced understanding. A number of questions need to be clarified and re-assessed in relation to Xorenac'i's "Greek" sources. The author of the present study has re-examined in detail the references to Berossus (third century BC), Alexander Polyhistor (first century BC), Cephalion (first - second centuries AD), Abydenus (first or second century AD), Julius Africanus (second - third centuries AD), and Bishop Firmilian (third century AD). From his study he has drawn conclusions that call for a modification of earlier over-simplified opinions.
The problem of the Greek sources of Movsēs Xorenacʻiʼs History of Armenia
A reference guide to modern Armenian literature, 1500-1920 : with an introductory history
Catalogue of the Armenian manuscripts in the Cambridge University Library
The history of Vardapet Aṛak'el of Tabriz : (Patmutʻiwn Aṛakʻel Vardapeti Dawrizhetsʻwoy). Vol. 1
A bibliography of classical Armenian literature to 1500 AD
Armenian literature : comprising poetry, drama, folklore, and classic traditions
Yeghishe Charents : poet of the revolution
The Republic of Armenia and the rethinking of the North-American Diaspora in literature
A homily on the passion of Christ attributed to Elishe
Whispers and breath of the meadows
The fables of Medieval Armenia = Mijnadaryan Hayastani araknere
An anthology of six Armenian poets, featuring the work of Hrachya Sarukhan, Violet Grigorian, Khachik Manoukyan, Azniv Sahakyan, Anatoli Hovhannisyan and Hasmik Simonian. The bed-rock of Armenian poetry is a strong and revered folklore tradition that has produced many outstanding poets from the Middle Ages to modern times, both in Eastern and Western Armenia. As the country and its writers opened up to Western modernism, a huge variety of thematic interactions were sparked between traditional Armenian forms and the innovations that Soviet censorship had suppressed. These poems, and Armine Tamrazian's delicate, sensitive translations, show that sparks continue to fly.
