http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29489 company establishment
company establishment company formation formation of a company establishment of a company
The entrepreneurial organization
Microeconomic and macroeconomic influences on entry and exit of firms
Business plan and the indicators of quality and usefulness : evidence from the Finnish tourism industry
Essays on corporate finance and governance
The art and science of entrepreneurship
Graphic design business : entrepreneur's step-by-step startup guide
Who turns to entrepreneurship later in life? - Push and pull in Finnish rural and urban areas
Starting from scratch : secrets from 21 ordinary people who made the entrepreneurial leap
The big book of small business : you don't have to run your business by the seat of your pants
New, technology-based companies in the United Kingdom and in Finland : a comparative study
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
The business plan for Blueberry Kingdom : the development of a small berry growing business plan
Starting a successful business : start up and grow your own company
Self-employment and the predicted earnings differential - evidence from Finland
Starting & running a restaurant for dummies
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
The perfect business : how to make a million from home with no payroll, no employee headaches, no debts and no sleepless nights!
New venture management : the entrepreneur's roadmap
Financial resources for starting up small bio companies in Finland : case study: bioBITcom
Anything you want : 40 lessons for a new kind of entrepreneur
Import-Export Business Plan
New technology-based firms in the 1990s.. Vol. 6
The startup game : grow your company or inspire others to start theirs!
Import of fruits from Spain to Finland
Entrepreneurship and SME research : on its way to the next millennium
Start up and run your own business
Feasibility Study for a Start-Up Enterprise
Entrepreneurship 2000
The business idea : the early stages of entrepreneurship
The new business road test : what entrepreneurs and executives should do before writing a business plan
New venture creation ; an entrepreneurial approach
Graphic Design Business : Essentials to Focus Upon When Starting a One-Person Graphic Design Business
From barriers to entry to barriers to survival : by P. Verdin and P. J. Williamson
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
Business in action
Feasibility study : establishing a firewood business
Thailand : the business traveller's handbook
The McGraw-Hill guide to starting your own business : a step-by-step blueprint for the first-time entrepreneur
Establishing a business in Finland
Harvard business review on entrepreneurship
The objectives of this thesis is to discuss the e-commerce situation in Ethiopia and to make a brief business plan for a new startup online business based on the business plan to implement a web shop in the country. It provides a general overview theoretically and practically how to do online business in Ethiopia. It also discusses the business plan which is used as a springboard to start an online shop. The theoretical part help others as an information about the infrastructures and market situations in the country for the locals and outsiders. The main idea in this business plan is to use the market opportunity available and to fill the gap in the online market. According to the business plan, the company will be able to achieve its objectives. But we also should not forget that ShegerMarket, as a start-up company, may face challenges when penetrating into the market. Despite the challenges, the company has a great potential to achieve the goals and to be productive in the market. The next step for this business plan is the actual implementation of the webshop. The process of developing the web shop will start by doing research on the design and what features it should have. After this, the development work will continue immediately. The business will probably start in autumn 2015.
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
Business plan for e-commerce platform in Ethiopia
Starting up your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
A manifesto about living life, appreciating enough, and doing what matters. It's most of what fabled entrepreneur Derek Sivers learned in ten years of starting and growing a small business.
The smart entrepreneur : how to build for a successful business
Births-deaths nexus of firms : estimating VAR with panel data
Essentials of small business management
Female enterprise development : a case study of  graduate women in Nairobi
How to set up a company in Oulu Region 1998
Start up & run your own business : the essential guide to planning, funding and growing your new enterprise
Business Plan for Establishing a Café in Alajärvi
Choosing one's way: a co-star or a lonestar? : longitudinal study on the entrepreneurial processes of franchisees and self-employed persons in stand-alone businesses
Support policies for business start-ups and the role of training in the Federal Republic of Germany, in the former German Democratic Republic (GDR) and in Luxembourg : synthesis report
Starting and running a catering business
Dream it, do it, live it : 9 easy steps to making things happening for you
The formation and development of small business : issues and evidence
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Recreation, event, and tourism businesses : start-up and sustainable operations
Entrepreneurship
High tech start up : the complete how-to handbook for creating successful new high tech companies
Doing business in China for dummies
Hit the ground running : doing micro business training in South Africa
Internationalisation Strategies of Born Global Firms : A Case Study of a Dutch Start-up Company
Starting a restaurant business in Saint-Petersburg - Guide for Finnish entrepreneurs
Entry and exit in Swedish industrial sectors
Entrepreneurship and small business : start-up, growth and maturity
The business of creativity : how to build the right team for success
Entrepreneurial capability and new venture formation : a study on entrepreneurs' start-up practices
Small business management fundamentals
New venture creation : entrepreneurship for the 21st century
Formal written business plans : are they really necessary for start-ups?
This book is for the complete beginner caterer, cook and non-cook, through to advice for more experienced caterers looking to trade up or expand. It is full of useful contacts for further research.
How to start, run & stay in business
Write your business plan : get your plan in place and your business off the ground
Forced entrepreneurship : a case of rural entrepreneurs and start-up entrepreneurs
The birth and success of new firms in a changing environment
A practical guide to entrepreneurship : how to turn an idea into a profitable business
Startup communities : building an entrerpreneurial ecosystem in your city
How to set up a company in Oulu Region 2000
Establishing a business in Sweden = Establishing a business in Denmark
Evolution of project management methods and implementation of new technologies in companies and start-ups to disrupt markets
Start up & run your own business : the first steps, funding & going for growth
Corporate venturing : creating new businesses within the firm
Starting a business from home : choosing a business, getting online, reaching your market and making a profit
Starting a successful small business
A business plan for Changjiang Trading Company : starting up a wholesale and distribution company of Asian food in Finland
Growing new ventures, creating new jobs : principles & practices of successful business incubation
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
Starting and managing the small business
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
Angel investing : matching start-up funds with start-up companies - the guide for entrepreneurs, individual investors, and venture capitalists
Entrepreneurship : strategies and resources
The portable MBA in entrepreneurship
Anatomy of a business plan : a step-by-step guide to building a business and securing your company's future
A feasibility study of an organic and local grocery store in Järvenpää
What is the best way to enter Florida's real estate market in today's economy? : This may serve as a simple guide which offers options for a startup real estate company to enter any real estate market
Starting! : your own small business in Finland
Establishing a Multimedia Company in Kenya
European casebook on entrpreneurship and new ventures
Immigrant entrepreneur firm start-up behavior and reasoning : a reflective study of causation, effectuation and bricolage
Operating Environment and Feasibility of an Ethnic Restaurant in Varkaus
From An  Idea to A Start-up: Barriers and Solutions for Undergraduates as Potential Entrepreneurs in Vaasa
Business brief: France
Tax and other incentives for start-ups in some European countries
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
High tech start up : the complete handbook for creating successful new high tech companies
The essence of small business
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Business in France
New firm formation and regional development
The origin and evolution of new businesses
Catering : a guide to managing a successful business operation
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Do more faster : techstars lessons to accelerate your startup
Starting a Small Business in Tampere Region in Finland : Business plan
"Entrepreneurs who need to find the solutions to key challenges will turn to Bygrave. The second edition explores the trials and tribulations of entrepreneurship so that they'll have the necessary tools to start their own businesses. It offers new coverage on social enterprises and ethics due to the rise in green trends and corporate scandals. A new chapter has been added on entrepreneurial selling that examines how to sell to multiple stakeholders. New case studies have also been added to several chapters to provide more relevant views. In addition, updated examples and references are included to provide entrepreneurs with the most useful information."--
New technology-based firms in the new millennium
The effect of establishment motives in international joint venture partner selection and performance
Foreigners Establishing Businesses in Finland
Using Value Proposition Design and Lean Method to Reduce Risks of Starting a Business : Case: Cuban Art Gallery
The Dublin Business Innovation Centre : an evaluation report
Establishing a start-up e-commerce company in Finland
New business ventures and the entrepreneur
Disciplined entrepreneurship : 24 steps to a successful startup
Establishing a tea shop successfully in Varkaus
Off-premise catering management
More than 15 years ago, the staff at Entrepreneur Media introduced bestseller Start Your Own Business. Since its release, Start Your Own Business has sold more than 300,000 copies and has been called &#x0093;the best startup book of all time." At it again, the staff at Entrepreneur delivers a new dose of fundamental startup how-to, backed by 33+ years at the forefront of small business. Write Your Business Plan takes aspiring entrepreneurs past one of the hardest steps of startup second to committing to their business goal &#x0097; defining how to achieve it. Each chapter is devoted to analyzing, explaining.
Entrepreneurship : starting, developing and managing a new enterprise
