http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29492 secularism
secularism
Sacred and secular : religion and politics worldwide
There are, always, more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in one's philosophy - and in these essays the author turns to those things not fully imagined or avenues not wholly explored in his epochal. The author talks in detail about thinkers who are his allies and interlocutors, such as Iris Murdoch, Alasdair MacIntyre, and more.
European muslims and the secular state
A world survey of religion and the state
Emerging ritual in secular societies : a transdisciplinary converstion
The religious and the secular in European human rights discourse
The secular Bible : why nonbelievers must take religion seriously
Globalized islam : the search for a new ummah
Secularism and religion in Jewish-Israeli politics : traditionists and modernity
Contends that the uneven separation of church and state in America, far from safeguarding an arena for democratic flourishing, has functioned instead to promote particular forms of religious possibility while containing, suppressing, or excluding others.
Secular and Islamic politics in Turkey : the making of the Justice and Development Party
Indoctrination, education, and God : the struggle for the mind
The politics of the veil
"Today's culture wars are more heated than ever. Education, public policy, and the separation between church and state have become a battlefield, and many are frustrated with the success the Religious Right has had in shaping the national agenda, from putting the brakes on gay marriage in California to stripping textbooks in Texas of references to Thomas Jefferson. But today, a growing nonreligious minority, nearly 20 percent of Americans, are finally organizing and taking explicit political positions. In Nonbeliever Nation, David Niose argues that America was never in fact a Christian nation and shows how the Religious Right successfully took control of the social and political narrative. He takes us across the country to meet the secular groups now forming in opposition to that force--from humanist gatherings to the rise of the New Atheists to the explosion of secular groups on college and even high school campuses. Niose discusses their political goals, including lobbying efforts, legal strategies, and outreach through advertising and education, and what still needs to be done to make the secular voice a gamechanger in American politics"--
Dilemmas and connections : selected essays
Multiculturalism, muslims and citizenship : a European approach
Religious pluralism and human rights in Europe : where to draw the line?
A secular Europe : law and religion in the european constitutional landscape
The future of religion : toward a reconciled society
Secularism, identity, and enchantment
Religion and democracy
Secularism and freedom of conscience
Political theologies : public religions in a post-secular world
How to accommodate diverse religious practices and laws within a secular framework is one of the most pressing and controversial problems facing contemporary European public order. In this provocative contribution to the subject, Lorenzo Zucca argues that traditional models of secularism, focusing on the relationship of state and church, are out-dated and that only by embracing a new picture of what secularism means can Europe move forward in the public reconciliation of its religious diversity. The book develops a new model of secularism suitable for Europe as a whole. The new model of secularism is concerned with the way in which modern secular states deal with the presence of diversity in the society. This new conception of secularism is more suited to the European Union whose overall aim is to promote a stable, peaceful and unified economic and political space starting from a wide range of different national experiences and perspectives. The new conception of secularism is also more suited for the Council of Europe at large, and in particular the European Court of Human Rights which faces growing demands for the recognition of freedom of religion in European states. The new model does not defend secularism as an ideological position, but aims to present secularism as our common constitutional tradition as well as the basis for our common constitutional future.
A short history of secularism
The Kemalists : Islamic revival and the fate of secular Turkey
Nonbeliever nation : the rise of secular Americans
The present as history : critical perspectives on contemporary global power
Culture and redemption : religion, the secular, and American literature
