http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29403 collocations
collocations
Coordinated verb pairs in texts
Collocation dictionary as an elaborate pedagogical tool for Spanish as a foreign language
The idiom principle and L1 influence : a contrastive learner-corpus study of delexical verb + noun collocations
Collocations cross-linguistically : corpora, dictionaries and language teaching
Did time pass you by or go around you? The collocations of a time noun and a predicate verb in Finnish and Russian
English collocations in use : how words work together for fluent and natural English : self-study and classroom use
Collocations are combinations of words which frequently appear together. Using them makes your English sound more natural. Presents and explains approximately 1,500 word combinations in typical contexts using tables, charts, short texts and dialogues.
Linguistic shots at humour : a collection of papers
Private and public in English : a linguistic analysis based on news reports about the privatisation of British Rail
The aim of this new volume on collocations is twofold : on the one hand, it gives an overview of the most recent research on collocations ; on the other hand, this research is presented from a multilinguistic perspective, which allows the reader to obtain a more universal picture of the phenomenon. The first boom on collocation research was around the 1990s when there was an explosion of publications dealing with the extraction and retrieval of collocations from data bases. Today collocations are still a theme of tropical interest. New unexplored areas of research with questions and tasks that did not exist earlier have risen to the surface and are waiting to be answered and tested. Languages other than English have come onto the stage and are starting to develop their own innovative projects. In addition to the introduction, the eight chapters included in this volume deal with collocations in different languages : four Romance languages (French, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish), two Germanic languages (English and German), one Slavic language (Russian) and one belonging to the Finno-Ugric family (Finnish). The main areas of research represented are phraseology, lexicography and language teaching, areas which often overlap. However, some computational approaches are presented as well. The concept of collocation, as shown in the general bibliography, is not unified. Approaches are diverse. Methodologically, the use of corpus-based and corpus-driven approaches is dominant, but a more qualitative methodology is also applied and carefully explained. The reader has the possibility to observe that languages, even if they show different phases of research on collocations, walk on similar paths.
This book examines delexical verb + noun collocations such as make a decision, give rise to and take care of in Swedish and Chinese learner English. Using a methodological framework that combines learner corpus research with a contrastive perspective, the study is one of the very few in the field to incorporate corpora of the learner's L1 to investigate the effects of L1 influence. The book provides a highly detailed and multi-faceted analysis of delexical verb + noun collocations in terms of frequency of occurrence, lexical preferences and morphosyntactic patterns. Quantitative and qualitative results on overuse, underuse and errors are presented with linguistically and pedagogically relevant interpretations that even include cultural and discourse aspects. More importantly, the book throws light on how L2 learners alternate between the open-choice principle and the idiom principle as well as the extent and nature of L1 influence on their collocational use.
Collocations and idioms 1 : papers from the First Nordic Conference on Syntactic Freezes, Joensuu, May 19-20, 2006
English collocations in use : advanced : how words work together for fluent and natural English : self-study and classroom use
Dictionary of selected collocations
Collocations in a learner corpus
Collocations : a difficult field of research
Investigating Dickens' style : a collocational analysis
Colouring meaning : collocation and connotation in figurative language
Negative contexts : collocation, polarity and multiple negation
