http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29448 remote services
remote services
EUNIS 99 : information technology shaping European universities, 7-9 June 1999, Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland
Tiivistelmä: Platform compatibility issues in mobile learning.
Mystery shopping : 2-volume set
Statistics, measures and quality standards for assessing digital reference library services : guidelines and procedures
Safe blood and blood products. Module 3, Blood group serology
Abstract.
Knowledge models for networked library services
eGate solution for self-service restaurants: case : TAMKOTUKI
European legal aspects of e-commerce
Summary (s. 1-3).
Hybridmedia as a tool to deliver personalised product-specific information about food : report of the Tivik project
E-business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation and practice
Mobile learning
Mobile learning : a handbook for educators and trainers
The electronic home : social and spatial aspects : a scoping report
Electronic grocery stores and their services on the Internet
Libraries without walls. 5, The distributed delivery of library and information services
The critical link 2 : interpreters in the community : papers from the Second International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings, Vancouver, BC, Canada, 19-23 May 1998
Summary, conclusions and recommendations (s. 62-67).
Architectural Solutions for Mobile RFID Services on Internet of Things
Mobile virtual work : a new paradigm?
Access, delivery, performance : the future of libraries without walls : a festschrift to celebrate the work of professor Peter Brophy
Safe blood and blood products : trainer's guide
E-business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation, and practice
Library services for off-campus and distance education : the second annotated bibliography
Attracting, educating, and serving remote users through the Web : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Virtual worlds, real libraries : librarians and educators in Second Life and other multi-user virtual environments
Designing E-Business Systems : markets, services, and networks : 7th workshop on e-business, WEB 2008, Paris, France, December 13, 2008 : revised selected papers
Providing library services for distance education students : a how-to-do-it manual
Safe blood and blood products. Module 1, Safe blood donation
Networked RFID : systems, software and services
Microsoft virtualization secrets : do what you never thought possible with Microsoft virtualization
Abstract: Improving the Remote Condition Monitoring-service with the SLM Model.
Start your own e-business : your step-by-step guide to success
Cognitively empowering internet-based patient education for ambulatory orthopaedic surgery patients
Teleteaching : proceedings of the IFIP TC3 Third Teleteaching Conference, TeleTeaching 93, Trondheim, Norway, 20-25 August, 1993
Distance education and economic and consumer law in the single market
Library services for business students in distance education : issues and trends
Library services for open and distance learning : the third annotated bibliography
Transforming nursing education
Electronic marketing
Libraries without walls 3 : the delivery of services to distant users : proceedings of an international conference held on 10-14 September 1999, organized by the Centre for Research in Library and Information Management (CERLIM), Manchester Metropolitan University
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Developing web-based instruction : planning, designing, managing, and evaluating for results
The everything(R) online auctions book : all you need to buy and sell with success - on eBay(R) and beyond!
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
The knowledge economy and climate change : an overview of new opportunities
The promise of the information society : good practice in using the information society for the benefit of older people and disabled people
The renaissance of humanity
Case studies of the information society and sustainable development : May 2000.
Fixed-mobile wireless networks convergence : technologies, solutions, services
Working and studying on the Internet : proceedings of the Helsinki University of Technology, Seminar on Internetworking : Spring 2001
Safe blood and blood products. Introductory module, Guidelines and principles for safe blood transfusion practice
Libraries and graduate students : building connections
Adoption possibilities and use of RFID in Nigeria health sector
Telelifestyles and the flexicity : the impact of the electronic home : a European study
Libraries without walls. 7, Exploring 'anywhere, anytime' delivery of library services : proceedings of an international conference held on 14-18 September 2007, organized by the Centre for Research in Library and Information Management (CERLIM), Manchester Metropolitan University
Platform compatibility issues in mobile learning
Improving the Remote Condition Monitoring-service with the SLM Model
Telepsychiatry services in Finland
Selling tourism services at a distance : an analysis of the EU consumer acquis
Product features influencing the purchase of wireless handheld terminal
Safe blood and blood products. Module 2, Screening for HIV and other infectious agents
Supply chain management : best practices
eHealth and eWelfare of Finland : checkpoint 2011
Summary (s. 7-10).
Integration of complementary feature blocks in a mobile communication environment
