http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2945 learning
learning
Designing pedagogical models for tourism education : focus on work-based mobile learning
Multiple pathways to the student brain : energizing and enhancing instruction
Adult education and lifelong learning : theory and practice
Autonomous language learning in ELF-classrooms in Finland : a descriptive study
Struggles over corporate social responsibility meanings in teaching practices : the case of hybrid problem-based learning
Conceptions of matter : a phenomenographic approach
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Problem-based learning : educational innovation across disciplines : a collection of selected papers
As teachers around the world deal with the challenges of inclusive education, they must endeavour to find effective ways of enhancing their classroom teaching methods. What Really Works in Special and Inclusive Education presents special educational needs teachers with a range of evidence-based strategies they can immediately put into practice in their classrooms. This unique book will be invaluable to any teacher in the field with neither the time nor the inclination to engage with theory-heavy research, but with a desire to ensure that their teaching strategies are up-to-the-minute and proven to be the most effective best practices. Each of the 26 strategies that this book comprises has a substantial research base, a strong theoretical rationale and clear guidelines on their implementation, as well as cautionary advice where necessary. In this new second edition, David Mitchell, a leading writer in special and inclusive education, continues to break new ground with revised and updated strategies based on evidence from the most recent studies in the field. From the myriad of related research available, only those studies with genuine potential for improving the practices of teachers and schools have been included, with the aim of facilitating practitioners in providing high-quality learning and social outcomes for all. Updates to this new edition include: An even wider international focus, including evidence drawn from the Far East New chapters on Response to Intervention, School-wide strategies, and the Finnish Education System A new companion website, with extra case studies and links to further reading, journal articles and video For anyone with a vocational or academic interest in evidence-based special educational needs teaching strategies – whether student or qualified classroom teacher, teacher trainer, educational psychologist, special needs coordinator, consultant or researcher – this book will be essential reading.
Serious game design : supporting collaborative learning and investigating learners' experiences
"Mintzberg asserts that conventional MBA classrooms overemphasize the science of management while ignoring its art and denigrating its craft, leaving a distorted impression of its practice. We need to get back to a more engaging style of management, to build stronger organizations, not bloated share prices. This calls for another approach to management education, whereby practicing managers learn from their own experience. We need to build the art and the craft back into management education, and into management itself." "Mintzberg examines what is wrong with our current system. Conventional MBA programs are mostly for young people with little or no experience. These are the wrong people. Programs to train them emphasize analysis and technique. These are the wrong ways. They leave graduates with the false impression that they have been trained as managers, which has had a corrupting effect on the practice of management as well as on our organizations and societies. These are the wrong consequences." "Mintzberg describes a very different approach to management education, which encourages practicing managers to learn from their own experience. No one can create a manager in a classroom. But existing managers can significantly improve their practice in a thoughtful classroom that makes use of that experience."--BOOK JACKET. Crump.
Participant-reported Impact of the Non-formal Educational Activities for Teenagers: an Example of the Empowerment Program for Boys
Learning while working : success stories on workplace learning n Europe
Handbook of research and policy in art education
Students of coaching and coaches need the proper resources in order to enhance their practice. This handbook is an interdisciplinary collection of coaching theory and practice by over twenty practitioners from across five countries. It provides overview of all the theoretical constructs that are used in current coaching practices, and spans theories ranging from adult psychology to self-help. With summaries of theoretical traditions related to coaching and concrete applications, the book is ideal for coaches who want to better understand their practice, expand their toolkit, and increase their credibility.
Personality, associative learning and related cortical activity
Effective teaching and learning in practice
Event-related potentials representing auditory perceptual learning of foreign language features in nocturnal sleep
Frame it simple! : towards a theory of conceptual designing
Digital scaffold supporting dialogue and acquisition of academic language related to argumentation during online inquiry
Lifelong learning and the English language : the significance of studying English voluntarily at adult age
Partial explanations as a basis for learning
This book is a complete introduction for all educators who want to understand the techniques, theories and methods of teaching today. It explores the issues that underpin teaching, offering fresh insights with a broad multidisciplinary perspective. It will help teachers at all levels to understand the techniques that they can call upon at different times and situations, and will help to develop more effective teaching practice. This fully updated second edition contains new material on e-moderating and its implications for teaching theory, issues surrounding discipline, and the ethical dimensions of teaching. "The Theory and Practice of Teaching" will be of interest to anyone wanting to develop a deep understanding of the key themes and latest developments in teaching, and is an ideal companion volume to "The Theory and Practice of Learning."
The psychology of human learning : John A. McGeoch
This volume considers the future of science learning - what is being learned and how it is being learned - in formal and informal contexts for science education. To do this, the book explores major contemporary shifts in the forms of science that could or should be learned in the next 20 years, what forms of learning of that science should occur, and how that learning happens, including from the perspective of learners. In particular, this volume addresses shifts in the forms of science that are researched and taught post-school - emerging sciences, new sciences that are new integrations, "futures science", and increases in the complexity and multidisciplinarity of science, including a multidisciplinarity that embraces ways of knowing beyond science. A central aspect of this in terms of the future of learning science is the urgent need to engage students, including their non-cognitive, affective dimensions, both for an educated citizenry and for a productive response to the ubiquitous concerns about future demand for science-based professionals. Another central issue is the actual impact of ICT on science learning and teaching, including shifts in how students use mobile technology to learn science.
Teach your child how to think
The teacher and learning
Psycho-motor behavior in education and sport : selected papers
Peripheral visions : learning along the way
The specific relativity theory of learning
Management & organisational behaviour
The educational potential of e-portfolios : supporting personal development and reflective learning
Negotiating and renegotiating conversational ground rules : formation of an artifact designed to mediate exploratory collaboration
"What is experiential education? What are its theoretical roots? Where does this approach come from? Offering a fresh and distinctive take, this book is about going beyond "learning by doing" through an exploration of its underlying theoretical currents. As an increasingly popular pedagogical approach, experiential education encompasses a variety of curriculum projects from outdoor and environmental education to service learning and place-based education. While each of these sub-fields has its own history and particular approach, they draw from the same progressive intellectual taproot. Each, in its own way, evokes the power of "learning by doing" and "direct experience" in the educational process. By unpacking the assumed homogeneity in these terms to reveal the underlying diversity of perspectives inherent in their usage, this book allows readers to see how the approaches connect to larger conversations and histories in education and social theory, placing experiential education in social and historical context"-- Provided by publisher.
eLearning and organizational learning in vocational educational institutions
Developing a pedagogical model for decentralized tourism education
Language learning strategies : what every teacher should know
An investigation into the role of exposure to speech sounds during sleep in auditory perceptual learning
Emerging student team companies : studying the quality of dialogue and collaborative learning
Engaging students through social media: evidence-based practices for use in student affairs
LAPSET-seminaarin artikkelijulkaisu 2004 = Proceedings of the LAPSET seminar 2004
Enhancing the quality of learning : dispositions, instruction, and learning processes
Concept learning : measured selective attending changes
Learning how to learn
Personality, learning and teaching
How to grow leaders : the seven key principles of effective leadership development
Kindergarten : a year of learning
Call dimensions : options and issues in computer-assisted language learning
Education and learning : an evidence-based approach
A learning community : teachers and students engaged in developing their own learning and understanding
EEG correlates of learning in classical eyeblink conditioning in humans
Coaching and mentoring in higher education : a learning-centred approach
Selected readings on the learning process
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
Expatriate experience as part of the life and career of the expatriate : a cross-cultural adjustment and learning perspective
Special educational needs in the early years
How do you tailor education to the learning needs of adults? Do they learn differently from children? How does their life experience inform their learning processes? These were the questions at the heart of Malcolm Knowles' pioneering theory of andragogy which transformed education theory in the 1970s. The resulting principles of a self-directed, experiential, problem-centred approach to learning have been hugely influential and are still the basis of the learning practices we use today. Understanding these principles is the cornerstone of increasing motivation and enabling adult learners to achieve. This update of a pioneering classic contains all Knowles' original chapters alongside a newer second part by Elwood Ed Holton and Richard A Swanson charting the advancements on these core principles. A third section includes selected readings from previous editions to illustrate the theory's evolution, as well as important articles from other key experts around the world for a comprehensive view. This new edition includes: * New chapter outlines, learning objectives and careful edits of Malcolm Knowles' work to simplify the original theory * Updates to the second part to reflect the very latest advancements in the field * Revisions throughout to make it more readable and relevant to your practices.
Interaction and language learning
Personalized learning in English as a foreign language education
Self-instruction pedagogy : how to teach self-determined learning
My friends = Mis amigos
Drawing on the right side of the brain : a course in enhancing creativity and artistic confidence
Concept and practices of lifelong learning
Encouraging learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples. Part 2
Have a break, move and learn better : a material package for introducing more kinaesthetic exercises into upper secondary school English classes
Nordic inspiration : fresh approaches to museum learning / [editing: Tine Seligmann and Dorthe Godsk Larsen]
On the quantitative edge of feature and gestalt -based associative learning : learning-related ERP changes in the hippocampus and the prefontal cortex during a complex auditory discrimination task in rabbit NM-paradigm
The use of ICT in the teaching and learning process in secondary schools : a case study of two Cameroonian schools
Educational psychology
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
Striving for a shared learning space
Simulating the process of learning and producing rune songs
Algorithmic learning theory : third workshop, ALT '92, Tokyo, Japan, October 20-22, 1992 : proceedings
Learning theory and classroom practice
Novel word learning ability in chronic post-stroke aphasia : variability and modality effects
"Becoming" a professional : an interdisciplinary analysis of professional learning
Lifelong guidance policies: Work in progress : a report on the work of the European Lifelong Guidance Policy Network 2008-10
Widening participation and lifelong learning : the journal of the Institute for Access Studies and the European Access Network
A case study of students' views of learning : What is it? Where does it take place? How does it occur? Why it is important?
Classroom application of using visual stimuli in learning dynamics and pitch
Abstract: Designing an automatic recommendation system for a web based social e-learning application. The purpose of this study was to create a prototype of an automatic recommendation system to demonstrate how recommendation systems work, what the possible pitfalls are and how they can be avoided. The results were evaluated from Bitville's web based social learning application's point of view. First the concept of social e-learning is introduced. Then the technology and the taxonomy of the recommendation system are presented. Some of the mathematical tools that are the base of recommendation engines are introduced and it is shown how they can be used in applications. The outcome of the study was a working prototype that was built on the same programming framework as Bitville's social e-learning application, thus it can be incorporated. With the prototype it was proven that it is possible to build a recommendation engine that takes into account the ratings of the users for different content items and in this way bringing the social element into the recommendation process.
Incorporating social media, digital learning tools and CLIL in language room
Blackwell handbook of infant development
Learning language and culture abroad : language students' experiences of language practice
Finnish foreign language learners' use of English collocations
Spinning e-pedagogical nets : pedagogical development and experiments in higher education
Mobile learning and the playing child
The teaching - learning process
Learning styles and pedagogy in post-16 learning : a systematic and critical review
Introduction to sports biomechanics
What smart students know : maximum grades, optimum learning, minimum time
The handbook of knowledge-based coaching : what we really do when we coach
Beliefs about SLA : new research approaches
Proceedings of the IADIS international conference on cognition and exploratory learning in digital age (CELDA 2006) : Barcelona, Spain, December 8-10, 2006
Context and cognition : ways of learning and knowing
Differentiation in action : a complete resource
Managers, not MBAs : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
An introduction to theories of learning
Learning and understanding : a study of differences in constructing meaning from a text
Co-operative learning : the social and intellectual outcomes of learning in groups
Changes in Finnish nursing students' learning approaches between the mid-1990s and the mid-2000s
In this second edition of the best-selling Second Language Research, Alison Mackey and Sue Gass continue to guide students step-by-step through conducting the second language research process with a clear and comprehensive overview of the core issues in second language research. Supported by a wealth of data examples from actual studies, the book examines questions of what is meant by research and what defines good research questions, covering such topics as basic research principles and data collection methods, designing a quantitative research study, and concluding and reporting research findings. The second edition includes a new chapter on mixed-methods, new "time to think" and "time to do" text boxes throughout, and updates to reflect the latest research and literature. Supplementary materials, including an extensive glossary and appendices of forms and documents that students can use in conducting their own studies, serve as useful reference tools, with suggestions on how to get research published reemphasizing the book's practical how-to approach. Second Language Research, Second Edition is the ideal resource for understanding the second language research process for graduate students in Second Language Acquisition and Applied Linguistics.
What really works in special and inclusive education : using evidence-based teaching strategies
Transformative learning in action: insights from practice
The Thirteenth Edition of Educational Psychology continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, and assessment. Theory and practice are considered together, showing how information and ideas drawn from educational psychology research can be applied to solve the everyday problems of teaching. The text reflects the field as it offers unique and crucial knowledge to any who dare to teach, and to all who love to learn.
Intensive interventions for students struggling in reading and mathematics : a practise guide
Open and flexible learning in vocational education and training
Human learning : studies extending conditioning principles to complex behavior
The environmental kuznets curve in consideration of learning by doing in abatement
Exploring the meaningful learning of students in Second Life
Dialogue with Bakhtin on second and foreign language learning : new perspectives
Experiences of higher education development with CDIO initiative
Do it yourself : a material package for encouraging self-direction in upper secondary school language learning
The context-dependent meaning of learning : paper presented at the 3rd International Congress of the European Association for Research and Development in Higher Education, Klagenfurt University, Austria, January 2-6, 1979
Conversation analysis
The effect of paired associative stimulation-induced long-term potentiation-like plasticity on visuomotor learning
Mediating as supporting identity construction : a PAR study in the context of VIVA Porvoo - Borgå R&D -project
Challenges posed to e-learning quality by   mobile   technologies
Psychology of learning for instruction
A computer-based simulation to enhance official communication in the health care process : how does it promote the facilitating and learning processes?
Psychology in education
Societal integration in organic vegetable farming : exploring the learning challenges
External networked learning in anticipating change : the case of a Finnish vocational educational organization
Necessary conditions of learning
Learning and memory
Mine Your Own Business : Improving English Language Skills for Mining Engineering Education at Lapland UAS
Authentic school science : knowing and learning in open-inquiry science laboratories
Foreign language learning difficulties and learning strategies : four cases
Perspectives from Finland : towards new learning environments
mLUX : Usability and user experience development framework for m-learning
Learning by natural resonance
Towards meaningful simulation-based learning with medical students and junior physicians
"The first curricular-focused outdoor learning textbook for prospective and practising K-12 teachers, this book provides both academic justification and practical support for educators working in a wide variety of environments and with diverse populations of students to incorporate more meaningful outdoor learning opportunities into their daily teaching activities. Learning Outside the Classroom is not a set of prescriptive activities that can be read and used uncritically. The idea of adaptation for personal relevance is central. All teachers are capable of enhancing their students' learning experiences by systematically and progressively incorporating ventures outside the classroom into their lessons. The principles and examples presented in this book are intended to be adapted by teachers to suit the needs of their students in ways that draw upon content offered by the local landscape and its natural and built heritage. Nor is this book just about outdoor learning; it's about good teaching -- wherever it takes place. It is about helping teachers devise and use the tools with which they can address the largely uncontested assumption that legitimate learning only occurs within four walls. Learning outside the classroom affords teachers the privilege of helping and the joy of observing students in a process of intellectual, emotional, and social growth that can last a lifetime"-- Provided by publisher.
Competence and problem based learning : experience, learning and future : International Conference on Problem Based Learning, 12-13 April 2012, Rovaniemi, Finland : programme and abstracts
Learning outside the classroom : theory and guidelines for practice
"Naturally wired to learn" : beliefs about SLA in an online community
ArctiChildren InNet : empowering school eHealth model in the Barents Region
A study of a "model of school learning"
Readings in verbal learning : contemporary theory and research
Eight myths of student disengagement : creating classrooms of deep learning
Schools that learn : a fifth discipline fieldbook for educators, parents, and everyone who cares about education
The golden riches in the grass : lifelong learning for all
Lifelong learning : which ways forward?
The occurrence of voices in third graders' beliefs about the ease and difficulty of foreign languages
'Practice makes perfect' : learning to learn in secondary school EFL textbooks
Habituation and associative learning in random mixtures of deterministic automata
Developing health and social care professionals' competencies by using blened-learning methods
The changing faces of virtual education
Seeing English through signing eyes : Finnish sign language users' views on learning English
Modern learning theory : foundations and fundamental issues
Kanali - from Rauma to the world : Learning international business competence by doing
Language learners' seeking paths and strategies : one dimension of digital literacy
The learning teacher : creating the future
Behavior and psychological man : essays in motivation and learning
They snooze, you lose : the educator's guide to successful presentations
Can the Internet serve as a useful tool in learning English? : a case study
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Learning in the learner's perspective. 4, Considering one's own strategy
Executive summary.
The importance of pupils' interests and out-of-school experiences in planning biology lessons
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis project was to design a plug-in, which integrates a locally installed Eclipse IDE with a remote exercise management system. The client of this project was Viope Solutions OY, an online based eLearning service provider company located in Helsinki Finland. The user groups of the service are students and individuals. This project was carried out using Eclipse plug-in Development Environment (PDE) and different programming technologies such as Java technology, Standard Widget Toolkit (SWT), and XML parsing. In this project there are three plug-in solutions such as: login, chapter and exercise selector,and exercise sender. Each plug-in solution has been integrated with client's already existing system, and tested using dummy data files. As a result, the requirements set for this project have been accomplished. Also additional features, such as enabling users to access exercises from Eclipse IDE main tool bar, were  realized. The plug-ins designed may be useful in facilitating the client's existing exercise handling process. However, only these solutions may not be enough to increase the productivity of the company. Therefore, it is recommended that additional plug-ins with multiple functionalities should be added in future.
E-learning in a global company : case training sales force
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
The base of the iceberg : informal learning and its impact on formal and non-formal learning
Server side collaboration of eLearning platform and integrated development environment
Competence- and Problem-Based Learning at Lapland University of Applied Sciences : Student Handbook
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is the perfect text for undergraduates looking for a concise introduction to the subject, or a study guide to use before examinations. Each topic begins with a summary of essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on core information, with clear, simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and exams. BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is fully up-to-date and covers: Organization of the Nervous System Neuron Excitation Synapses Neurotransmitters Elements of Neural Computing Somatosensory Systems Vision Hearing Smell and Taste Motor Function: Spinal Cord and Brainstem Movement: Cortex, Cerebellum and Basal Ganglia Neuroendocrinology and Autonomic Functions Brain and Behaviour Learning and Memory Neuroscience Methods.
Planning for the early years : storytelling and storymaking : how to plan learning opportunities that engage and interest children
Making sense, shaping meaning : writing in the context of a capacity-based approach to learning
Biff's first times tables
Designing an automatic recommendation system for a web based social e-learning application
Extracurricular language activities in higher education : perspectives of teachers and students
Grasping the future : a challenge for learning and innovation : proceedings of the conference "Grasping the future - a challenge for learning and innovation", 1-3 October 2008, Helsinki, Finland
Cooperative learning : theory, research, and practice
Students' expectations of the learning process in virtual reality and simulation-based learning environments
Application of the casel framework in sport and physical education : a narrative review
Collaborative web-based course to learn military English vocabulary on the FDFMoodle platform : how can collaboration based on the KATRIKS-model in military pedagogy be integrated into the course?
Out-of-the-box? : the state of the academic discussion about strategies and strategy work
Does group size matter in preschool teacher's work? : the skills teachers emphasise for children in preschool groups of different size
Beyond learning by doing : theoretical currents in experiential education
6th graders' skills in different areas of English : a comparison between the students' and teachers' opinion
Study skills For dummies
Informal learning in youth volunteer work : perspectives from the European Voluntary Service programme
Towards a comprehensive theory of human learning
Engaging ideas : the professor's guide to integrating writing, critical thinking, and active learning in the classroom
Testing for teachers
Topsy and Tim learn to swim
Learning theory and online technologies
Controlling uncertainty : decision making and learning in complex worlds
Resources for learning
The adult learner : a neglected species
The role of the learner and the way language is portrayed in the exercises of English and Swedish textbooks for adults
Learning, problem-solving, and after-effects
Freedom to learn for the 80's
Learning and study strategies : issues in assessment, instruction, and evaluation
An Introduction to Foreign Language Learning and Teaching presents an engaging, student-friendly guide to the fields of foreign language learning and teaching. For students beginning their study of these fields, the book provides essential background information, dealing with language learning and teaching in a clear and comprehensible way. An Introduction will also be of value to teachers in training and those already working in the field, providing an up-to-date overview which focuses on contemporary issues while at the same time providing an important historical perspective. The book covers both theoretical and practical aspects of the field and provides suggestions throughout for discussion and workshop activities. Matters related to classroom and task-based teaching are dealt with at length, making the book suitable for use on practical training courses, especially where a degree of theoretical background is also required. Although most of the examples used deal with English as a foreign language, the book offers a suitable introduction for teachers of any foreign language. In this age of unfettered global communication the teaching and learning of foreign languages have never been more important. An Introduction to Foreign Language Teaching and Learning will give you the head start you need to get ahead of the field.
The adult learner : the definitive classic in adult education and human resource development
Playing to learn : the young child, the teacher and the classroom
The process of problem-based learning : guiding instructions for the 7-step approach
Categories of human learning
Ambiguity tolerance as an instrument of learner profiling : a Q methodological study of how upper secondary school students' perceptions of EFL reading reconstruct a learner variable
Life as Learning - a Finnish national research programme
The theory and practice of teaching
Learning in the learner's perspective. 3, Level of difficulty seen as a relationship between the reader and the text
Fast easy way to learn a language
Learning in the learner's perspective. 1, Some common-sense conceptions
"Shiner the sun?" : question development in the writing of Finnish learners of English
An introduction to foreign language learning and teaching
Transformative coaching : a learning theory for practice
Cooperative procedures in learning
Education for adults. 1, Adult learning and education
Hippocampal theta activity, learning and behavioral tendencies
Developing the musician : contemporary perspectives on teaching and learning
"From an award-winning neuroscience researcher with twenty years of teaching experience, Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain uses educator-friendly language to explain how the brain learns. Steering clear of "neuro-myths," Dr. Janet Zadina discusses multiple brain pathways for learning and provides practical advice for creating a brain-compatible classroom. While there are an abundance of books and workshops that aim to integrate education and brain science, educators are seldom given concrete, actionable advice that makes a difference in the classroom. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain bridges that divide by providing examples of strategies for day-to-day instruction aligned with the latest brain science. The book explains not only the sensory/motor pathways that are familiar to most educators (visual, auditory, and kinesthetic), it also explores the lesser known pathways--reward/survival, language, social, emotional, frontal lobe, and memory/attention--and how they can be tapped to energize and enhance instruction. Educators are forever searching for new and improved ways to convey information and inspire curiosity, and research suggests that exploiting different pathways may have a major effect on learning. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain allows readers to see brain science through the eyes of a teacher--and teaching through the eyes of a brain scientist"--
Assessments of user centered design framework for m-learning application development
Children's learning in a digital world
Connecting learning across the institution : new directions for higher education, number 165
Introduction to teaching : helping students learn
Kannessa: A complete resource with research-supported strategies to help you plan and organize differentiated instruction and achieve success with all learners. Applying brain research findings - designing appropriate assessments. Scaffolding learning and increasing challenges - fostering intrinsic motivation. Responding to diverse learning styles.
Dynamics in self-regulated learning - implications for studying person x situation -transactions
Causal learning
A technology of reading and writing. Vol. 1, Learning to read and write : a task analysis
Design in liberal learning
Geese find the missing piece : school time riddle rhymes
The philosophy of human learning
Studies in language acquisition
White paper on education and training : teaching and learning : towards the learning society
A Nordic perspective on career competences and guidance : career choices and career learning
Creating the theory of virtual learning environments : an example of a language forum
Understanding children's development in the early years : questions practitioners frequently ask
Scientific inquiry and nature of science : implications for teaching, learning, and teacher education
How to learn almost anything in 48 hours : shortcuts and brain hacks for learning new skills fast
Cultural challenges to education : The influence of cultural factors in school learning
Concept formation and concept learning
Floppy's ABC
Mitochondrial function and sirtuin expression in hippocampus of young and old high- and low-capacity runner rats
Learning while working : success stories on workplace learning in Europe
From understanding to participation : a relational approach to embodied practices
Songs in Go for it!3- text- and workbooks
Second language research : methodology and design
Facilitating reflective learning through mentoring & coaching
International handbook of research in arts education
The Future in Learning Science 2015 : what's in it for the learner
Adult education and the pursuit of wisdom
Learning and skills
How we learn : learning and non-learning in school and beyond
Intelligent leadership and leadership competencies : developing a leadership framework for intelligent organizations
A practical guide to problem-based learning online
Understanding sports coaching : the social, cultural and pedagogical foundations of coaching
Second language learning and language teaching
Mathematical difficulties : psychology and intervention
The "Handbook of Research and Policy in Art Education" marks a milestone in the field of art education. Sponsored by the National Art Education Association and assembled by an internationally known group of art educators, this 36-chapter handbook provides an overview of the remarkable progress that has characterized this field in recent decades. Organized into six sections, it profiles and integrates the following elements of this rapidly emerging field: history, policy, learning, curriculum and instruction, assessment, and competing perspectives. Because the scholarly foundations of art education are relatively new and loosely coupled, this handbook provides researchers, students, and policymakers (both inside and outside the field) an invaluable snapshot of its current boundaries and rapidly growing content. In a nutshell, it provides much needed definition and intellectual respectability to a field that as recently as 1960 was more firmly rooted in the world of arts and crafts than in scholarly research.
Lexical cross-linguistic influence in the written English production of Finnish 6th grade pupils
Human learning
How people learn : brain, mind, experience, and school
Read and rhyme
Problem solving in groups
Configural learning in rabbit nictitating membrane conditioning : acquisition of biconditional discrimination
Globalisation, lifelong learning and the learning society : sociological perspectives
Learning about learning disabilities
Brilliant memory
Necessary Conditions of Learning presents a research approach (phenomenography) and a theory (the variation theory of learning) introduced and developed by Ference Marton and taken up by his wide and varied following around the world—together with their practical applications in educational contexts. Reflecting Marton's whole lifetime's work, the unique and significant contribution of this book is to offer an evidence-based answer to the questions "How do we make novel meanings our own?" and "How do we learn to see things in more powerful ways?"       The presentation makes use of hundreds of empirical studies carried out in Europe and Asia which build on the theory. The line of reasoning and the way in which the examples are put together is consistent with the theory—it is both presented and applied. The main argument is that in order to learn we have to discern, and to discern the intended ideas we must be presented with carefully structured variation, against a background of invariance. We then go through processes of contrast, generalization, and fusion in order to make sense. These insights form a practical framework for those who design teaching and teaching materials. Necessary Conditions of Learning is a major original work for which scholars of pedagogical theory have been waiting a long time.
Promoting meaningful learning through video production-supported PBL
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
Were you looking for the book with access to MyEducationLab? This product is the book alone, and does NOT come with access to MyEducationLab. Buy the book and access card package to save money on this resource. The 12th Edition of Educational Psychology maintains the lucid, jargon-free writing style for which the author is renowned, combined with a clear emphasis on educational psychology's practical relevance for teachers and students in classrooms. Written to look at teaching from the student's perspective and how students learn and retain information, the new edition continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, assessment. It adds expanded coverage of the brain and neuroscience, the impact of technology, student diversity, as well as a new chapter devoted to Language Development, Language Diversity, and Immigrant Education (Ch 5). This text, known for its state of the art presentation of the field of educational psychology, is exceptionally applied and replete with examples, lesson segments, case studies, and practical ideas from experienced teachers.
The effect of transient visual deprivation on motor cortical excitability and motor learning : a pilot study
Musical experiences in learning English as a foreign language
Inquiry-guided learning : new directions for teaching and learning
Second language demotivation : factors that discourage pupils from learning the English language
Principles of behavior modification
Age-proof your brain : sharpen your memory in 7 days
Second Language Learning and Language Teaching provides an introduction to the application of second language acquisition research to language teaching. Assuming no previous background in second language acquisition or language teaching methods, this text starts by introducing readers to the basic issues of second language acquisition research. It then examines how people learn particular aspects of the second language, such as grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation and the writing system, and at the strategies they adopt in their learning and the differences between individuals. Final chapters look at second language learning in a broader context - the goals of language teaching and how teaching methods relate to SLA research. This newly updated fifth edition builds on the comprehensive scope of earlier editions while also addressing more recent developments in the field, particularly multilingual approaches to language teaching.
Learning in the learner's perspective. 2, Differences in awareness
Creative and playful learning on technology-enriched playgrounds : an international investigation
Sustainable feedback in higher education : relation between and changeability of self-efficacy, goal orientation, and learning behavior
Effects of post-training hippocampal dentate spike - contingent stimulation on learning after trace fear conditioning in rats
Me and my English : a material package promoting self-assessment in the primary school
Teaching in life sciences : current practices and development : reports from University pedagogy courses at Viikki Campus
The theory and practice of learning
Current Trends in Translation Teaching and Learning E
