http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29400 revelations
revelations
The way the world ends? : the Apocalypse of John in culture and ideology
A commentary on the Apocalypse of John
Apocalypse interpreted : the types of interpretation of the Book of Revelation in Finland 1944-1995, from the Second World War to the Post-Cold War World
Imagery in the Book of Revelation : [... Seminar Early Christianity between Judaism and Hellenism at the international meeting of the SBL/EABS in Vienna, Austria, 2007]
Reading the book of Revelation : a resource for students
Cosmology and eschatology in Jewish and Christian apocalypticism
The metaphor of the city in the Apocalypse of John
The People of God in the Apocalypse : discourse, structure, and exegesis
Woman, mother, and bride : an exegetical investigation into the "ecclesial" notions of the apocalypse
From every people and nation : the book of Revelation in intercultural perspective
According to the pre-modern Christian tradition, knowledge of God is mainly testimonial: we know certain important truths about God and divine things because God himself has told them to us. In academic theology of late this view is often summarily dismissed. But to do so is a mistake, claims Mats Wahlberg, who argues that the testimonial understanding of revelation is both intellectually viable and indispensable to Christian theology. Criticizing the currently common idea that revelation should be construed exclusively in terms of God's self manifestation in history or through inner experience, Wahlberg discusses the concept of divine testimony in the context of the debate about how any knowledge of God is possible. He draws on resources from contemporary analytic philosophy -- especially John McDowell and Nicholas Wolterstorff -- to argue for the intellectual viability of revelation as divine testimony." Review: Reinhard Hütter-- Duke Divinity School"An extraordinarily lucid and deftly argued philosophical defense and theological appropriation of revelation as testimony. Wahlberg's astute interrogation of Protestant liberal, neo-orthodox, and postliberal accounts of revelation alone is worth the price of the book, and his discussion of miracles in connection with testimony is one of the most intelligent I have read in recent years. The book's exemplary clarity and grace of style make it a delight to read. This is the best work on revelation by a philosophical theologian in years. "Tolle, lege!" Take and read!"Nicholas Wolterstorff-- Yale University"Mats Wahlberg's "Revelation as Testimony" is extraordinary -- extraordinary in its bold challenge to the widespread assumption by theologians that 'propositional revelation' is an untenable idea, extraordinary in the skill with which it employs recent discussions by philosophers to develop the idea of revelation as testimony, extraordinary in the cogency and lucidity of its argumentation. No responsible discussion of revelation henceforth -- whether by theological liberals or by theological conservatives -- can fail to take account of Wahlberg's penetrating discussion. I predict that it will be a 'game changer.'
Messianic revelation in the Old Testament
Commentary on the Revelation of Saint John
Commentary on Revelation
Breaking the code : understanding the Book of Revelation
After the thousand years : resurrection and judgment in Revelation 20
Revelation : the apocalypse of Jesus Christ
Empire and apocalypse : postcolonialism and the New Testament
Marko Jauhiainen contributes to the ongoing discussion regarding the use of the Old Testament in Revelation by seeking to clarify the question of how exactly the book of Revelation uses the book of Zechariah. Undertaking a thorough examination of the links between the two documents, the author concludes that the number of allusions to Zechariah is significantly smaller than often maintained and that the exaggerated claims are at least partly traceable back to inadequate methodology. Yet John's use of Zechariah makes a significant contribution to Revelation. The burning issue for Zechariah was the coming restoration of God's people and John, firmly anchored in the Jewish prophetic tradition, brings closure to open, unfulfilled prophecies, offering his own vision as the final word on the question of when and how this restoration will take place.
"In the book of Revelation, John appeals to the faithful to avoid the temptations of wealth, which he connects with evil and disobedience within secular society. New Testament scholars have traditionally viewed his somewhat radical stance as a reaction to the social injustices and idolatry of the imperial Roman cults of the day. Mark D. Mathews argues that John's rejection of affluence was instead shaped by ideas in the Jewish literature of the Second Temple period which associated the rich with the wicked and viewed the poor as the righteous. Mathews explores how traditions preserved in the Epistle of Enoch and later Enochic texts played a formative role in shaping John's theological perspective. This book will be of interest to those researching poverty and wealth in early Christian communities and the relationship between the traditions preserved in the Dead Sea Scrolls and New Testament"--
The book of Revelation : Apocalypse and empire
Mechthild of Magdeburg : selections from The flowing light of the Godhead translated from the Middle High German with introduction, notes, and interpretive essay
Mark B. Stephens investigates the cosmic eschatology of Revelation, with a particular focus on the question of continuity and discontinuity. He shows that the imagery and auditions of Revelation communicate both judgement upon the present order of creation, and yet at the same time the eschatological renewal of all things.
The Cloisters Apocalypse. II, Commentaries on an early fourteenth-century manuscript
Revelation 1-5
A history of the end of the world : how the most controversial book in the Bible changed the course of Western civilization
Crisis and catharsis : the power of the Apocalypse
Experiencing the apocalypse : the art of suppleness at the limits of alterity
The Anchor Yale Bible. Volume 38A, Revelation : a new translation with introduction and commentary
Revelation and the end of all things
Epiphanius' Alogi and the Johannine controversy : a reassessment of early ecclesial opposition to the Johannine Corpus
The New Testament library. Revelation : a commentary
The Revelation of John : a narrative commentary
God and history in the Book of Revelation : New Testament studies in dialogue with Pannenberg and Moltmann
Annihilation or renewal? : the meaning and function of new creation in the book of Revelation
The book of Revelation : a commentary on the Greek text
Revelation unsealed : a narrative critical approach to John's Apocalypse
The Paschal liturgy and the Apocalypse
The throne of god : a poem for mixed voices and orchestra : the text from the book of Revelation
Revelation
Parousia and paraenesis : the parousia motif and its paraenetic use in the Book of Revelation
Heart of Darkness : A study of film adaptation
Paul, John, and apocalyptic eschatology : studies in honour of Martinus C. de Boer
Contrasting images of the Book of Revelation in late medieval and early modern art : a case study in visual exegesis
Mysterious apocalypse : interpreting the book of Revelation
The Commentary on Revelation is Bede's first venture into Biblical exegesis -- an ambitious choice for a young monastic scholar in a newly Christianized land. Its subject matter – the climax of the great story of creation and redemption, of history and of time itself – adds to the Commentary's intrinsic importance, for these themes lie at the heart of Bede's concerns and of his achievement as a historian, exegete, scholar, and preacher. But Bede was also a man of his age. When he penned the Commentary around 703, speculation and anxiety about the end of the world was in the air. According to conventional chronology, almost 6000 years had passed since creation. If for God 'one day... is as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day' (2 Peter 3:8), the world was destined to last six millennia, corresponding to the six days of creation. The end, then, was close. Bede vigorously opposed the temptation to calculate the time of the end. The Commentary argues that Revelation is not a literal prophecy, but a symbolic reflection on the perennial struggle of the Church in this world. At the same time, the young Bede is starting to shape his own account of how the end-times would unfold. This translation, prefaced by a substantial Introduction, will be of interest to students of medieval religious and cultural history, of Anglo-Saxon England, and of the history of Biblical exegesis in the Middle Ages.
The last secret of Fatima : my conversations with Sister Lucia
Paul Penley advances our understanding of the sources used behind the composition of John's Apocalypse by performing a source-critical investigation of selected portions of the Apocalypse and of the Gospels of Matthew and Luke. Penley applies specific criteria for compositional influence (shared vocabulary, phrases, grammar, syntax, ideas, and contexts) to these texts demonstrating clear links between them. Penley first surveys recent research on tracing oral traditions behind the Synoptic Gospels, and on how John's Old Testament allusions have been mediated through Jewish and Christian interpretive traditions. He then conducts a comparative analysis of Synoptic sayings of judgment and John's Apocalypse, finding many instances of shared tradition. One example is Revelation 6, which Penley identifies as sharing a common sequence with Luke 21. The cumulative weight and character of the unique connections examined in this work expose a common oral tradition that framed Old Testament prophetic material in a recognizable but flexible manner.
Elusive Apocalypse : reading authority in the Revelation to John
In this work T. Scott Manor provides a new perspective on a common view, known as the 'Johannine Controversy', which maintains that the early church once tried to jettison the Gospel and Apocalypse of John as heretical forgeries. Primary evidence comes from Epiphanius of Salamis, who mentions a heretical group with such views, the Alogi. This along with with other evidence from sources including Irenaeus, Hippolytus, Origen, Eusebius, Photius, Dionysius bar Salibi, Ebed-Jesu and others has led to the conclusion that a certain Gaius of Rome led the Alogi in this anti-Johannine campaign. By carefully examining Epiphanius' account in relation to these other sources, Manor arrives at very different conclusions that question whether any such controversy ever existed at all.
Revelation as testimony : a philosophical - theological study
"Whoever has ears, let him hear" : the hearing formula in early Christian writings
Studies in the Apocalypse : being lectures delivered before the University of London
I saw the world end : an introduction to the Bible's apocalyptic literature
The Revelation of John
The reality of Apocalypse : rhetoric and politics in the book of Revelation
The revelation of Jesus Christ : which God gave to him to show to his servants what must soon take place (Revelation 1.1)
Social-science commentary on the book of Revelation
The future of the world : an exegetical study of Revelation 19.11-22.15
Revelation 6-16
The Revelation of John : a continental commentary
The common tradition behind synoptic sayings of judgment and John's Apocalypse : an oral interpretive tradition of OT prophetic material
Death and desire : the rhetoric of gender in the Apocalypse of John
The streets of heaven : the ideology of wealth in the Apocalypse of John
The Revelation of Saint John the Divine
Features studies in honour of Martinus C de Boer that offer important backgrounds and new insights by leading New Testament scholars on Paul, John, and Apocalyptic Eschatology.
The Book of Revelation
Commentary on the Apocalypse
Revelation : introduction, translation and commentary
Neue Studien zu den johanneischen Schriften = New studies on the Johannine writings
"Those who call themselves Jews" : the church and Judaism in the Apocalypse of John
The climax of prophecy : studies on the Book of Revelation
The Revelation of St. John
Apocalypticism, prophecy and magic in early Christianity : collected essays
In Empire and Apocalypse Stephen Moore offers us the most complete introduction yet to the emergent field of postcolonial biblical criticism. It includes an indispensable in-depth introduction to postcolonial theory and criticism together with a detailed survey of postcolonial biblical criticism. Next come three substantial exegetical chapters on the Gospels of Mark and John and the Book of Revelation, which together demonstrate how postcolonial studies provide fresh conceptual resources and critical strategies for rethinking early Christianity's complex relations to the Roman Empire. Each of these three texts, to different degrees, Moore argues, mimic and replicate fundamental facets of Roman imperial ideology even while resisting and eroding it. The book concludes with an amply annotated bibliography whose main section provides a comprehensive listing of work done to date in postcolonial biblical criticism.
Annunciation
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 123, Commentary on the Apocalypse
Interpretation of the Revelation of St. John the Divine
The use of Zechariah in Revelation
Jesus and the angels : angelology and the christology of the Apocalypse of John
The Lamb christology of the Apocalypse of John : an investigation into its origins and rhetorical force
The Johannine corpus in the early church
An introduction to Revelation
The Revelation of Saint John
Doubleday Bible commentary. Revelation
An Apocalypse for the Church and for the world : the narrative function of universal language in the Book of Revelation
Seeing things John's way : the rhetoric of the book of Revelation
3 Baruch : Greek-Slavonic Apocalypse of Baruch
Commentary on the Apocalypse of St. John
Revelation 17-22
The New Testament and early Christian literature in Greco-Roman context : studies in honor of David E. Aune
The revelation of St. John : an inner journey to liberation
Scribal habits and theological influences in the Apocalypse : the singular readings of Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, and Ephraemi
Apocalypse as utopian expectation (800-1500) : the apocalypse commentary of Berengaudus of Ferrières and the relationship between exegesis, liturgy and iconography
Riches, poverty, and the faithful : perspectives on wealth in the Second Temple period and the Apocalypse of John
