http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29404 enterprise resource planning systems
enterprise resource planning systems enterprise resource planning ERP systems
Organizational and performance consequences of management control systems : ERP in small service companies
An examination of factors influencing ERP key-user satisfaction : A qualitative case study
Implementation of SAP R/3 production planning module
Production planning and control with SAP® ERP
Research of ERP Application Prospects and Its Implementation at Chinese SMEs
Cross system data flow in B2B system integration : a case study: customer to Nokia Siemens Networks Purchase Order Data Flow
Market research : discovering business opportunities for Soloplan GmbH in Finland
The SAP R/3 system : an introduction to EPR and business software technology
Transformation of organizational structures in a multinational enterprise : the case of an enterprise resource planning system  utilization
Applying user-centred design in ERP implementation requirements analysis
Discover SAP
Implementing SAP R/3 sales and distribution
End user survey to improve ERP system support services
Mitigating uncertainty in logistics outsourcing with ERP systems
Exploring the competitive advantage through ERP systems : from implementation to applications in agile networks
SAP planning : best practices in implementation
Abstract.
It is important for a company, whose income is based on the number of the active customers to have a way to track how well they can keep their customers and to know what their customers think about their services. The aim of this Bachelor’s thesis was to develop a new feature that allows the manager of a company to track the rate in which company loses active customers and a way that allows managers to create surveys or ask questions that can help them to improve their services, this information can then help them reduce the rate in which they lose customers. The feature was developed using PHP, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and MySQL. PHPUnit testing framework was utilized for testing backend PHP code and Twig template engine was utilized for frontend PHP. As a result of this thesis, a new feature was implemented into an existing system. This feature has 2 views. The first one allows the manager of a company to view the customer attrition rate displayed as a line chart or in a table. Another one allows the manager to create questions for the customers and the created questions will then be displayed to customers when they log into the service. In future the feature can be expanded to track the rate of how long customers stay active after joining or adding new types of tracked customers by age, family relations or group exercise.
Optimizing sales and distribution in SAP® ERP : functionality and configuration
Monolith ERP and current IT-trends : Creating a step by step development model (SSDM) for existing monolith ERP system to adapt to the current IT-trends
Modern ERP : select, implement & use today's advanced business systems
SAP FI optimizes financial accounting performance
Risk management in ERP Projects : Case: Upgrading to Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
This book helps you learn how to work with the SAP ERP HCM architecture and data model. It includes program for custom enhancements, reports, performance, and more. You can understand what SuccessFactors, SAP HANA, SAP Fiori, and HR Renewal mean for you. Your SAP ERP HCM system needs more than just a pretty face - get the information you need to work with your backend system. The book will help you to master the technical aspects of SAP ERP HCM, starting with the basics of its architecture, and moving to more advanced concepts like authorizations and performance programming. With the help of screenshots and detailed instructions, you'll acquire new skills in no time flat.
Business processes : operational solutions for SAP implementation
An analysis of product data management system development project
SAP R/3 handbook
Sams teach yourself SAP R/3 in 24 hours
Dynamics AX : a guide to Microsoft Axapta
Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 development cookbook : solve real-world Microsoft Dynamics AX development problems with over 80 practical recipes
Integrated business processes with ERP systems
Management of Access right process in ERP : a case study
Investigating the success of ERP systems in Pakistan : end-users' perspective
Enterprise resource planning : fundamentals of design and implementation
Abstract: ERP acquisition in small businesses - case Helpten. The objective of this thesis was to survey which, or what kind of Enterprise Resource Planning system is most suitable for the growing small business Helpten and to make a proposal to Helpten management on the most suitable system provider. The aim was to find a system to support business in a better way than the current system. Literature on ERP acquisition was studied to support the system survey. The focus was on system acquisition in small businesses. As part of the study a requirement specification for the new system was made between management and employees in the customer company. Based on the requirement specification currently available, ERP systems were surveyed for suitable alternatives and potential ERP system providers were interviewed. Three different systems were compared and scored based on criteria of the requirement specification. On the basis of the comparison and system presentations it could be concluded that the best system to meet the needs of Helpten could be Microsoft Dynamics NAV and Dynamics CRM. The delivery model and the functionality of the system responded to the imposed demands set by the company. The study also showed that large system providers also provide good system alternatives for small businesses, taking their specific needs into account. The survey also showed the challenges of information system acquisition in a small business, where similar acquisitions have not been done before. Based on the study it was found that special attention has to be put to the planning and requirement specification of the new system.
Capable to match (CTM) with SAP APO
Enterprise resources planning and beyond : integrating your entire organization
Inside Microsoft Dynamics Marketing
Exploring management accounting change in ERP context : four perspectives
Implementing SAP R/3 : the guide for business and technology managers
SAP transaction codes : your quick reference to T-codes in SAP ERP
Enterprise resource planning systems : systems, life cycle, electronic commerce, and risk
SAP R/3 implementation : methods and tools
Master data quality in ERP deployment projects : case SAP / Roman Korolev
Enterprise resource planning (ERP) software selection and success of acquisition process in wholesale companies
Discover logistics with SAP® ERP
Enterprise resource planning systems success assessment : an integrative framework
Data Quality is not new. Many organizations are trying to reach quality during their deployment projects in different ways and using different tools. However following study is not going to talk about tools and how SAP is handy in different aspects of business life. The purpose of the study is to explore the importance of master data quality during deploy-ment projects. Study is representing combination of theory and practical suggestion which can be utilized in real world. Theory part introduce to the reader main aspect of master data in material management and sales and distribution modules of SAP. However the methodology of the study is base on the governance approach which controls master data by variation of regulations and rules. Base on the governance approach, study suggests templates which could be utilize by any organization during collection of master data. Following templates represent general view of the research problem, that means each organization has own way of utilization of the sug-gested templates base on their own processes. In practical part of the study is shown interac-tion between theory and suggested templates, which are utilize in procurement process in SAP. Such utilization will show importance of collection of valid and complete master data during deployment project. Knowledge gained from this study has the potential in assisting medium-sized organizations to improve the quality of the data used in their ERP systems.
Construction of an institutionally aware process-oriented performance measurement system : a case study of a Finnish local government
Customizing extended warehouse management with SAP® ERP
Lean performance ERP project management : implementing the virtual supply chain
"This is the first ERP book to present comprehensive strategies and techniques that enable organizations to take charge of their ERP projects to drive success. The author describes how to become less dependent on outside software consultants, significantly reduce implementation and support costs, mitigate risks, and design business solutions that work for your company"--Publisher description.
Future of business critical solutions in cloud based IT services
SAP ERP HCM : technical principles and programming
Creation of a balanced scorecard
Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009 application design : design and extend complete applications using Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
Design and implementation of a data warehousing solution for analyzing data from ERP systems
Market situation of enterprise resource planning systems in engineering offices in the context of marketing planning
SAP R3 for everyone : step-by-step instructions, practical advice, and other tips and tricks for working with SAP
This market research was conducted on a request of the logistics software specialist Soloplan GmbH to discover business opportunities in the Finnish Transport Management System (TMS) producer market. The basis for the research lies in numerous theories which suggest certain key factors to be examined to better predict success or failure for a company in a target market. These essential factors were said to be the macro environment, the market size and trend, the competitive setting on the market and most importantly the features of the customers. The goal was to acquire enough information about all of these to be able to analyze whether it could be recommended for Soloplan GmbH to establish business operations in Finland. The research proved Finland being attractive due to its supportive macro environment, the high importance of transportations sector to the country in general and the large number of potential customers i.e. the road haulage companies. A survey was conducted to estimate the demand and to learn more about the potential customers. The results showed that the usage of TMS is not widespread, but the interest in it exists. However, the survey also indicated that the target market is segmented and dominated by smaller transporters with less need for such management tool and high price-sensitivity. Also the competition in the market was found to be quite intensive. It was concluded that successful market entry for Soloplan GmbH would require product customization for the local needs and it is not recommended alone for the small Finnish market.
Enterprise Resource Planning and Obstacles in The Implementation Process : The Case of Kalmar
Sams teach yourself SAP in 24 hours
Best Practices of successful ERP implementations in SMEs
PS-HR quality in ERP deployment projects integration SAP case : case study (PS-HR)
Implementation of J.D. Edwards address book system and freight application - case Fisher-Rosemount Oy
Data flows in SAP R/3 - ERP-system : case ABB transformers, Vaasa, Finland
Working with Odoo 10 : configure, manage, and customize Odoo to build professional-level business applications
Industrial software applications : a master's course for engineers
Supply chain management based on SAP systems : order management in manufacturing companies
Using Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012
ERP acquisition in small businesses : case Helpten
Essentials of information systems
Implementing Microsoft dynamics NAV 2009 : explore the new features of Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009, and implement the solution your business needs
Development of a customer retention feature for FitnessBooker
Implementation of an ERP system
A comparative study of critical success factors for ERP system implementation in China and Finland
ERP systems implementation in a multinational environment - risks and opportunities
Inside Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012
The Effects of the New Credit Management Process and OnGuard Software on the Case Company South Europe
This research was to investigate the components of SAP ERP Financial Accounting module and its main functions in order to find out how SAP FI optimizes financial accounting performance.     There were two theoretical parts: SAP ERP system and financial accounting.  In the first part, there was a short introduction of SAP Company and its products, illustration of the components of SAP ERP, accounting module and FI module and summarization of main features of SAP system. In the second part, the financial accounting process and financial analysis tools and their limits were described.    In the research part, the focuses were put on the investigation of main components and key functions of FI four basic sub modules which are FI-GL, FI-AR, FI-AP, and FI-AA.     The research results found that SAP FI optimized financial accounting performance through providing high quality accounting information, multi-dimensional and extended analysis and report tools and accelerating decision-making process.     These findings could help decision makers to improve their financial performance and web-developers to improve the design of financial functions, and also could be used by students or researchers who are studying or interested in ERP FI module.
Some call it ERP : three perspectives
The road to integration : a guide to applying the ISA-95 standard in manufacturing
Usage of an enterprise resource planning system in customer order processing
SAP R/3 plant maintenance : making it work for your business
Abstract: From hypothesis and scenarios toward forecast-initiated action platforms for decision-making in networks.
ERP (enterprise resource planning) implementation and application in tourism industry in China: case company: Qingdao Hai Tian Travel Agency
ERP post-implementation support in case company
Implementing SAP ERP sales & distribution
Evaluating the usability of a workflow application
Enterprise systems integration
Inside Microsoft Dynamics AX 4.0
SAP project system handbook
ERP and business processes : illustrated with Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
TE ASM demands to configuration management database
A survey of user experience regarding sales and recurring invoicing processes
Configuring SAP ERP sales and distribution
Discover SAP® ERP financials
Practical guide to sales and distribution in SAP ERP
Integrating online survey into ERP system : case: FeedbackDialog Oy
Odoo 10 Development Essentials : fast-track your development skills to build powerful Odoo 10 business applications
Preparing for ERP Implementation : Case: Enersize Oy
SAP R/3 enterprise software : an introduction
Integration in multinational companies : case process harmonization and ERP implementation project OneKem Program
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
This book introduces the basic principles for applying enterprise resource planning (ERP) to business needs. Describes the use of ERP for monitoring and controlling business processes; offers practical solutions to the design and implementation of ERP.
The main objective of this study is to explore how vital PS-HR is to the company in question during the deployment. This thesis is also meant to help provide a better understanding of the PS-HR quality in ERP Deployment within SAP system in a company.The educational know how gained from carrying out this study has the possibility of lending a helping hand to the small and medium sized companies that incorporate the PS-HR quality modules within their system with an aim of later im-proving them.The Theory Section focuses on Key PS (Project System) and HR (Hu-man Resources) modules.The empirical part, deserves the research, interviews with students who have used the PS-HR modules and the personal experience from the lecturersThe empirical part, deserves the research, interviews with employees from a PR-selected company who have studied and had first-hand hands on experience in using the PS-HR modules and the personal experience and input from the lecturers.
This text takes a generic approach to enterprise resource planning systems and their interrelationships, covering all functional areas of this new type of management challenge. It discusses the re-design of business processes, changes in organizational structure, and effective management strategies that will help assure competitiveness, responsiveness, productivity, and global impact for many organizations in the years ahead.
Designing user acceptance testing plan for ERP implementation
Customizing materials management processes in SAP® ERP operations
