http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2949 storing and recording
storing and recording
Sonic persuasion : reading sound in the recorded age
The dam book : digital asset management for photographers
Activities 2003-2004
Sound On Sound : Espoo
Sound recording practice
Coordinating digitisation in Europe : progress report of the National Representatives Group : coordination mechanisms for digitisation policies and programmes 2003
Practical recording techniques : the step-by-step approach to professional audio recording
IP SANs : a guide to iSCSI, iFCP, and FCIP protocols for storage area networks
Good practices handbook
Cultural heritage for all : on digitisation, digital preservation and digital dissemination in the archive, library and museum sector
Electronic and experimental music : technology, music and culture
Statistics for ecologists using R and Excel : data collection, exploration, analysis and presentation
Planet Google : how one company is transforming our lives
Museums and the Web 2005 : selected papers from an international conference
Porting decompression libraries on embedded systems
Analog recording vs. digital recording
Photoshop CS6 : the missing manual
Practical art of motion picture sound
Charge-coupled devices and their applications
Digitized materials in ethnological research : future needs and present deeds
Sound and recording : an introduction
Digital professional portfolios for change
From demo to delivery : the process of production
Capturing analog sound for digital preservation : report of a roundtable discussion of best practices for transferring analog discs and tapes, March 2006.
Handbook of recording engineering [fourth edition]
Deep time : how humanity communicates across millennia
Secrets of recording : professional tips, tools & techniques
Hangukhak jaryoui jeonsanhwa yeongu = [The Proceedings of the conference on the computerization of Korean studies materials]
Towards optical communication in parallel computers
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
User interface paradigms in digital audio workstations : examining and modernising established models
Museums and the Web 2001 : selected papers from an international conference
Producing and Directing the Short Film and Video
The home recording handbook
Sound On Sound : Vantaa
Folklore and oral tradition
Digital libraries : current issues : Digital Libraries Workshop DL '94, Newark, NJ, USA, May 19-20, 1994 : selected papers
Abstract: MPEG-2 Transport Streamin siirto MPLS-verkon yli.
Live forever : collecting live art
On distributed storage codes
Museums and the Web 2006 : selected papers from an international conference
Recording software & plug-ins
Rethinking digital photography : making & using traditional & contemporary photo tools
The rough guide to iPods & iTunes
Optical recording, storage, and retrieval systems
International conference "Transforming culture in the digital age" : 14-16 April 2010, Tartu, Estonia : abstracts
Museums and the Web 2002 : selected papers from an international conference
New opportunities for benchmarking the digitisation of cultural heritage in Europe
Veteran photographer Stan Sholik answers 365 of the most frequently asked questions about the new Lightroom 4 in an informative, practical format, making it easy to find what you're looking for and put the information to use. Sample photos illustrate questions and answers, and a quick-reference guide provides easy access to must-have information.
The photographer's eye : composition and design for better digital photos
Complete digital photography
How can various technologies, from the more conventional to the very new, be used to archive, share and understand dance movement? How can they become part of new ways of creating dance? What does this tell us about the ways in which technology is part of how we make sense and think? Well-known choreographers and dance collectives including William Forsythe, Siohban Davis, Merce Cunningham, Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker and BADco. have initiated projects to investigate these questions, and in so doing have inaugurated a new era for dance archives, education, research and creation. Their work draws attention to the intimate relationship between the technologies we use and the ways in which we think, perceive, and make sense. Transmission in Motion examines these extraordinary projects 'from the inside', presenting in-depth analyses by the practitioners, artists and collectives involved in their development. These studies are framed by scholarly reflection, illuminating the significance of these projects in the context of current debates on dance, the (multi-media) archive, immaterial cultural heritage and copyright, embodied cognition, education, media culture and the knowledge society.
Information storage and management  : storing, managing, and protecting digital information
Strategies for a European area of digital cultural resources : towards a continuum of digital heritage
Networked Private Video Recorders - the next Sony Betamax case? : Finnish Lawmakers and Case Law Shed Light on Copyright Issues in Next Generation Entertainment Solution
Printing the image
Photoshop Lightroom 4 FAQs
The book now in your hands is itself a kind of collection, a gathering of the voices of some catalysts of contemporary performance: artists, cultural engineers, curators, collectors, set alongside critical meditations on the aesthetic, legal and museological ramifications of collecting live art. What emerges is a dynamic conversation - happily discordant in places - on the ethos of the act of collecting, and its social, political and philosophical consequences.
The Digicult report : technological landscapes for tomorrow's cultural economy ; unlocking the value of cultural heritage ; full report January 2002
Dance music manual : tools, toys and techniques
Museums and the Web 2000 : selected papers from an international conference
Copyright and fair use : the great image debate
Good practices handbook : version 1.3
The recording engineer's handbook
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Selecting research collections for digitization
Transmission in motion : the technologizing of dance
Sound on sound : Helsinki
Coordinating digitisation in Europe : progress report of the National Representatives Group coordination mechanisms for digitisation policies and programmes 2002
Information systems research and exploring social artifacts : approaches and methodologies
Digital archives from excavation and fieldwork : a guide to good practice
The art of digital video
Best practices handbook for traditional use studies
Digitisation and cultural heritage
Trustworthy repositories audit & certification (TRAC) : criteria and checklist
Mediated memories in the digital age
NMR- Laboratory, introduction with a Time Lapse and Tilt-shift video
Digital imaging of biological type specimens : a manual of best practice : results from a study of the European Network for Biodiversity Information
Modern recording techniques : fourth edition
Open sourcing digital heritage : digital surrogates, museums and knowledge management in the age of open networks
Archives of the languages of Russia : reports on the INTAS project nr. 94-4758 : The use of acoustic databases in the study of language change
Recording and use of information in a client information system in child protection work
Practical recording techniques
Digital heritage : applying digital imaging to cultural heritage / edited by Lindsay MacDonald
Transfer of MPEG-2 Transport Stream over MPLS
Dance is the art least susceptible to preservation since its embodied, kinaesthetic nature has proven difficult to capture in notation and even in still or moving images. However, frameworks have been established and guidance made available for keeping dances, performances, and choreographers' legacies alive so that the dancers of today and tomorrow can experience and learn from the dances and dancers of the past. In this volume, a range of voices address the issue of dance preservation through memory, artistic choice, interpretation, imagery and notation, as well as looking at relevant archives, legal structures, documentation and artefacts. The intertwining of dance preservation and creativity is a core theme discussed throughout this text, pointing to the essential continuity of dance history and dance innovation. The demands of preservation stretch across time, geographies, institutions and interpersonal connections, and this book focuses on the fascinating web that supports the fragile yet urgent effort to sustain our dancing heritage. The articles in this book were originally published in the journal Dance Chronicle: Studies in Dance and the Related Arts.
User assesment of the phone call recording system Nicelog
Designing with FPGAs and CPLDs
Introduction to imaging : issues in constructing an image database
The everything guide to digital home recording : tips, tools, and techniques for studio sound at home
Heritage is everywhere, and an understanding of our past is increasingly critical to the understanding of our contemporary cultural context and place in global society. Visual Heritage in the Digital Age presents the state-of-the-art in the application of digital technologies to heritage studies, with the chapters collectively demonstrating the ways in which current developments are liberating the study, conservation and management of the past. Digital approaches to heritage have developed significantly over recent decades in terms of both the quantity and range of applications. However, rather than merely improving and enriching the ways in which we understand and engage with the past, this technology is enabling us to do this in entirely new ways. The chapters contained within this volume present a broad range of technologies for capturing data (such as high-definition laser scanning survey and geophysical survey), modelling (including GIS, data fusion, agent-based modelling), and engaging with heritage through novel digital interfaces (mobile technologies and the use of multi-touch interfaces in public spaces). The case studies presented include sites, landscapes and buildings from across Europe, North and Central America, and collections relating to the ancient civilisations of the Middle East and North Africa. The chronological span is immense, extending from the end of the last ice age through to the twentieth century. These case studies reveal new ways of approaching heritage using digital tools, whether from the perspective of interrogating historical textual data, or through the applications of complexity theory and the modelling of agents and behaviours. Beyond the data itself, Visual Heritage in the Digital Age also presents fresh ways of thinking about digital heritage. It explores more theoretical perspectives concerning the role of digital data and the challenges that are presented in terms of its management and preservation.
Minerva, Ministerial Network for valorising activities in digitisation : Digitising content together : activities 2003-2004 / edited by Marzia Piccininno, in cooperation with Minerva staff and working groups supervised by Rosella Caffo
Good practices handbook : version 1.3 / ed. by the Minerva Working Group 6, Indentification of good practices and competence centres ; [texts Ciaran Clissmann ... [et al.]]
Charter of Parma = Charte de Parme = Carta di Parma / [eEurope, National Representatives' Group]
Data security and data backup for home user
Understanding audio : getting the most out of your project or professional recording studio
Digitisation as a method of preservation? : final report ofa working group of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (German Research Association)
Optical character recognition in microfilmed newspaper library collections : a feasibility study
Photoshop CS6 all-in-one for dummies
Multimedia research and documentation of oral genres in Africa : the step forward
Practical recording techniques : [the step-by-step approach to professional audio recording]
Advances in photogrammetry, remote sensing, and spatial information : 2008 ISPRS congress book
Making teaching visible : documenting individual and group learning as professional development : a making learning visible monograph
SGML as a framework for digital preservation and access
Audio in computers : the fundamentals of digital audio for musicians and computer users
iPad and iPhone video : film, edit, and share the Apple way
Visual heritage in the digital age
Abstract.
Museums and the Web 2006 : Proceedings
Digital photography in simple steps
Technical guidelines for digital cultural content creation programmes : version 1.0 : revised 8 April 2004
Performance in the digital age has undergone a radical shift in which a once ephemeral art form can now be relived, replayed and repeated. Until now, much scholarship has been devoted to the nature of live performance in the digital age; Documenting Performance is the first book to provide a collection of key writings about the process of documenting performance, focused not on questions of liveness or the artistic qualities of documents, but rather on the professional approaches to recovering, preserving and disseminating knowledge of live performance. Through its four-part structure, the volume introduces readers to important writings by international practitioners and scholars on: The contemporary context for documenting performance, processes of documenting performance, documenting bodies in motion, documenting to create. In each, chapters examine the ways performance is documented and the issues arising out of the process of documenting performance. While theorists have argued that performance becomes something else whenever it is documented, the writings reveal how the documents themselves cannot be regarded simply as incomplete remains from live events. The methods for preserving and managing them over time, ensuring easy access of such materials in systematic archives and collections, requires professional attention in its own right. Through the process of documenting performance, artists acquire a different perspective on their own work, audiences can recall specific images and sounds for works they have witnessed in person, and others who did not see the original work can trace the memories of particular events, or use them to gain an understanding of something that would otherwise remain unknown to them and their peers.
Improving digitalization process of Citec Information Oy Ab
Context clustering in lossless compression of graphical images
Searching skills toolkit : finding the evidence
The telling
A practical guide to error-control coding using MATLAB
Introduction to managing digital assets : options for cultural and educational organizations / Diane M. Zorich
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
MPEG-7 audio and beyond : audio content indexing and retrieval
First steps in digital design : Use your computer to vreate great ..
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
Digital projects for musicians : twenty exciting, useful, and educational projects for studio or stage
Navigating in the clouds : enhancing the selection process of a personal cloud storage
FDDI handbook : high-speed networking using fibre and other media
The rough guide to iPods, iTunes & music online : a digital music guide for Mac & PC
Copyright and mass digitization : a cross-jurisdictional perspective
Mixing secrets for the small studio
Preserving dance across time and space
The digital songstream : mastering the world of digital music
Documenting performance : the context and processes of digital curation and archiving
Journalistic image access : description, categorization and searching
Abstract: User assesment of the phone call recording system Nicelog. The study was done to gather and analyze user experiences of the phone call recording system NICElog in Sampo Bank's Contact Center Helsinki. The study also explains technical details of the phone network used in Sampo Bank's Contact Center and sheds light on legal issues concerning phone banking and the recording of calls.    The main focus of the study were the interviews that were done with five team leaders who use NICElog in their daily work and also the interview with the director of the contact center of Sampo Bank Asko Mikkonen and the interview with Reijo Aarnio, the Data Protection Ombudsman of Finland. These interviews give a broad view of the daily user experiences of NICElog and the demands NICElog has to meet from the company's perspective and from the customers' perspective.    The phone network and what techniques it is based on was explained by Juha Ulpovaara and these techniques are explained in the study. The director of the study in the company, Juha Ulpovaara, also aided in compiling the interview questions and he also helped to decide who should be interviewed. The part of the legal issues of the study were done based on the conversations with Asko Mikkonen and Reijo Aarnio and also the official procedures of Sampo Bank.    The interviews were conducted with five team leaders and in the interviews it was found out that the phone call recording system NICElog has some problems for example user id related but other than those the image of NICElog was positive. NICElog is an essential program in phone banking but also a very efficient tool in improving customer service skills.
Access to information : preservation issues : proceedings international conference of the round table on archives
iPod & iTunes for dummies
An introduction to digital media
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT at a glance
The art of record production : an introductory reader for a new academic field
Modern recording techniques
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Why digitise? : Who benefits? : Impact assessment of digital cultural heritage content and services : Helsinki 12th October 2006.
Centered on the impact of information and communication technology in socio-technical environments and its support of human activity systems, the study of information systems remains a distinctive focus in the area of computer science research.nbsp;Information Systems Research and Exploring Social Artifacts: Approaches and Methodologies discusses the approaches and methodologies currently being used in the field on information systems. This reference source covers a wide variety of socio-technical aspects of the design of IS artifacts as well as the study of their use. This book aims to be useful for researchers, scholars and students interested in expanding their knowledge on the assortment of research on information systems.
Coherent optical communications systems
Building a national strategy for digital preservation : issues in digital media archiving
Introducing digital audio : CD, DAT and Sampling
Recording tips for engineers : for cleaner, brighter tracks
Altered carbon
Sound for film and television
A companion to digital humanities
Theorizing digital cultural heritage : a critical discourse / edited by Fiona Cameron and Sarah Kenderdine
Acoustic and MIDI orchestration for the contempopary composer : [a practical guide to writing and sequencing for the studio-orchestra]
An alternative scalable storage system
Sound on sound
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
Frame clock receiver
