http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29408 American Sign Language
American Sign Language
Signs of the times
The book of name signs : naming in American Sign Language
American Sign Language and Early Literacy : A Model Parent-Child Program
Building ASL interpreting and translation skills : narratives for practice
The signs of language revisited : an anthology to honor Ursula Bellugi and Edward Klima
How different can a sign language be from a spoken language? How well does a sign language fit current definitions of language? How much does American sign language structure follow directly from its organization wholly within the gestural-visual channel? The book describes the physical formation of ASL signs, their relation to the human capacity to process gesture production and reception, and their development within the complex social world of deaf people.
The American Sign Language handshape dictionary
Winnie-the-Pooh's ABC
American sign language demystified
This book takes a close look at the ways that five sign languages borrow elements from the surrounding, dominant spoken language community where each is situated. It offers careful analyses of semantic, morphosyntactic, and phonological adaption of forms taken from a source language (in this case a spoken language) to a recipient signed language. In addition, the contributions contained in the volume examine the social attitudes and cultural values that play a role in this linguistic process. Since the cultural identity of Deaf communities is manifested most strongly in their sign languages, this topic is of interest for cultural and linguistic reasons. Linguists interested in phonology, morphology, word formation, bilingualism, and linguistic anthropology will find this an interesting set of cases of language contact. Interpreters and sign language teachers will also find a wealth of interesting facts about the sign languages of these diverse Deaf communities.
American sign language : linguistic and applied dimension
The comprehensive introduction lays the groundwork for learning ASL by explaining in plain language the workings of ASL syntax and structure. It also offers examples of idioms and describes the andecedents of ASL, its place in the Deaf community, and its meaning in the deaf culture. This extraordinary reference also contains a unique section on ASL classifiers and their use. Readers will find complete descriptions of various classifiers and examples of how to use these integral facets of ASL.  The full-color DVd included with this dictionary features a diverse group of native ASL signers demonstrating how to form each of the 3,000 signs.
Signs across America : a look at regional differences in american sign language
A historical and etymological dictionary of American Sign Language : the origin and evolution of more than 500 signs
Sociolinguistic variation in American sign language
Discourse in Signed Languages
"Dictionary of all know texts featuring illustrations of early American Sign Language and historical images of French Sign language and linking them with contemporary signs"--
Sign mind : studies in american sign language poetics
Prosodic markers and utterance boundaries in American Sign  Language interpretation
The complete guide to baby sign language : 101 tips and tricks every parent needs to know
Say it with hands
Language in motion : Exploring the nature of sign
Introduction to American Sign Language
Languages of friendship : volume 2.
A matter of complexity : subordination in sign languages
Signs and structures : formal approaches to sign language syntax
American sign language : a teacher×s resource text on curriculum, methods, and evaluation
American sign language syntax
"This study investigates the origins of American Sign Language, its evolution from French Sign Language, and evidence about the word formation process of ASL,including data from the 19th and early 20th century dictionaries as well as the Gallaudet Lecture Films."--
People who first encounter sign language often ask if deaf people around the world sign the same language. Frequently, they are surprised to learn that there are different sign languages in different nations worldwide, as well as variations of these languages. These variations depend on social factors such as region, age, gender, socioeconomic status, and race. One variation, Black ASL, has been recognized for years as a distinct form of sign language but only through anecdotal reports. This volume and its accompanying DVD present the first empirical study that begins to fill in the linguistic gaps about Black ASL. The powerful cast of contributors to The Hidden Treasure of Black ASL considered three questions in their study. First, what was the sociohistorical reality that made a separate variety of ASL possible? Second, what are the features of the variety of ASL that people call Black ASL? Third, can the same kind of unique features that have been identified in African American English be identified in Black ASL? This groundbreaking book and its companion DVD go far in answering these questions while also showing the true treasures of Black ASL.
One of the foremost authorities on the use of sign language with hearing children provides a guide for teachers and parents who want to introduce signing in hearing children's language development. Marilyn Daniels provides a complete explanation for its use, a short history of sign language and its primary role within the Deaf community, an identification of the steps to reading success delineated with suggestions for incorporating sign language, and the results of studies and reactions of children, teachers, and parents. She shows how sign language can be used to improve hearing children's English vocabulary, reading ability, spelling proficiency, self-esteem, and comfort with expressing emotions. Signing also facilitates communication, aids teachers with classroom management, and has been shown to promote a more comfortable learning environment while initiating an interest and enthusiasm for learning on the part of students.
Significant gestures : a history of american sign language
American sign language : a student text units 1-9
A basic course in American Sign Language
Language, gesture and space
American Sign Language
This book takes a close look at the ways that five sign languages borrow elements from the surrounding, dominant spoken language community where each is situated. It offers careful analyses of semantic, morphosyntactic and phonological adaption of forms taken from a source language (in this case a spoken language) to a recipient signed language. The contributions in this volume also examine the social attitudes and cultural values that play a role in this linguistic process. Since the cultural identity of Deaf communities is manifested most strongly in their sign languages, this topic is of interest for cultural and linguistic reasons. Linguists interested in phonolgy, morphology, word formation, bilingualism, and linguistic anthropology will find this an interesting set of cases of language contact. Interpreters and sign language techers will also find a wealth of interesting facts about the sign languages of these diverse Deaf communities.
Now, Jack R. Gannon’s original groundbreaking volume on Deaf history and culture is available once again. In Deaf Heritage: A Narrative History of Deaf America, Gannon brought together for the first time the story of the Deaf experience in America from a Deaf perspective. Recognizing the need to document the multifaceted history of this unique minority with its distinctive visual culture, he painstakingly gathered as much material as he could on Deaf American life. The result is a 17-chapter montage of artifacts and information that forms an utterly fascinating record from the early nineteenth century to the time of its original publication in 1981. Deaf Heritage tracks the development of the Deaf community both chronologically and by significant subjects. The initial chapter treats the critical topics of early attempts at deaf education, the impact of Deaf and Black deaf teachers, the establishment of schools for the deaf, and the founding of Gallaudet College. Individual chapters cover the 1880s through the 1970s, mixing milestones such as the birth of the National Association of the Deaf and the work of important figures, Deaf and hearing, with anecdotes about day-to-day deaf life. Other chapters single out important facets of Deaf culture: American Sign Language, Deaf Sports, Deaf artists, Deaf humor, and Deaf publications. The overall effect of this remarkable record, replete with archival photographs, tables, and lists of Deaf people’s accomplishments, reveals the growth of a vibrant legacy singular in American history.
Language contact in the American deaf community
Perspectives on sign language structure : Papers from the fifth international symposium on sign language research. Vol. 1. Salamanca, Spain 25-30 May 1992
Nonspeech language and communication : analysis and intervention : based on material presented at a conference on nonspeech language held at Gulf Shores, Ala., in March, 1977
International review of sign linguistics : volume 1
A basic course in American Sign Language = Un Curso Básico: de Lenguaje Americano de Señas
Perfect phrases in American sign language for beginners : 150 essential phrases for communicating with users of ASL
The Interpreting Handbook Unit 1 covers six topics to prepare professional interpreters to claim their rightful label of "Linguist". Topics include Communication, Language, Language Use, Language Variation, Language Encoding Systems, and Pidgins, Creoles & Other Things. The book is designed to be both for students of interpreting in their introductory course and for working professionals who may not have received linguistic training even though they are competent interpreters. This text contains hyperlinks to web pages that are kept up to date with new information, practice material and sample quizzes.
Language attitudes in the american deaf community
Sign language research, uses and practices : crossing views on theoretical and applied sign language linguistics
Religious signing  : a comprehensive guide for all faiths
Tabak has created a fascinating exploration of a unique and uniquely beautiful North American language. The story begins in 18th century France in the first schools to use signed language as the language of instruction. Early in the 19th century a few individuals introduced a variant of this language into the United States and developed an educational system in which to use it. Out of these schools came members of a new American social class, the Deaf--with a capital D--who, united by a common signed language, create institutions through which they can participate in society on terms equal to those of other constituent groups. This strategy proved extremely controversial among all but the Deaf. The controversy lasted a century, during which time American Sign Language evolved along racial lines and in response to the pressures of those who sought to eliminate the use of American Sign Language. Today, new ideas in art, science, and education have supplanted much of the old opposition to American Sign Language and Deaf culture. New legislation and new technologies have also had profound effects on the lives of American Deaf. As a consequence, American Sign Language is evolving faster than ever before.
American sign language. A student text : units 19-27
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
Variation in the input : studies in the acquisition of word order
The hidden treasure of black ASL : its history and structure
Signing for dummies
Now, the signs from the bestselling American Sign Language Handshape Dictionary are available on DVD. The Handshape Dictionary organizes more than 1,400 ASL signs by 40 basic handshapes, and the new DVD features a diverse cast of native signers forming all of them. Each sign depicted on the DVD includes a complete list of English glosses and synonyms from The Handshape Dictionary for reference.  This fully searchable, full-color DVD enables users to survey each handshape group for a specific sign. They not only can find the corresponding English words for the sign, they will benefit from the added dimension of seeing exactly how the sign is formed from beginning to end. They can repeat a sign on the DVD as necessary to learn precisely how to form it themselves. The American Sign Language Handshape Dictionary DVD presents students, sign language teachers, and deaf and hearing people alike with a perfect complement to The Handshape Dictionary to enhance communication skills in both ASL and English.
Understanding language through sign language research
Noun classes and categorization : proceedings of a Symposium on Categorization and Noun Classification, Eugene, Oregon, October 1983
Part II The second part of the text consists of 20 chapters covering additional grammatical features. The selections become increasingly longer in length. Selections in the first several chapters of Part II are also signed by a Deaf individual on the companion DVD. As the selections become longer, a nationally certified interpreter interprets selected narratives modeling the ASL principle described in the chapter. Part III: The third part of the text is devoted to exercises that focus on building automaticity when confronting multiple meaning words, idioms, and college level vocabulary. These selections are longer in length and are designed to provide interpreters with source material that covers a wide variety of topics. Part IV: The fourth part of the text includes narratives, lectures, and passages from texts that might be read in a high school or college class.
Language in the context of use : discourse and cognitive approaches to language
The Gallaudet children's dictionary of American Sign Language
This book examines spatial language in sign languages (Turkish Sign Language, Croatian Sign Language, American Sign Language, and Austrian Sign Language) and spoken languages (Turkish, English, and Croatian). The book presents a novel model, the Crossmodal Spatial Language, to account for similarities and differences in these languages. The model, which consists of Spatial Representations, Reference Frames, Temporal Representations, Conceptual Structure, and Linguistic Representations, shows that the features from spatial input are not necessarily mapped on the spatial descriptions regardless of modality and language. The book reports several studies to examine the descriptions of static and dynamic spatial scenes which involve, among others, spatial relationals such as left-right, front-back, besides, in, on, to, toward, pass by, away, and cause to move. The findings suggest that language users construct a spatial relation between the objects in a given time, employ a reference frame, which may not be encoded in the message, and use the same conceptual structure consisted of BE-AT for static spatial situations and GO-BE-AT for static dynamic situations.
Perfect phrases in American Sign Language for beginners : 150 essential phrases for communicating with users of ASL
Linguistics of American Sign Language : an introduction
"Reflecting the exponential growth of college courses offering American Sign Language (ASL) as a foreign language, high schools have followed suit with significant increases in ASL classes during the past two decades. Despite this trend, high school ASL teachers and program administrators possess no concrete information on why students take ASL for foreign language credit, how they learn new signs and grammar, and how different learning techniques determines their achievement in ASL. This new book addresses these issues to better prepare high schools in their recruitment and education of new ASL students. Author Russell S. Rosen begins with the history of ASL as a foreign language in high schools, including debates about the foreign language status of ASL, the situation of deaf and hard of hearing students in classes, and governmental recognition of ASL as a language. Based on his study of five high school ASL programs, he defines the factors that motivate students, including community and culture, and analyzes strategies for promoting language processing and learning. Learning American Sign Language in High School provides strategies for teaching ASL as a second language to students with learning disabilities as well. Its thorough approach ensures the best opportunity for high school students to attain high levels of achievement in learning ASL"--
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
The American sign language handshape dictionary DVD
It's not what you sign, it's how you sign it : politeness in American Sign Language
Interpretation skills : American sign language to English
Multilingualism and Sign Languages : From the Great Plains to Australia
"Utilizing 1,150 sign illustrations and historical texts, this reference presents the detailed account of the origins of more than 500 ASL signs, including regional variations"--
Language from the body : iconicity and metaphor in American Sign Language
Talking with the deaf
Sign to learn : American sign language in the early childhood classroom
Sign language archaeology : understanding the historical roots of American sign language
Form, meaning, and focus in American sign language
Learning American sign language : levels I & II beginning and intermediate
Lexical borrowing in American sign language
In search of the phonological representation in ASL
Choices in Deafness, since 1987 the preeminent guide to communication options, is now extensively revised and expanded to provide the complete scope of information parents of children with deafness or hearing loss need. From assessment and diagnosis to medical/audiological treatments, and from the latest types of cochlear implants and procedures to education and technology devices, this new edition presents a balance of research, guidance, and insight from experts and families.Seven new chapters plus an audio CD cover: -Universal Newborn Screening (implemented in 38 states, this required screening detects hearing loss much earlier, and has doubled the number of children found to have hearing loss) Auditory Neuropathy (a cause of hearing loss where the timing of sound is seriously disrupted, and which has only recently been understood) -Genetic Causes of Deafness (describes genetic testing and counseling in light of research that shows over 60% of deafness in children is due to genetic or hereditary causes) -The Transformation of Dreams (explores a shift in emotional outlook experienced by a parent/clinical psychologist upon learning her child is deaf) -Identifying a Program of Excellence (what to look for in an education program for your child in addition to the chosen communication option) -Communication Technology (services and devices that let deaf people communicate via phone, cell phone, Internet,video) -Making It in College (personal accounts of four students about how they communicate and socialize at college) -What Hearing Loss Sounds Like (a seven-minute audio CD depicts what speech sounds like as it simulates how hearing loss can affect pitch, loudness, and timing) As in the previous edition, Choices in Deafness presents five unbiased approaches to communication--Auditory-Verbal, ASL-English Bilingual, Cued Speech, Auditory-Oral, and Total Communication--and provides parents' first-person accounts of what it's like to use a specific method. Reading and resource lists round out this essential guide for parents.
This book is intended for people working primarily from ASL to English. It identifies skills required to render ASL to English interpretations using the same research method as the first book. These two pieces of research complement each other and should be used together. In both books, the term ASL is used in its broadest sense meaning that Deaf/deaf signers may use a wide range of language from ASL native signing to a more English-based signing. This entire range of signing was included in the research. No restrictions were placed on the degree of ASL fluency.
Sign language for everyone
Lessons and activities in American sign language
How deaf women construct teaching, language & culture, and gender : an ethnographic study of ASL teachers
Translation, sociolinguistic and consumer issues in interpreting
The interpreting handbook : Part 1
Choices in deafness : A parents' guide to communication options
Learning American sign language in high school : motivation, strategies, and achievement
Sign language structure : the first linguistic analysis of American sign language
American sign language. A student text : units 10-18
Signing for Kids : The fun way for anyone to learn Sign Language
Unveiling fascinating insights about the origins of American Sign Language name signs, this book shows how they serve the same function as proper names used in the hearing community. It also details how the history of the name sign system dates back to the early years of deaf education. Included for reference is a list of more than 500 name signs available for appropriate selection and illustrated charts.
On the other hand : new perspectives on American sign language
The primary purpose of the book is to provide a standardized format for viewing and discussing English to ASL interpretations. By providing this standardization, interpreters will have an opportunity to develop their skills based on the specific criteria contained in this book with the ultimate goal of improving their interpretations. It will also assist interpreters in clearly articulating the criteria that distinguishes between novice and expert English to ASL interpretations. This book does not address ASL to English interpretation, nor transliteration skills.
Intermediate conversational sign language : American sign language with English translations
Metaphor in American Sign Language
Signing everyday phrases
Linguistics of American sign language : an introduction
Extraordinary from the ordinary : personal experience narratives in American Sign Language
Talk to the deaf : a manual of approximately 1000 signs used by the deaf of North America
The Gallaudet dictionary of American Sign Language
The American Sign Language phrase book
American sign language and sign systems
A prosodic model of sign language phonology
What's your sign for pizza? : an introduction to variation in American Sign Language
Barron's E-Z of American sign language
Introduction to American deaf culture
The American sign language phrase book
Recent perspectives on American sign language
A crosslinguistic study of the language of space : sign and spoken languages
Written in a workbook fashion and designed as a teaching / learning vehicle, Building ASL Interpreting and Translation Skills is for students taking courses in American Sign Language (levels I, II or III), as well as students enrolled in interpreting programs. The written English narratives are designed for translation, interpreting and transliterating with over 80 examples on the companion DVD signed by both native Deaf individuals and nationally certified interpreters. The book is divided into four parts. Part I: The first part of the text consists of 24 chapters that provide readers with an overview of a variety of ASL grammatical features. Each chapter includes an example glossed into ASL to provide students with a model for translation, each of which are signed on the accompanying DVD, followed by narratives for student practice that gradually increase in length and difficulty.
"With the increase of American Sign Language being offered as a foreign language in high schools, this book addresses issues to better prepare high schools in their recruitment and education of new ASL students"--
Interpretation skills : English to American sign language
Fundamentals of evaluating sign language programs : checklists for program assessment
Dancing with words : signing for hearing children's literacy
Foreign vocabulary in sign languages : a cross-linguistic investigation of word formation
Barron's dictionary of American sign language
Deaf heritage : a narrative history of deaf America
Choices in deafness : a parents' guide to communication options
The syntax of American Sign Language : functional categories and hierarchical structure
