http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2953 rural-urban migration
rural-urban migration
The forgotten dimension : a case study of chinese female rural-urban migrants and the social security system in the context of modernization
Essays on family migration and geographical mobility in Finland
Super public : a housing project in China
Liikasenvaara - a declining village in northern Finland
Can the poor enhance poverty reduction? : rural and urban perspectives on water resources, poverty & participatory development in the Tonle Sap Region and Phnom Penh, Cambodia
Urban China
Economic development, the family, and income distribution : selected essays
An island in time : the biography of a village
Urbanization in history : a process of dynamic interactions
Migration, crime and search in spatial markets
China's urban billion : the story behind the biggest migration in human history
The ethnoarchaelogy of abandonment in a Northern Finnish farming community
Past and present of the river Oulujoki and adjoining areas
Cities and the making of modern Europe, 1750-1914
Mongols from country to city : floating boundaries, pastoralism and city life in the Mongol lands
Metropolitan growth and migration in Peru
The promised land : the great Black migration and how it changed America
China on the move : migration, the state, and the household
Rural transformations and development : China in context : the everyday lives of policies and people
Rural development in Russian Karelia and Eastern Finland
Rural depopulation in England and Wales : 1851-1951
From a traditional territory to a multicultural city : acculturation of internally displaced Kankuamo indigenous in Bogotá dc. (Colombia)
The analysis of the problems associated with the movement labour force out of agriculture (rural-urban migration) in Nigeria
From the village to the city : adjustment process of internal migrants in Albania
Industrialization and urbanization in Latin America
Rural-to-urban migration and its effect on food consumption and nutrition in the Gambia
Rural women in urban China : gender, migration, and social change
Summary.
A major new survey of urbanization and the making of modern Europe from the mid-eighteenth century to the First World War. During these years Europe experienced startling rates of urbanization, with the populations of numerous cities growing by 1000 percent or more. This book explores the causes, course and consequences of this urban explosion. The authors link urban growth to industrialization, migration, and the growth of colonial empires. They show how the social, political, and intellectual challenges cities posed were met by urban reformers; how cities enriched cultural life; and how European cities influenced and were influenced by colonial cities. No other book in English situates the story of cities within the overall framework of European and imperial history during the long nineteenth century. Cities and the Making of Modern Europe will be essential reading for students of both modern European history and urban history.
Where do migrants go? : an analysis of rural and urban destined/originated migration in Finland in 1996-1999
Muuttuva maaseutu = The countryside in flux
China's rural-urban migration : structure and gender attributes of the floating rural labor force
Migrating back to history? : the settlement structure and migration in Finland, a 400 years ̓perspective
The city of the senses : urban culture and urban space
Urban geography : a global perspective
South Korea under compressed modernity : familial political economy in transition
Contesting citizenship in urban China : peasant migrants, the state, and the logic of the market
New forms of urbanization : beyond the urban-rural dichotomy
Small town China : rural labour and social inclusion
Heart and home
American Indians and the urban experience
The social implications of agrarian change in northern and eastern Finland
Labour in China : Post-Socialist Transformation
Urban design since 1945 : a global perspective
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Contemporary minority migration, education, and ethnicity in China
International handbook of urban systems : studies of urbanization and migration in advanced and developing countries
Broad is my native land : repertoires and regimes of migration in Russia's twentieth century
Migration, urbanisation and development
The promised land : the great black migration and how it changed America
The forgotten dimension : a case study of Chinese female rural-urban migrants and the social security system in the context of modernization
Summary and conclusions (s. 95-100).
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Anthropological perspectives on Latin American urbanization
Dealing with female brain-drain in Rural Europe : results from the central Europe project women
Urban poverty, housing and social change in China
A far country
One country, two societies : rural-urban inequality in contemporary China
Population movements : their forms and functions in urbanization and development
Urban China in transition
Young women in a male periphery
Strangers in the city : reconfigurations of space, power, and social networks within China's floating population
Cathie Kinrade is all too used to hardship. Growing up on the Isle of Man in the 1930s, she sees her da set sail daily on dangerous seas while her mam struggles to put food on the table. Cathie has little hope for her own future, until a chance encounter changes her fortunes for ever. Fiercely determined, Cathie leaves for Liverpool, a bustling modern city full of possibility. With a lively job as a shop girl in a grand department store, and a firm friend in kind-hearted Julia, Cathie has found her niche. But the discovery of an explosive secret could put everything at risk. And when love comes calling, Cathie's new friends fear that she may be set to trust the wrong man with her heart.
People on the move : rural-urban interactions in Sarawak
The rural-urban divide economic disparities and interactions in China
Some human approaches on the physical planning in the North of Fennoscandia
Participolis : consent and contention in neoliberal urban India
