http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2954 societal change
societal change
The long road to freedom : Russia and glasnost
Remaking the Hexagon : the new France in the new Europe
Bourgeois culture and civil society in Southeast Europe : a contribution to the debate on modernization
Migration as a geographical indicator of social change in Etelä-Pohjanmaa, Finland
As great as the world
Modernization and its discontents : a perspective from the sociology of knowledge
Tourism as a show forum for a society in transition : the case of Estonia
Political order in changing societies
The Neapolitan novels. Book 1, My brilliant friend
Imaginations and configurations of Polish society : from the Middle Ages through the twentieth century
Oracle bones : a journey between China and the west
A society transformed : Hungary in time-space perspective
The demographic transition : stages, patterns, and economic implications : a longitudinal study of sixty-seven countries covering the period 1720-1984
The passing of traditional society : modernizing the Middle East
The winding passage : sociological essays and journeys
Trade unions in Britain today
Minifesto : why small ideas matter in the world of grand narratives
The industries of the future
China : tradition and transformation
An agenda for the Western Balkans : from elite politics to social sustainability
Western society in transition
Sociology : experiencing changing societies
Revolutions : the motive force in human progress
Cultural and societal change in the north : the role of innovation in development
Spring snow
Social innovation - the whole is greater than the sun of its parts
Beyond the stable state
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Southern Africa
In other rooms, other wonders
Constitution of personal social space in a transition society
Labor in the twentieth century
Handbook of social intervention
Life stories of social changes : four generations in Finland
Doing psychology under new conditions
Design, when everybody designs : an introduction to design for social innovation
Industrious cultures? : the uneasy relationship between and industrial order and a 'second modernity'
Real China : from cannibalism to karaoke
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
Abstract: Utopia, alienation and change in Eastern Europe.
Reformation of the middle classes in the Baltic countries?
Sixties going on seventies
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Social indicators for human development
The Lotuho and the Verona Fathers : a case study of communication in development
The Paris Commune, 1871
Civil society and transitions in the Western Balkans
Consumption and market society in Israel
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Teacher education and social change : a collection of papers presented at the symposium of the Nordic Network of Teacher Education Research, funded by the Nordic Academy for Advanced Study, in Grebbestad, Sweden, August 4-9, 1997
Current challenges of Central Europe : society and environment
Exploring social change
No such thing as society : [a history of Britain in the 1980s]
In the name of Vivir Bien : indigeneity, state formation and politics in Evo Morales' Bolivia
Peasant differentiation and development : the case of a Mexican Ejido
This article analyses structural and regional development and concentration of agriculture in terms of jobs and value of production, here value added, in Finland during 1975-2008 based on statistical and georeferenced data. The empirical results showed us that, while the relative socioeconomic importance of agriculture has decreased all over Finland, the role of agriculture varies a great deal between regions. Agricultural development trends both in terms of number of jobs and value of production, have been different from total economic development since the mid-1980s. As with economic functions in general, a regional concentration trend has taken place in agriculture. However, this trend has been stronger in all industries together and compared to other industries, agriculture as a whole is still regionally evenly dispersed. The reasons behind this can be found in historical, societal and political factors, and tight connections between agriculture and surrounding land and natural circumstances.
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
The dynamics of systems
The search for meaning
Russia and the Soviet Union : an historical introduction from the Kievan State to the present
Technology and social process
Wolf totem
Life's turning points and generational consciousness
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Early reflexive modernity : the reflexivity of differentiation today and in early modernity
Human Technology will move to a new physical location in January 2017—the Open Science Center of the University of Jyväskylä, due to university restructuring—yet the University remains the ultimate publisher. For Human Technology, change is inherent; indeed this is reflected in the research published in each issue. The present issue comprises five articles that demonstrate the ongoing integration of technology in most aspects of human living.
Social trends
Iceland in transition : labour and socio-economic change before 1940
Democratizing the Leninist party-state : the political economy of reform in China and the Soviet Union
Brothers
In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation? -
Abstract: Women's voices and peripheral politics : feminist interpretations of the transition of stage in the Ireland of the 1990's.
When a great tradition modernizes : an anthropological approach to Indian civilization
No future without forgiveness
Three sisters
Today's world is one marked by the signs of digital capitalism and global capitalist expansion, and China is increasingly being integrated into this global system of production and consumption. As a result, China's immediate material impact is now felt almost everywhere in the world; however, the significance and process of this integration is far from understood. This study shows how the a prioricategories of statistical reasoning came to be re-born and re-lived in the People's Republic - as essential conditions for the possibility of a new mode of knowledge and governance. From the ruins of the Maoist revolution China has risen through a mode of quantitative self-objectification. As the author argues, an epistemological rift has separated the Maoist years from the present age of the People's Republic, which appears on the global stage as a mirage. This study is an ethnographic investigation of concepts - of the conceptual forces that have produced and been produced by - two forms of knowledge, life, and governance. As the author shows, the world of China, contrary to the common view, is not the Chinese world; it is a symptomatic moment of our world at the present time.
The managerial revolution
A social and environmental impact assessment of the Crucitas gold mining project in Costa Rica
Structural development and regional concentration of agriculture in Finland in 1975-2008
Living with storm damage to forests
One of the least-known states of post-Soviet Central Asia, Turkmenistan has remained isolated and underdeveloped despite its huge reserves of natural gas as well as substantial oil resources. This book is the first comprehensive introduction to contemporary Turkmenistan in English. Drawing on Russian and Western sources as well as fieldwork, it examines the political, social, economic, and geopolitical dimensions of contemporary Turkmenistan and its prospects for the future.
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
China changes face : the road from revolution 1949-1989
Gender divisions and social change
Democracy by decree : prospects and limits of imposed consociational democracy in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Social sciences : the big issues
The transition of social life in China (Since 1978)
Social change and mental health : Thomas S. McPartland, Robert W. Habenstein, Charlton R. Price
Japan : tradition & transformation
Old Europe : a study of continuity, 1000-1800
Abyssinian chronicles
Russia and the Soviet Union : a historical introduction from the Kievan state to the present
Gold boy, emerald girl
Don't mourn, Balkanize! : essays after Yugoslavia
Income and mortality - the dynamics of disparity : a study on the changing association between income and mortality in Finland
Survival in Russia : chaos and hope in everyday life
Dreaming in public : building the occupy movement
Digital-political fantasies in Istanbul : an analysis of the perceived role of ICT in changing local institutional politics, activism, and identity
China : tradition & transformation
Society in action : the theory of social becoming
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
Economic transition in Russia and the new states of Eurasia
Change and continuity
Declaration on the status of the Croatian language
Japan after Japan : social and cultural life from the recessionary 1990s to the present
One world : special millennial edition of When the world will be as one
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
The managerial revolution : what is happening in the world?
A history of Eastern Europe : crisis and change
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
As the walls of academia are tumbling down
Development and decline : the evolution of sociopolitical organization
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
What is a moving horizon?
A division of the spoils
Construing transitology : a contribution to the critique of the political economy of post-socialist transition
State in India, Pakistan, Russia and Central Asia
My brilliant friend
The Mirage of China : Anti-humanism, Narcissism, and Corporeality of the Contemporary World
Abstract: The paradoxes of power in South Africas's political transition.
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Changing images of man
Turkmenistan : strategies of power, dilemmas of development
China through the sliding door : reporting three decades of change
Trajectories of three women's groups in urbanizing Senegal : observing social capital and livelihoods in Rufisque
The new Beijingers
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
Intelligent environments : spatial aspects of the information revolution
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
The politics of modernization
Active hope : how to face the mess we're in without going crazy
The changing face of China : from Mao to Market
The politics of transition in the Baltic States : democratization and economic reform policies
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
Against the flow : wading through eastern Europe
New perspectives on the Cultural Revolution
Knowledge region : Alps-Adriatic challenges. Vol. 1, General perspective
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Gender divisions of labor which subordinate women are a seemingly universal feature of contemporary societies. But does this mean that women's subordination is inevitable? Does an explanation have to be rooted in another universal, namely biology? Is the evidence pointing to women's universal subordination convincing? Or is it the product of ethnocentric and male-dominated research and explanation? These are some of the questions addressed by Nickie Charles's comparative analysis of gender divisions of labor across different types of society. The types of societies analyzed range from egalitarian, hunter-gatherer to highly stratified industrial societies. The book also covers a wide range of differing explanations for gender divisions of labor, from socio-biological to marxist-feminist theories. Particular attention is paid to the way in which social change may transform gender divisions and the social position of women. Throughout, theoretical explanation is linked to relevant empirical data to illustrate the book's main themes.
The grand experiment : debating shock therapy, transition theory, and the East German experience
Changes of women and Canadian society in the mid 20th century in Margaret Laurence's "A jest of God"
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Post-Soviet institutional design, NGOs and rural livelihoods in Uzbekistan
Religion and social change : a sociological study of Seventh-day Adventism in Kenya
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Redefining Russian society and polity
The development of human resources : education, psychology, and social change
