http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2958 gene maps
gene maps
Bayesian QTL mapping in inbred and outbred experimental designs
"Genetic linkage maps are an increasingly important tool in both fundamental and applied research, enabling the study and deployment of genes that determine important biological traits. This concise introduction to genetic mapping in species with disomic inheritance enables life science graduate students and researchers to use mapping software to produce more reliable results. After a brief refresher on meiosis and genetic recombination, the steps in the map construction procedure are described, with explanations of the computations involved. The emphasis throughout is on the practical application of the methods described; detailed mathematical formulae are avoided and exercises are included to help readers consolidate their understanding. A chapter on recognising and solving problems provides valuable guidance for dealing with real-life situations. An extensive chapter dedicated to the more complex situation of outbreeding species offers a unique insight into the approach required for many economically important and model species, both plants and animals"--Provided by publisher.
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Structural and Functional Genomics of Horticultural Plants : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Molecular and functional characterization of avian [gamma][delta] T cells and B cells
The human genome project in college curriculum : ethical issues and practical strategies
Barley : genetics, biochemistry, molecular biology and biotechnology
"The year 2001 saw the completion of the human genome project, the culmination of a fourteen-year, $3 billion international race to read every letter of the code that makes up a human being. Reading this code was the most profound revelation in the history of knowledge, with the potential to unveil the secret of what makes us human. After three years of investigation, Elizabeth Finkel brings us the biggest news stories from the genetics frontier. She looks at the revolution in the areas of medicine, agriculture and evolution, travelling from Botswana to Boston, from Singapore to Mexico, from wheatfields in the Wimmera plains to laboratories all over Australia to help us understand what is happening in 'The Genome Generation'"--P. [4] of cover.
Molecular biotechnology : principles and applications of recombinant DNA
Lesser known large dsDNA viruses
Forest trees
Molecular characterisation of Mycoplasma mycoides subsp. mycoides SC
Genetic ignorance and reasonable paternalism
The Language of Life : DNA and the revolution in personalized medicine
A linkage map of spring turnip rape based on RFLP and RAPD markers
The human genome
The human genome project : deciphering the blueprint of heredity
Who should know about our genetic makeup and why
Summary: The human genome project.
Junk DNA : a journey through the dark matter of the genome
Inheritance
Gene cloning and manipulation
Genetic mapping in experimental populations
The genome generation
My beautiful genome : explosing our genetic future, one quirk at a time
