http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29510 trading towns
trading towns commercial town commercial cities
By its cover
Housing portfolio diversification potentials in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area in the short and long horizon
Summary: Location decision of a large-scale retail unit : a case study on the planning and decision-making process preceding the location of the Mylly shopping centre in Hauninen, Raisio.
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Pet shop of horrors. 2
Early metallurgy, trade and urban centres in Thailand and southeast Asia : 13 archaeological essays
Dead tomorrow
Emporium of the world : the mercahts of London 1660-1800
Urban economics and real estate : theory and policy
All is silence
From Roman proconsularis to Islamic Ifrīqiyah
The role of cites in controlling the international trade in forest products : implications for sustainable forest management
61 hours
Is housing overvalued in the Helsinki metropolitan area?
Carbon footprint and urban planning : incorporating methodologies to assess the influence of the urban master plan on the carbon footprint of the city
As red as blood
Aleppo : the rise and fall of Syria's great merchant city
The boy in the suitcase
The rise and fall of great powers
The Companion to the Hanseatic League discusses the importance of the Hanseatic League for the social and economic history of pre-modern northern Europe. Established already as early as the twelfth century, the towns that formed the Hanseatic League created an important network of commerce throughout the Baltic and North Sea area. From Russia in the east, to England and France in the west, the cities of the Hanseatic League created a vast northern maritime trade network. The aim of this volume is to present a 'state' of the field English-language volume by some of the most respected Hanse scholars. Contributors are Mike Burkhardt, Ulf Christian Ewert, Rolf Hammel-Kiesow, Donald J. Harreld, Carsten Jahnke, Michael North, Jörgen Sarnowsky and Stephan Selzer.
A companion to the Hanseatic League
A social and economic atlas of western China
The weight of blood : a novel
Street capital : Black cannabis dealers in a white welfare state
The world of the Swahili : an African mercantile civilization
Street vendors in the historic centre of Lima : utilitarian space versus a museum city
Urban housing prices and the demand for housing characteristics : a study on housing prices and the willingness to pay for housing characteristics and local public goods in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Singapore : the global city-state
Victor Gruen : from urban shop to new city
Spanish Milan : a city within the empire, 1535-1706
In 1271, 17-year-old Marco Polo started on a journey to China with his father and older brother. After a long and grueling journey that led through Jerusalem and Mesopotamia and over the "Silk Road", they reached the court of Kublai Khan in 1275. In The Voyages of Marco Polo, players recreate this journey, with each player having a different character and special power in the game
The naughty croc
The voyages of Marco Polo
Bruges, cradle of capitalism, 1280-1390
Challenges for urban infrastructure in the European Union
The promotion : uraputkessa
Cities in the international marketplace : the political economy of urban development in North America and Western Europe
Ancient Mesopotamia at the dawn of civilization : the evolution of an urban landscape
Tourists, signs and the city : the semiotics of culture in an urban landscape
Apocalypse now now
Naukratis : trade in archaic Greece
Market power : lordship, society, and economy in medieval Catalonia (1276-1313)
Employment generation through small-scale dairy marketing and processing : experiences from Kenya, Bangladesh and Ghana : a joint study
Life in Hanseatic Turku
Culture and power : legend, ritual, bazaar and rebellion in a Bengali society
The spatial economy : cities, regions, and international trade
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
The weight of blood
The red road
Quest for space : streetvendors and the use of public spaces in two Latin American cities
Poliisit = End of watch
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Weeds. Season eight
Urban centres and industries in Upper India, 1556-1803
Pet shop of horrors. 1
Testing for common costs in the city of Helsinki bus transit auctions
When culture goes to market : space, place and identity in an urban marketplace
The global city : New York, London, Tokyo
Cities of commerce : the institutional foundations of international trade in the Low Countries, 1250-1650
The system
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
Porta Palazzo : the anthropology of an Italian market
Weeds. Season seven
Urban planning as a trading zone
International centers and world cities : an experimental approach to calculate the international hierarchy of cities
The Hanse in medieval and early modern Europe
Pre-modern, long-distance trade was conducted in a highly complex and uncertain environment. Besides for the lack of personal security, trade was characterized by slow communication, asymmetric information, and limited contract enforceability. There was no state in the modern sense to protect merchants. Despite these overwhelming problems, trade, and even overseas trade, flourished in medieval and early modern Europe. This book explores this paradox: how could trade thrive and the economy expand under uncertainties of many kinds? Over the past two or three decades, enormous advances have been made in explaining how institutions support the economy. This book contributes to the intense discussion on institutions and institutional change. It builds on the careful examination of long-distance trade in the Baltic Sea region over a long period of time and presents a new method to identify past institutions. It challenges previous attempts to explain the pre-modern expansion of trade by institutions that governed intra-group relations. Mika Kallioinen argues that the fundamental problem of institutional development was how to create institutions that could advance a regularity of behavior between a large number of distant communities and between merchants who did not necessarily know one another. The question was how to provide security and enhance trust when trading crossed the geographical, cultural, and political boundaries that separated communities. This book extends the limits of our understanding of such inter-community institutions and their implications for later economic development.
The bonds of trade : economic institutions in pre-modern Northern Europe
The bazaar : markets and merchants of the Islamic world
Nights of awe
