http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29508 production music
production music stock music library music
From script to screen : the collaborative art of filmmaking
Culture and transmission : the technological and cultural reach of international syndicated radio
Beyond 2.0 : the future of music
Tori Amos : in the studio
The music industry, as with most other media forms, is in the middle of a period of enormous transformation. Digital technologies have empowered producers and consumers of music - traditional ways of making and distributing music are under threat as musicians and their audiences embrace new opportunities, many of which bypass the incumbent middlemen. Whilst it is clear that the music industry is thriving, the traditional recording industry, dominated by a handful of multinational corporations is struggling to stay relevant. The changes are so dramatic that the term "Music 2.0" has become commonly used to delineate old and new business models and approaches. But the demise of the traditional music industry is overstating things - the reality is that (whilst their profits may be diminishing) they still dominate a multi-billion dollar marketplace and exercise unprecedented control over the star-making process. And, of course, they have the resources to be able to reinvent themselves. The actual future of music is a complex and contested one. This book aims to unpack that complexity, map the changes and explain the causes and motivations surrounding an industry undergoing change. It explores the world of popular music from three distinct perspectives. Firstly, it examines the new opportunities available to consumers of music - interrogating how the lines between production and consumption are blurring, creating fans who do much more than just listen to music. Secondly, it draws on interviews with a diverse range of musicians explaining their place in the brave new world and trying to articulate their newly defined roles. Finally, it examines the industry itself, and unpack the responses to current challenges from new and old players alike.
In Torn music (which takes its title from the film Torn curtain, whose famous score replacement put an end to the long and fruitful collaboration between director Alfred Hitchcock and composer Bernard Herrmann), film historian Gergely Hubai recounts the often strange and surprising stories behind 300 rejected and replaced scores dating from the 1930s through the 2000s. In these behind-the-scenes tales, dedication collides with miscommunication, musical geniuses clash with the tone-deaf, commercialism brawls with artistic purity, and a lot of hard work goes unrewarded. The movies discussed in Torn Music range from the most popular to the all-but-forgotten, and from high art to lowbrow fare; they even include a handful of TV shows and a videogame.
Frederic Chopin's Chamber Music and Polish Songs
Bluetooth audio streaming user interface testing process
All you need to know about music business
Getting the best score for your film: a filmmakers' guide to music scoring
Sound for picture : an inside look at audio production for film and television
Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay : the business of popular music
The mansion on the hill : Dylan, Young, Geffen, Springsteen and the head-on collision of rock and commerce
The sounds of commerce : marketing popular film music
Sound, the latest book in the Behind the Silver Screen series, introduces key concepts, seminal moments, and pivotal figures in the development of cinematic sound. Each of the book's six chapters cover a different era in the history of Hollywood, from silent films to the digital age, and each is written by an expert in that period. Together, the book's contributors are able to explore a remarkable range of past and present film industry practices, from the hiring of elocution coaches to the marketing of soundtrack records.
The plain and simple guide to music publishing
The desktop studio : a guide to computer-based audio production
Indie rock 101 : running, recording, promoting your band
The history of music production
Producing pop : culture and conflict in the popular music industry
Make your music video and put it online
The song machine : how to make a hit
Make music with your iPad®
The art of music production
PA Design and Optimization : a closer look to the factors and steps needed to achieve a good sound.
The sound on sound book of recording & production techniques : for the recording musician
The music producer's handbook
Bowie, Bolan and the Brooklyn boy : the autobiography
The music business : career opportunities and self-defense
The musicians' bible 2002 : the complete guide to the music business
Sound and music for the theatre : the art and technique of design
Music, sound and filmmakers : sonic style in cinema
Prenatal pain in album making process.  : How to anticipate and understand stressful situations and whether we can learn something from childbirth.
Radio production : a manual for broadcasters
The art of music publishing : an entrepreneurial guide to publishing and copyright for the music, film and media industries
MySpace for musicians : the comprehensive guide to marketing your music online
Popular music. 3, Producers and markets
What is music production : a producer's guide : the role, the people, the process
Make music now!
Complete guide to film scoring : the art and business of writing music for movies and TV
Torn music : rejected film scores : a selected history
The producer's manual : all you need to get pro recordings and mixes in the project studio
Record label marketing
Confessions of a record producer : how to survive the scams and shams of the music business
Film scores are rejected and replaced for every conceivable reason - style, quality, a test-audience's reaction, a composer's name recognition, the picture's re-editing. Sometimes the change improves a film; often it doesn't. Either way, such replacements are more common than most moviegoers imagine, and no composer, from the novice to the most famous and respected, is immune.
The future of the music business : how to succeed with the new digital technologies
When the music stops... : managers, maestros and the corporate murder of classical music
Organization of a large scale music event: planning and production
The music industry handbook
Music on show : issues of performance
Studio basics : what you should know before entering the recording studio
The art of music production : the theory and practice
Download! : how the internet transformed the record business
Thinking in pictures : the making of the movie Matewan
This business of artist management
The musician's handbook : a practical guide to understanding the music business
The future of the music business : how to succeed with the new digital technologies : a guide for artists and entrepreneurs
Special issue : perspectives on the arts and technology
Music 4.1 : a survival guide for making music in the Internet age
The art of record production
A guide to the business, process, and procedures for writing music for film or television. Includes interviews with film scoring professionals.
There's a reason hit songs offer such guilty pleasure--they're designed that way. Over the last two decades a new type of hit song has emerged, one that is almost inescapably catchy. Pop songs have always had a "hook," but today's songs bristle with them: a hook every seven seconds is the rule. Painstakingly crafted to tweak the brain's delight in melody, rhythm, and repetition, these songs are highly processed products. Like snack-food engineers, modern songwriters have discovered the musical "bliss point." And just like junk food, the bliss point leaves you wanting more. In The Song Machine, longtime New Yorker staff writer John Seabrook tells the story of the massive cultural upheaval that produced these new, super-strength hits. Seabrook takes us into a strange and surprising world, full of unexpected and vivid characters, as he traces the growth of this new approach to hit-making from its obscure origins in early 1990s Sweden to its dominance of today's Billboard charts. Going beyond music to discuss money, business, marketing, and technology, The Song Machine explores what the new hits may be doing to our brains and listening habits, especially as services like Spotify and Apple Music use streaming data to gather music into new genres invented by algorithms based on listener behavior. Revelatory and original, this book will change the way you listen to music.--Adapted from book jacket.
Guitarra de Palo is a 70 minutes independent musical movie on the verge of documentary and fiction whose purpose is filming the music from "inside" understanding the music itself and the culture around. It was made between the spring of 2009 and summer of 2011 by the flamenco guitarist and composer Antón Jiménez and I, Andrea Zapata Girau, who co-produced, directed, filmed and edited it. Flamenco is the main music style in the film but, without loosing its roots, it dialogues with other styles such as Latin-jazz, Russian folklore or contemporary classical music. In the cast you can find some of the main names of those styles, artists such as the dancer Lola Greco, the flamenco singer Diego "El Cigala" or the Latin-jazz trumpet player Jerry González. As we did not have any grants or a production company behind, all the artists participated disinterestedly, just because they liked the concept. We wanted the locations to be the ones the music evocated, in addition the musicians involved lived in different countries, so the movie turned into a long trip searching for those elements. Places such as Andalusia, Berlin, Havana, Cayman Islands, Nicaragua or New York, with their people and pieces of everyday life, also became the protagonists of the film. Guitarra de Palo will be screened on TV, theaters and distributed on DVD. When showed in theatres it  will have a show after the screening that brings the whole world of Guitarra de Palo to the stage.
The musicians' bible 2002 : The complete guide to the music business
The art of producing : how to produce an audio project
Music in advertising
Make your own music video
The art of watching films
Social media and music : the digital field of cultural production
Showreel.01 : 53 projects on audiovisual design
How to succeed in the music business
Artist management for the music business
You stand there : making music video
The aim guide to survival and success in the music business
Music, sound and multimedia : from the live to the virtual
From demo to delivery : the process of production
Sound and recording : an introduction
Start & run your own record label : winning marketing strategies for today's music industry
Music 3.0 : a survival guide for making music in the internet age
MySpace for musicians
Concert tour production management : how to take your show on the road
This business of global music marketing
The independent filmmaker's law and business guide
A film is nearly finished and ready to make its way into theaters, when one or more of its prime movers - producer, director, studio brass - decides that it just doesn't "feel" right and hits the brakes. What can be done quickly to alter the movie's complexion? The most obvious option is to change the last element added to the film - its music! So, often regardless of whether the film actually needs a new score, a new composer is hired at the last minute to replace the previous composer's heartfelt work.
The Billboard guide to writing and producing songs that sell : how to create hits in today's music industry
The cut the crap! : guide to making a record
Alan Parsons' art & science of sound recording : the book
The interactive music handbook : the definitive guide to Internet music strategies, enhanced CD production and business development
Sound : dialogue, music, and effects
Will pop eat itself? : pop music in the soundbite era
The song machine : inside the hit factory
The death and life of the music industry in the digital age
