http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2956 insurance
insurance
European insurance law : an analysis of community and member state legislation
Reinsurance : principles and practice. 2
Insurance ethics for a more ethical world
Brand building in the Finnish consumer insurance markets : a value differentation focus
Aviation insurance : the law and practice of aviation insurance, including hovercraft and spacecraft insurance
Suomen lääketilasto. 2010 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Grounding security : family, insurance and the state
Policy issues in insurance : investment, taxation, insolvency
The appeal of insurance
Precedents of insurance cases decided by the Supreme Court of Finland
Marketing of Insurance Products in Kenya
Supplementary health insurance in Finland : consumer preferences and behaviour
Encouraging collections mobility : a way forward for museums in Europe / editor-in-chief: Susanna Pettersson ; editors: Monika Hagedorn-Saupe, Teijamari Jyrkkiö, Astrid Weij
Passenger claims and insurance
Insurance and cartels through wars and depressions : Swedish marine insurance and reinsurance between the world wars
Insurance companies as major investors are a potential source of systemic risk
Diet and activity in Swedish dogs
Economics and insurance : an introduction to the economic aspects of insurance
Money saving handbook
Health financing mechanisms, access to health and economic growth
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
Managing international political risk
"Insurance today is a global economic colossus and a fixture in the developed countries of the world. Dependant upon a considerable dose of moral exhortation and enlightened appeal, the insurance industry has become a pervasive agent of social and economic control through its delineation of acceptable (compensated) and unacceptable (uncompensated) risk.
Soviet insurance law
International antitrust law & policy
Executive summary (s. 9-13).
Protection of the insured
International risk and insurance : an environmental-managerial approach
Economics of agricultural crop insurance : theory and evidence
Insurance solvency and financial strength
Customer satisfaction Case: National Life Insurance Company Limited, Khulna Branch
In search for the best alliance structure between banks and insurance companies
Journal of risk and insurance
General principles of insurance law. Supplement to 4 ed
Casebook on insurance law
Reeds Marine Insurance is aimed at all those who have little or no experience of marine or any other form of insurance working within the maritime transport field. Ideal for cargo operators, port managers, ship brokers, and shipping transport managers, it will also be invaluable for students on maritime law, sea transport and shipping courses and for those studying marine insurance as part of a maritime management course. It is designed to take the reader from the basics through to a competent level of understanding on the subject . It includes the main principles underlying marine insurance.
Warranties in marine insurance
Comparison of Loan Insurances
Danish insurance law
Micro insurance and the interface between insurers and insured households : an analysis of the Afat Vimo Partner-Agent Model of micro insurance in Gujarat, India
The St. Petersburg insurance market : current challenges and future opportunities
The economic theory of annuities
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Suomen lääketilasto. 2009 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Handbook of asset and liability management. Vol. 2, applications and case studies
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Managing risks in public organisations
Nordic financial sector vulnerable to housing market risks
Insurance of crops in developing countries
Security consulting
Contributions to insurance economics
Export procedures : an interactive guide to export documentation
Personal accident, life and other insurances
Guidelines to meet insurance and other risk management needs in developing aquaculture in Asia
Abstract: Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty.
The law of waiver, variation and estoppel
Birds' modern insurance law
Buying a promise : microinsurance in India - case Allianz
Uncertainty aversion in a simple insurance model
Modern insurance law
Household indebtedness is high in the Nordic countries. Housing loans are a significant part of banks' business, and covered bonds are important for banks both as sources of funding and as investments. The large size of the Nordic banking sector, its high degree of concentration and its interconnectedness with insurance companies increase the importance of housing market-related risks for the financial system and the economy as a whole. The materialisation of threats would increase losses in lending and investment activities and the cost of funding..
Livestock and aquaculture insurance in developing countries
Hide! : here comes the insurance guy : a practical guide to understanding business insurance and risk management
Developing service quality and efficiency : case: Tapiola's international motor vehicle claims unit
Restaurant finance : a handbook for successful management and operations
Sverige Reinsurance Company 1914-64
Life after death : the diffusion of Swedish life insurance - dynamics of financial and social modernization 1830-1950
At the beginning of 2016, a new life and non-life insurance company solvency regulation was launched in EU, the so-called Solvency II regime. In the new regulation, both assets and liabilities of insurance companies are valued at market terms. The timing of the reform is awkward for the companies, as low interest rates and economic uncertainty burden company solvency..
Reinsurance : principles and practice. 1
Legal and documentary aspects of the marine insurance contract : report
Financial risk in insurance
The Finnish approach
Wage bargaining and employment under different unemployment insurance contribution policies
Introduction to risk management and insurance
Strategic management and marketing strategy in insurance companies : case: China Life Insurance Company Limited in Shifang
Forest fire insurance in Suomi
Insurance in the EEC : the European Community's programme for a new regime
CEA Info. 2, Competition : adaptation of European competition law to insurance
An introduction to P & I.
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Transactions of the 23rd International Congress of Actuaries : Helsinki, Finland 11-16 July 1988 = Comptes rendus du 23e congrès international d'actuaires : Helsinki, Finlande, 11-16 juillet 1988 = Berichte des 23. internationalen Kongresses der Versicherungsmathematiker : Helsinki, Finnland, 11.-16. Juli 1988.
English abstract.
Modern corporate insurance theory
For centuries, warranties have played a significant role in the law of marine insurance and in this book Baris Soyer offers a comprehensive and authoritative examination of warranties in marine insurance. The book sets out the current law on marine insurance warranties as well as exploring the legal remedies available when a marine insurance warranty is breached. The third edition is brought up to date with significant discussion of recent case law including: Kosmar Villa Holidays v. Trustees of Syndicate; Pratt v Aigaion Insurance Co; Argo Systems FZE v. Liberty Insurance (Pte); The Buana Dua, The Princess of the Stars, The Nancy, and Garnat Trading & Shipping (Singapore) Pte Ltd v. Baominh Insurance Corporation with a view to identifying their impact on established legal principles. The third edition also goes on to evaluate the impact of the changes that will be introduced in this area by the Insurance Act 2015. This Act will alter the warranty regime significantly but it is also expected to have an impact on other risk alteration clauses such as condition precedents, suspensory warranties and exclusion clauses. This book is essential reading for postgraduate students and academics in international commercial law and marine insurance law as well as insurers and legal practitioners.
Chalmers' marine insurance act, 1906
Reforming the insurance market in Russia
Young people's insurance buing behavior
Obstacles to the liberalization of trade in insurance
Liberalisation of international insurance operations : cross-border trade and establishment of foreign branches = Libéraliser les opérations internationales d'assurance : les échanges transfrontières et l'établissement de succursales étrangères
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
The crisis in insurance regulation
Buffer funding of unemployment insurance : wage and employment effects
Foundations of insurance economics : readings in economics and finance
Regulating capital : setting standards for the international financial system
Financial regulation : changing the rules of the game
STRATEGIES FOR SMALL- AND MEDIUM-SIZED COMPANIES IN CHINESE INSURANCE INDUSTRY
AIDS : a guide to the law
Increasing sales in Tapiola's call centre
Information networks in insurance industry
The complete book of pesticide management : science, regulation, stewardship, and communication
On the determinants of corporate business interruption insurance purchases : empirical evidence
Unemployment accounts : a Finnish application
A guide to marine hull insurance claims
Is a friend in need a friend indeed? : inclusion and exclusion in mutual insurance networks in Southern Ghana
Customer Representatives As Part-Time Marketers Of Online Services : Case: Tapiola General Mutual Insurance Company
Handbook of insurance
Aviation insurance : the law and practice of aviation insurance including hovercraft and satellite insurance
The small business bible: everything you need to know to succeed in your small business
Review of the current state of world capture fisheries insurance
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
The macroeconomic repercussions of agricultural shocks and their implications for insurance
Investment and Savings Policies from the Perspective of Estate Planning
Social protection for the informal sector and the informally employed in Vietnam : literature and data review
Versicherungswörterbuch = Insurance dictionary = Dictionnaire d'assurance
Has customer satisfaction been  affected by the offshoring trend of call centres in the  British insurance industry?
Distribution of private retirement plans in Mexico through multilevel marketing : the case study of Expertos Patrimoniales, consulting firm
Time spent on waiting lists for medical care : an insurance approach
Net worth : using the internet for personal financial planning
Final report : summary and conclusions
Suomen lääketilasto 2011 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2011
Insurance competition law : a handbook to the competition law of the European Union and the European Economic Area
Essays on pensions and information
Bayesian methods in insurance companies' risk management
The law of insurance
Review of the current state of world aquaculture insurance
Reeds marine insurance
Acca study text. Certificate paper 7, The tax framework (FA 94)
The effect of unemployment benefits on re-employment rates : evidence from the Finnish UI-benefit reform
Key account acquisition and retention in the United Kingdom private medical insurance market : case study: AXA PPP healthcare
Reports from Marine Insurance Symposium : Oslo, 4.-6. June 1998.
Country reports : VI Finland
The Appeal of Insurance traces the ways in which insurance, over the past three centuries, has grown in concert with a clientele largely of its own making. Drawing on the fields of history, sociology, criminology and economics, these essays break new ground in insurance studies by illuminating the dialectical relationship between the expansion of the insurance business and the public demand for economic and social security."--pub. desc.
Risk classification in life insurance
The London Underwriting Centre : Lloyd's List special supplment
Unit linked insurance : a new class of insurance in Finland
EEC financial services cases from Common Market law reports. Vol. 2, Insurance
Adverse selection, competition, and linear self-insurance
Summary (s. 17-23). - Resumé (s. 24-31).
Introduction to P & I
Long-term results and treatment injuries in pediatric tibial and femoral fractures
Modern financial markets and institutions : a practical perspective
Insurance statistics yearbook
An insurance company's perspective on insurability of agricultural buildings
One region, one money : implications of regional currency consolidation for financial services
Aids and insurance : documents and texts from the Panel of the 15th General Assembly of the Geneva Association
Insure or invest in green technologies to protect against adverse weather events?
Warranties in Marine Insurance
Legal and documentary aspects of the French and Latin American marine insurance legal regimes : report
The nordic cooperation
Chernobyl effects and dental insurance
Automobile insurance ... for whose benefit? : a report to Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller
THE FREQUENT LABOUR TURNOVER IN INSURANCE COMPANIES IN NIGERIA : (Case : Nigerian Insurance sector)
Seizing the white space : innovative service concepts in the United States
The insurance law of the People's Republic of China = Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo baoxian fa
The law of insurance contracts : with 1991 supplement
An institutional analysis of insurance regulation : the case of Sweden
Irmi's political risk insurance guide
Reform of insurance sector regulation
The legal expenses insurance directive : a consumer perspective
Market potential for house liability insurance : case: Suomen Omaisuustieto Oy
Building an innovative organization culture : case insurance company X
International product liability
Customer Relationship Management in Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd
Operational risk management in Finnish insurance companies : case: company X
Financial services in the new Europe : the Comparative law yearbook of international business : special issue, 1992
Principles of risk management and insurance
Swedish insurance law : an introduction
Essays on insurance economics
Costly policies : state regulation and antitrust exemption in insurance markets
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
Focus on personal finance : an active approach to help you develop successful financial skills
Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty
Gard guidance on maritime claims and insurance
The enterprise resource planning implementation process : a case study of the insurance application implementation in the Scandinavian countries
General principles of insurance law
Succesful eCommerce drivers for insurance online store
MacGillivray & Parkington on insurance law : relating to all risks other than marine
Financial system risk resilience and structural risks
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
Insured homes as the foundation of society : private insurance and everyday economics in Finland during the 1950s
Should old-age benefits be earnings-tested?
The Geneva papers on risk and insurance : issues and practice
The Solvency II Handbook : Practical Approaches to Implementation
Insurance: Competition or regulation? : A comparative study of the insurance markets in the United Kingdom and the Federal Republic of Germany
Varma : customer magazine for entrepreneurs
An introduction to economic capital
Crop insurance
Automobile liability claims : insurance company philosophies and practices : by Jerry S. Rosenbloom
Crop insurance for developing countries : study
Trading with America
Insurance companies promote economic activity by offering savings products and protection against risks. At the same time, insurance companies themselves are also investors. The reliability of insurance business is important for the economy as a whole. The low level of interest rates weakens insurance companies' investment returns and increases the market value of liabilities in the sector; when protracted, this poses problems, particularly for life insurers. Systemic risks in the insurance business have begun to attract attention, especially in consideration of insurance companies' importance as significant institutional investors..
Start and run a successful cleaning business: the Essential guide to building a profitable company
International insurance contract law in the EC : Proceedings of a comparative law conference held at the European University Institute, Florence ; May 23-24, 1991
