http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29542 Scratch
Scratch
A beginner's guide to coding
"Scratch is the wildly popular educational programming language used by millions of first-time learners in classrooms, libraries, and homes worldwide. By dragging together colorful blocks of code, kids quickly learn computer programming concepts and make cool games and animations.In Super Scratch Programming Adventure!, kids learn programming fundamentals as they make their very own playable video games. They'll create projects inspired by classic arcade games that can be programmed (and played!) in an afternoon. The book's patient, step-by-step explanations of the code and fun programming challenges will have kids creating their own games in no time.This full-color comic book makes programming concepts like flow control, subroutines, and data types effortless to absorb. Packed with ideas for games that kids will be proud to show off, Super Scratch Programming Adventure! is the perfect first step for the budding programmer"--
Coding in Scratch for games made easy
20 games to create with Scratch
Microscratch testing method for systematic evaluation of the adhesion of atomic layer deposited thin films on silicon
Scratch for kids for dummies®
Learn to program with Scratch : a visual introduction to programming with games, art, science and math
Scratch is a beginner-friendly programming environment popular in schools around the world. Its playful, intuitive interface uses colorful programming blocks and cartoon sprites to make real programming more approachable. Majed Marji shows how much you can do with Scratch and teaches essential, universal programming concepts along the way.
Coding for beginners using Scratch
Scratch for kids for dummies
Computer coding projects for kids
Design implications for digital scratch-card games
Scratch 2.0 game development hotshot : 10 engaging projects that will teach you how to build exciting games with the easy-to-use Scratch 2.0 environment
Scratch programming in easy steps : covers Scratch 2.0 and Scratch 1.4
Coding with Scratch made easy
Super Scratch programming adventure! : learn to program by making cool games!
Connected code : why children need to learn programming
Computer coding for kids : a unique step-by-step visual guide, from binary code to building games
Coding, once considered an arcane craft practiced by solitary techies, is now recognized by educators and theorists as a crucial skill, even a new literacy, for all children. Programming is often promoted in K-12 schools as a way to encourage "computational thinking" -- which has now become the umbrella term for understanding what computer science has to contribute to reasoning and communicating in an ever-increasingly digital world. In Connected Code, Yasmin Kafai and Quinn Burke argue that although computational thinking represents an excellent starting point, the broader conception of "computational participation" better captures the twenty-first-century reality. Computational participation moves beyond the individual to focus on wider social networks and a DIY culture of digital "making." Kafai and Burke describe contemporary examples of computational participation: students who code not for the sake of coding but to create games, stories, and animations to share; the emergence of youth programming communities; the practices and ethical challenges of remixing (rather than starting from scratch); and the move beyond stationary screens to programmable toys, tools, and textiles.
