http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29518 strings quartets (compositions)
strings quartets (compositions)
Howl, U.S.A.
Compatible quartets for strings : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments. Bass
Haydn: String quartets, op. 50
Contemporary finnish music 2
Quartet No. 6, Opus 101 : for 2 Violins, Viola and Cello
The "Galitzin" quartets of Beethoven : opp. 127, 132, 130
Composing the modern subject : four string quartets by Dmitri Shostakovich
String quartets D87, 703 & 804
Quartet : for Piano, Violin, Viola and Violoncello ; C minor Op. 60
The Cambridge companion to the string quartet
Quartet : Ab major : for 2 violins, viola and violoncello
Quartet for Piano, Violin, Viola and Violoncello G minor Op. 25
String quartet, op. 1
The four string quartets
Musical representations, subjects, and objects : the construction of musical thought in Zarlino, Descartes, Rameau, and Weber
Compatible quartets for strings. Bass : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments
String quartet No. 1 in D major, op. 11.
Quartet in B flat major, K. 458, The hunt
Ideology, style, content and thematic process in the symphonies, cello concertos and string quartets of Shostakovich
Complete string quartets
Compatible quartets for strings : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments. Cello
String quartets : A minor, B flat major
Borodin Quartet 60th anniversary
Quartet : no. 7 A major for 2 violins, viola and violoncello
String quartets nos. 1 and 2
Shostakovich in dialogue : form, imagery and ideas in quartets 1-7
Haydn : the innovator : a new approach to the string quartets
The string quartet
Quartets for flute, violin, viola and violoncello
Eleven late string quartets : Op. 74, 76 and 77, complete
The piano quartet and quintet : style, structure and scoring
Compatible quartets for strings. Cello : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments
Beethoven for a later age : The journey of a string quartert
Black Flowers
The Composer
Compatible quartets for strings : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments. Viola
Quartet for 2 violins, viola and violoncello : E Minor : From my life = Aus meinem Leben
String quartets A minor, B flat major
Compatible quartets for strings : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments. Violin
The World
String quartets 1 - 7
Simple symphony for string orchestra (or string quartet)
Two pieces : for string quartet
String quartets
Howl, U.S.A
Living toys
The art of string quartet playing : practice, technique and interpretation : with 132 examples in full score
String quartet chamber music :  the personal way of music development
Compatible quartets for strings. Viola : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments
Native informant
String works : Film Themes
String quartet no. 1 : op. 50
Quartet in c minor : for piano, 2 violins and cello : 1891
Quartet : for 2 violins, viola and violoncello Bb major Op. 130
Song of songs
Finnish works for string quartet : string quartets' edition
A reader's guide to Haydn's early string quartets
Two pieces for string Quartet : seven romances on poems of Alexander Blok : piano quintet
The Beethoven string quartets : compositional strategies and rhetoric
Sixth string quartet
The Beethoven Quartets
The Beethoven quartet companion
