http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2957 gene mapping
gene mapping
Quantitative trait loci for egg quality and production in laying hens
Probability models for DNA sequence evolution
Identifying genetic risk factors in canine autoimmune disorders
Genome mapping of quantitative trait loci in Salix with an emphasis on freezing resistance
Identification of genes controlling milk production in dairy cattle
Molecular genetics and breeding for forest trees
Dissecting genetic variation in European Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) : special emphasis on polygenic adaptation
Molecular genetics of congenital chloride diarrhea
Genome analysis of quantitative trait loci in the pig
Landmarks in medical genetics : classic papers with commentaries
Molecular cloning : a laboratory manual
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
Bioinformatics : a practical guide to the analysis of genes and proteins
The common thread : a story of science, politics, ethics and the human genome
Pattern discovery from biosequences
Brassicas and legumes : from genome structure to breeding
Genetic mapping in experimental populations
The genome war : how Craig Venter tried to capture the code of life and save the world
Genome : the story of the most astonishing scientific adventure of our time - the attempt to map all the genes in the human body
New biology for engineers and computer scientists
Genome mapping and molecular breeding in plants. Vol. 1, Cereals and millets
Comparative genome analysis in the horse
A sub-phenotype approach to dissect the genetic control of murine type 1 diabetes
Genetic mapping of traits important in barley breeding
Who should know about our genetic makeup and why
The human genome project in college curriculum : ethical issues and practical strategies
The genome generation
In search of the diastrophic dysplasia gene : genetic mapping of the disease locus
Miarus campanulae species group in Finland : inferred from analysis of combined mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences
Just ignore it? : parents and genetic information
Principles and practices of plant genomics. Vol. 1, Genome mapping
Molecular genetics of lactase deficiencies
Genetics, genomics, and breeding of conifers
Genetic ignorance and reasonable paternalism
Assignment of the tibial muscular dystrophy locus to chromosome 2q31
Bovine DNA markers in mapping loci affecting milk production traits
Approaches to gene mapping in complex human diseases
Functional analysis of the α10β1 integrin
Adaptation through polygenic selection is a prominent feature in nature. Still, the genetic backgrounds of polygenic adaptations are often unknown. The challenges of resolving adaptive processes are related to selection being distributed over several loci with often small effect sizes. Also, even a low level of population substructure can obstruct the inference. Further, demographic factors in the history of the species, such as population size changes and range expansions leave a confounding footprint in the background genomic variation. In this thesis, polygenic adaptation was studied with Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.), a widespread ecologically and economically important conifer.In this thesis, timing of bud set - an adaptive polygenic trait - was studied at the level of the phenotype in a common garden study, and at the genomic level by examining the sequence and allele frequency variation patterns in bud set timing related loci, with a sampling across a latitudinal transect in Europe. An association study, combining these two levels, was carried out with a new Bayesian multipopulation method. The congruence of allozyme and nucleotide level diversity was estimated, the level of neutral genetic population structure surveyed, and a demographic background model for statistical inference of selective signals redefined. Allozyme variation seemed to correlate well with the nucleotide level variation at the between species level, but within population, at the individual allozyme coding loci, does not describe the underlying level of nucleotide variation well. Indications of recent colonization history affecting the level of differentiation between populations were seen, and the need to control for the background effects of simultaneous range expansion and adaptation shown. Lower phenotypic and additive genetic variation in timing of bud set was found in northern comp ared to central European populations. Signs of heterogeneity in genetic basis of this trait were also found between these areas, which could indicate different timekeeping mechanisms due to different environmental cues in the two regions. The results in this thesis are of value to the study of adaptation, but also for breeding, conservation and prediction of responses of forest trees to future climate change.
The maize handbook
Algorithms for association-based gene mapping
Fiber-fish : new strategy for positioning and ordering of clones
Mathematics of genome analysis
Principles of genome analysis and genomics
Plant genotyping. 2, SNP technology
Lactobacillus crispatus and Propionibacterium freudenreichii : a genomic and transcriptomic view
Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis : from epidemiology to gene mapping
Genotyping for genetic association studies : methods and applications
New methods for mapping quantitative trait loci
Reflections of our past : how human history is revealed in our genes
"The year 2001 saw the completion of the human genome project, the culmination of a fourteen-year, $3 billion international race to read every letter of the code that makes up a human being. Reading this code was the most profound revelation in the history of knowledge, with the potential to unveil the secret of what makes us human. After three years of investigation, Elizabeth Finkel brings us the biggest news stories from the genetics frontier. She looks at the revolution in the areas of medicine, agriculture and evolution, travelling from Botswana to Boston, from Singapore to Mexico, from wheatfields in the Wimmera plains to laboratories all over Australia to help us understand what is happening in 'The Genome Generation'"--P. [4] of cover.
High-resolution physical and transcriptional mapping of the autoimmune polyendocrinopathy-candidiasis-ectodermal dystrophy locus on chromosome 21q22.3 by FISH
Statistical genetics : gene mapping through linkage and association
Genome exploitation : data mining the genome
Asthma candidate genes in the Finnish population
Mapping of quantitative trait loci in Atlantic salmon and tilapia = Kartlegging av quantitative trait loci i Atlantisk laks og tilapia
Molecular genetics of chicken egg quality
Applications of fluorescence in situ hybridization : from gene hunting to mutation visualization
Human molecular genetics
The Britannica guide to genetics : the most exciting developments in life science : from Mendel to the human genome project
The chicken avidin gene family : organization, evolution and frequent recombination
Forest trees
The human genome
Physical mapping of important trait loci in the pig
Intra- and interspecific gene flow and phylogenetic relationships in the Salmonidae as revealed by protein and DNA analyses
Simulation and graph mining tools for improving gene mapping efficiency
Vegetables and vegetable products
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
The gene : an intimate history
Molecular characterisation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) genes in mammals
Principles of gene manipulation and genomics
FISH mapping : from chromosomal localization to an ESTablished transcript map
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
Genetic structure in Finland and Sweden: aspects of population history and gene mapping
Statistical genomics : linkage, mapping and QTL analysis
Opening the book of life : politics of metaphors and the human genome
Genetics, genomics and breeding of cool season grain legumes
Generation of cDNA libraries : methods and protocols
The handbook of plant genome mapping : genetic and physical mapping
Molecular Genetics : reverse genetics, molecular cloning, biology, gene, molecule, genetics, molecular biology, population genetics, biological classification, molecular phylogenetics, gene mapping, genomic imprinting
Bayesian multilocus association models for prediction and mapping of genome-wide data
The gene wars : science, politics, and the human genome
Summary.
An atlas of Mammalian chromosomes
An introduction to population genetics : theory and applications
Genomics of bacterial and archaeal virus isolates from extreme aquatic environments
Simulation techniques for disease gene localization in isolated populations
Computational methods for augmenting association-based gene mapping
Understanding the genome
Genome mapping in the horse
On the superior power of likelihood-based linkage disequilibrium mapping in large multiplex families compared to population based case-control designs
"Genetic linkage maps are an increasingly important tool in both fundamental and applied research, enabling the study and deployment of genes that determine important biological traits. This concise introduction to genetic mapping in species with disomic inheritance enables life science graduate students and researchers to use mapping software to produce more reliable results. After a brief refresher on meiosis and genetic recombination, the steps in the map construction procedure are described, with explanations of the computations involved. The emphasis throughout is on the practical application of the methods described; detailed mathematical formulae are avoided and exercises are included to help readers consolidate their understanding. A chapter on recognising and solving problems provides valuable guidance for dealing with real-life situations. An extensive chapter dedicated to the more complex situation of outbreeding species offers a unique insight into the approach required for many economically important and model species, both plants and animals"--Provided by publisher.
Quantitative trait loci detection and benefits from marker-assisted selection in dairy cattle
Proceedings of the IXth International Conference on Grape Genetics and Breeding : Udine, Italy, July, 2-6, 2006
Gene mapping of juvenile retinoschisis and Åland Island eye disease on the human X chromosome
DNA-based markers in plants
