http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p29528 aesthetics of music
aesthetics of music
All music : essays on the hermeneutics of music
Musical aesthetics : a historical reader. Vol. 3, The twentieth century
The pleasures of aesthetics : philosophical essays
Everyday music listening : absorption, dissociation and trancing
The aesthetics of popular art
Music and sentiment
The perception of music
Music and the arts : proceedings from ICMS 7
Music and mind : philosophical essays on the cognition and meaning of music
A concise survey of music philosophy
The moment of existence : music, literature, and the arts, 1990-1995
Contemplating music : source readings in the aesthetics of music. Vol. 2, Import
Perspectives on aesthetics, art and culture : essays in honour of Lars-Olof Åhlberg
The interpretation of early music
Tuning the mind : connecting aesthetics to cognitive science
Poetics of music : in the form of six lessons
The piece as a whole : Studies in holistic musical analysis
Greatness in music
The musical realism of Leoš Janáček : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
Art and emotion
A composer's world : horizons and limitations
Aesthetics : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 4, The individual arts
The Continuum companion to aesthetics
Aesthetics and the art of musical composition in the German Enlightenment : selected writings of Johann Georg Sulzer and Heinrich Christoph Koch
Emotion in aesthetics
Noise music : cognitive psychology, aesthetics and epistemology
Kantian aesthetics pursued
Values of art : pictures, poetry and music
On the musically beautiful : a contribution towards the revision of the aesthetics of music
Analysis and value judgment
The beautiful in music : a contribution to the revisal of musical aesthetics
Music and meaning : a theoretical introduction to musical aesthetics
Takannessa: What is the relationship between music and time? How does musical rhythm express our social experience of time? In Groove: An Aesthetic of Measured Time, Mark Abel explains the rise to prominence in Western music of a new way of organising rhythm - groove. He provides a historical account of its emergence around the turn of the twentieth century, and analyses the musical components which make it work. Drawing on materialist interpretations of art and culture, Mark Abel engages with aesthetic arguments, challenging in particular Adorno's critique of popular music. He concludes that groove does not simply reflect the temporality of contemporary society, but, by incorporating abstract time into its very structure, is capable of effecting a critique of it"
Aesthetic criteria for musical interpretation : a study of the contemporary performance of western notated instrumental music after 1750
Music and aesthetics in the eighteenth and early-nineteenth centuries
Music and humanism : an essay in the aesthetics of music
Musical aesthetics : a historical reader. Vol. 1, From antiquity to the eighteenth century
Cognitive and neural determinants of music appreciation and aesthetics
Music and discourse : toward a semiology of music
A philosophy of music education
The musical idea and the logic, technique, and art of its presentation
Aesthetics of live electronic music
Rock: the primary text : developing a musicology of rock
Metaphysical song : an essay on opera
A neglected art : A critical study of music in films
In what ways does listening to music shape everyday perception? Is music particularly effective in promoting shifts in consciousness? Is there any difference perceptually between contemplating one's surroundings and experiencing a work of art? "Everyday Music Listening" is the first book to focus in-depth on the detailed nature of music listening episodes as lived mental experiences. Ruth Herbert uses new empirical data to explore the psychological processes involved in everyday music listening scenarios, charting interactions between music, perceiver and environment in a diverse range of real-world contexts. Findings are integrated with insights from a broad range of literature, including consciousness studies and research into altered states of consciousness, as well as ideas from ethnology and evolutionary psychology suggesting that a psychobiological capacity for trancing is linked to the origins of making and receiving of art. The term 'trance' is not generally associated with music listening outside ethnomusicological studies of strong experiences; yet 'hypnotic-like' involvements in daily life have long been recognized by hypnotherapy researchers. The author argues that multiply distributed attention - prevalent in much contemporary listening-does not necessarily indicate superficial engagement. Music emerges as a particularly effective mediator of experience. Absorption and dissociation, as manifestations of trancing, are self-regulatory processes, often operating at the level of unconscious awareness, that support an individual perception of psychological health. This fascinating study brings together research and theory from a wide range of fields to provide a new framework for understanding the phenomenology of music listening in a way that will appeal to both specialist academic audiences and a broad general readership.
On the nature of musical experience
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
The aesthetics of music
The secret power of music
Cross-cultural aesthetics
The Blackwell guide to aesthetics
Groove : an aesthetic of measured time
Abstract. - Summary
The interpretation of music : philosophical essays
Reflections on art : a source book of writings by artists, critics, and philosophers
The unanswered question : six talks at Harvard
Transfigurements : on the true sense of art
The time of music : new meanings, new temporalities, new listening strategies
Looking for the "Harp" quartet : an investigation into musical beauty
A history of Western musical aesthetics
'The wind whispers quietly' : children's aesthetic experiences of music
Arguing about art : contemporary philosophical debates
Aesthetics : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 3, Issues and challenges
Contemplating music : source readings in the aesthetics of music. Volume 4, Community of  discourse
Music and the ineffable
Wordless rhetoric : musical form and the metaphor of the oration
The philosophy of music : theme and variations
Music & meaning : a theoretical introduction to musical aesthetics
The musical image : a theory of content
Performing live : aesthetic alternatives for the ends of art
Sound and symbol. Vol. 2, Man the musician
Classical music, why bother? : hearing the world of contemporary culture through a composer's ears
The history of music aesthetics
Aesthetics and music
The appreciation of music : ten talks of musical form
Nada Brahma, the world is sound : music and the landscape of consciousness
What is music? : an introduction to the philosophy of music
Essays on the philosophy of music
Music, art, and metaphysics : essays in philosophical aesthetics
Thinking about music : an introduction to the philosophy of music
Musical time : the sense of order
Philosophical perspectives on music
A Philosophy of music education : advancing the vision
Performing rites : on the value of popular music
Ocean of sound : aether talk, ambient sound and imaginary worlds
Music and the myth of wholeness : toward a new aesthetic paradigm
Aesthetics of music : musicological perspectives
Art and enlightenment : aesthetic theory after Adorno
Bad music : the music we love to hate
Musical aesthetics : a historical reader. Vol. 2, The nineteenth century
Contemplating music : source readings in the aesthetics of music. Vol. 1, Substance
Philosopher at the keyboard : Glenn Gould
Musical elaborations
Contemplating music : source readings in the aesthetics of music. Vol. 3, Essence
The artful universe
