http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2969 pop music
pop music
Moto Boy
Songs from Northern Finland
Delicious We
City of Seasons
Father Simon
Through the night
The final
Cassis & the Sympathies
Rehearsal/live recordings
Town beyond the trees
The age of consent
Thunder comes / Away EP
Hello Atlantic
Coming in for the kill
The use of irony in music is just beginning to be defined and critiqued, although it has been used, implied and decried by composers, performers, listeners and critics for centuries. Irony in popular music is especially worthy of study because it is pervasive, even fundamental to the music, the business of making music and the politics of messaging. Contributors to this collection address a variety of musical ironies found in the 'notes themselves,' in the text or subtext, and through performance, reception and criticism. The chapters explore the linkages between irony and the comic, the tragic, the remembered, the forgotten, the co-opted, and the resistant. From the nineteenth to twenty-first centuries, through America, Europe and Asia, this provocative range of ironies course through issues of race, religion, class, the political left and right, country, punk, hip hop, folk, rock, easy listening, opera and the technologies that make possible our pop music experience. This interdisciplinary volume creates new methodologies and applies existing theories of irony to musical works that have made a cultural or political impact through the use of this most multifaceted of devices.
Life in cartoon motion ; The boy who knew too much
Gilgamesh
Jason Castro
I'll never write my memoirs
Larry Neil
Jerry Lindqvist
1001 amazing facts about the best bands : unofficial & unauthorised. Volume 1.
Overexposed
Sensing a touch of love
This is the sound of irony : music, politics and popular culture
Leading Motive
Good vibrations
Back to see this place
The very best of Bonnie Tyler : holding out for a hero
Foot of the mountain ; Analogue
Closeups John Close
Nothing to lose
Greatest hits
When they were boys : the true story of the Beatles' rise to the top
Careless whispers : the life & career of George Michael
Flying colours
Close enough
Bon Jouni
Lack of Quest
Samantha Fox
Liberation
The definitive pop collection
The riddle
The last summer
The green light
Eva on the Western Castle Island
Criminal heaven
Walk away Renée/Pretty ballerina
Coming in for the kill : Piano, vocal, guitar
Infected Chorus
Loved me back to life
HiJack
Chest
All that turns
The Justin Bieber quiz book : 100 questions on the pop star
Hangin' tough
Guitar player : e-lehti
Tarzan boy : the world of Baltimora
Finnkampen - Finland's envy for swedish pop music success in the 1990s
Unchained
All About Anthon
Where new lights shine
Sofa Pets
The northern religion of things
CandyGirl
Where the wild oceans end
The reminder : piano, vocal, guitar
101 amazing Justin Bieber facts
Perfectionist
Everything
Here comes a city
Surf's up
...and leave something of the happiness..
Jeans for Onassis
Esther
MJ : the genius of Michael Jackson
Running in the family
Earth vs. The Pipettes
All will be quiet
Boys in the trees : a memoir
Asta Share
Drive-by
Arthur's Landing
June
The boys
Bags of ohoy
The Left Banke Too
Half Day Nation
Infant's heart
Towards pop chord space : harmonic hierarchy in popular music
Vocal pedagogy and contemporary commercial music : reflections on higher education non-classical vocal pedagogy in the United States and Finland
Learning English is fun! : incidental vocabulary acquisition of music and traditional class ninth graders via listening to pop songs
LOAD (Love Addiction)
Are you a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer, One Direction, The Vamps and other similar bands? Do you want to know all the inside info on your favourite music acts, from how they first got together to their relationships, likes, dislikes and interesting facts previously known only to those closest to the bands themselves? If so, then this is the book for you. Containing one hundred facts on each band (plus one final bonus fact on 5SOS) this book will make you the master of all rock and pop knowledge! So whether it’s Harry Styles and his mates, Luke Hemmings & co, Brad Simpson and friends or any of the other seven groups featured, this is the perfect book for you!
Live at Red Rocks
Adulthood
The Journey
Girl talk : with bonus tracks
"Never fall into silence" : rock artists' politically persuasive messages
Broken thought
To the so called "the Guilties"
Old demo recordings
Please please me : sixties British pop, inside out
How I knew her
Drawing down the moon
HeadHeartHands
Teaser and the Firecat
Law Of Three
Made of bricks ; My best friend is you
Understanding popular music
The Tom Jones quiz book : 100 questions on the singing legend
Sexmix : archive tapes and studio adventures. Volume one
The works
The One Direction story
Bohemian Club
Beverly girls
31 minutes to takeoff
The collection
Colory
