http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2968 reggae music
reggae music
100% dynamite! : ska, soul, rocksteady & funk in Jamaica
Lee 'Scratch' Perry : Kiss me neck
Caribbean popular music : an encyclopedia of reggae, mento, ska, rock steady, and dancehall
Bob Marley : soul survivor : the stories behind every song
Pressure drop : the best of Toots and The Maytals
The best of Black Uhuru : Guess who's coming to dinner
A new chapter of dub
Science fiction dancehall classics
Jamaican explosion!: Mojo presents 15 ska and bluebeat classics from the birth of reggae
No woman no cry : my life with Bob Marley
Police and thieves
Time and memory in reggae music : the politics of hope
The half that's never been told : the real-life reggae adventures of Doctor Dread
Reggae explosion : The story of jamaican music
Truths and rights
Journey
Wolverhampton
Exodus : Bob Marley & The Wailers : exile 1977
Rebel music : race, empire and the new Muslim youth culture
The reggae power
Punk! Hardcore! Reggae! PMA! Bad Brains!
Rock firm
The living fire
Natty with a cause
My fairy tales
International herb
No war on earth
Babylon nightmare
Bob Marley : conquering lion of reggae
Stir it up! : Reggae Album Cover Art
Wailing blues : the story of Bob Marley's Wailers
Return of Pipecock Jackxon
King of kings
Essential roots anthology
Before the legend :  the rise of Bob Marley
Life is a stage
Exodus : 30th Anniversary edition
Rejected stone
Rude boy : once upon a time in Jamaica
Heart of the Congos
The encyclopedia of reggae : the golden age of roots reggae
Still Screaming ; This side up
Born dead with life
Steppin' Razor : the life of Peter Tosh
No nuclear war
Earth's rightful ruler
Mojo 1000 : the ultimate CD buyers guide to rock, pop, soul, jazz, soundtracks & more
Live in dub ; The Victor Rice remixes
The best of Aswad
King Tubby meets rockers uptown / King Tubby
Rasta and resistance : from Marcus Garvey to Walter Rodney
The teacher’s back
The best of Sly and Robbie : hot you hot
Gideon boot
Reggae soundsystem : original reggae album cover art
Majestic warriors
Blackheart man
The strong one
From August Town
The big acoustic guitar chord songbook
Sacred fire EP
Kushites come again
Many rivers to cross : The Best of Jimmy Cliff
On the basis of a body of reggae songs from the 1970s and late 1990s, this book offers a sociological analysis of memory, hope and redemption in reggae music. From Dennis Brown to Sizzla, the way in which reggae music constructs a musical, religious and socio-political memory in rupture with dominant models is vividly illustrated by the lyrics themselves. How is the past remembered in the present? How does remembering the past allow for imagining the future? How does collective memory participate into the historical grounding of collective identity? What is the relationship between tradition and revolution, between the recollection of the past and the imagination of the future, between passivity and action? Ultimately, this case study of memory at work opens up on a theoretical problem: the conceptualization of time and its relationship with memory.
Natty will fly again
The Voices of Azania from Cape Town: Rastafarian Reggae Music's claim to Autochthonous African belonging
Catch a fire : the life of Bob Marley
Never played a 45
Chill out
Black by design : a 2-tone memoir
Celebration
JUMPING NYAHBINGHI YOUTHS: LOCAL ARTICULATIONS OF ROOTS REGGAE MUSIC IN A RASTAFARIAN DANCEHALL IN CAPE TOWN
The winner : the roots of Gregory Isaacs
Book of Job
Marley : the illustrated legend 1945-1981
Bob Marley : an intimate portrait by his mother
The best of UB40 : volumes 1 & 2
Reggae, rasta, revolution : Jamaican music from ska to dub
Reggae : from mento to dancehall : music, history, artistes, producers, discography
Every little thing gonna be alright : the Bob Marley reader
Free for all
Early collection
Wolf & leopards
Happiness : the best of Michael Rose
Most wanted
The Rastafarian movement has experienced fast growth during recent years in South Africa and especially in the province of Western Cape. This article examines this process through an ethnographic account of a weekly reggae dancehall event held by the Rastafarian Marcus Garvey community in the township of Philippi in Cape Town. During the course of three months of fieldwork the author investigated how recorded Jamaican dancehall music is used in the community and how it is articulated to different Rastafarian identifications within the dancehall space. Several scholars of Rastafari have suggested that contemporary Jamaican dancehall music has had theological impact on the Rastafarian movement, particularly outside of the Caribbean. The article provides an empirical contribution to these discussions by demonstrating that Rastafarians in the Marcus Garvey community have made significant innovations both theologically and musically in relation to their Jamaican counterparts, reorienting contemporary Jamaican popular music as a spiritual practice linked to religious purity norms informed by an international Rastafarian organization, the Nyabinghi Order. As a result Jamaican dancehall music is taking a central position in various moral negotiations within the Marcus Garvey community.
Dubbing in a Africa
Torch of freedom
Jah is my navigator
Adsom : A divine state of mind
Flowers in the desert
Bob Marley and the golden age of reggae 1975-1976 : the photographs of Kim Gottlieb-Walker
Coming home
Jacob Miller lives on
Journey to Addis
Bob Marley : songs of freedom
Tighten up! : the history of reggae in the UK
With words of wisdom
Reggae wisdom : proverbs in Jamaican music
Live at Montreux 2002
Lion songs : Thomas Mapfumo and the music that made Zimbabwe
All time top 1000 albums
Escape from Babylon to the kingdom of Zion
Impressions of Leroy Smart
Sounds like London : 100 years of black music in the capital
Reggae island : Jamaican music in the digital age
The life of Peter Tosh : steppin' razor
True reflections... a new beginning
Dub of doom
Book of life
Bob Marley : the complete guide to his music
The book of Exodus : the making & meaning of Bob Marley & The Wailers' album of the century
Judge not
Sings Studio One and more
Memories by the score
The best of Aswad : don't turn around
Don't cut off your dreadlocks
Rasta got soul
Bob Marley : reggae king of the world
The anthology
The chord songbook : Bob Marley
Twentyfourseven
Dance on the corner
The best of the Wailers
Black woman & child
Culture and Don Carlos
Revolutionary dream
Princess gone : ...The saga bed
Culture clash : dread meets punk rockers
People funny boy : [the genius of Lee "Scratch" Perry]
Another intensity
Private beach party
I & I : the natural mystics : Marley, Tosh and Wailer
Bob Marley : his musical legacy
Righteous are the conqueror
People funny boy : [the genius of Lee 'Scratch' Perry]
