http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2966 sheet music publications
sheet music publications
Miniature masterpieces : for violin and piano : 24 compositions in the first position. 1
The tomb at Akr Caar : For mixed chorus
Oriental beat
Popular choral concert
Mihklist Peetrisse : Kandle- ehk klaveripalu eesti rahvakalendri tähtpäevadeks = Pieces for zither or piano for the holydays of Estonian national calender = Stüke für Kannel oder Piano zu den Festtagen des estnischen Volkkalenders
Alte Meister für junge Spieler : leichte klassische Stücke : Violine und Piano = Old masters for young players : easy klassical pieces = Vieux maîtres pour la jeunesse : pièces classiques faciles. 2
Music : early books, manuscripts, portraits and autographs
Liszt Ferenc hagyatéka a budapesti Zeneművészeti Főiskolán = Franz Liszt's estate at the Budapest Academy of Music. 2, Zeneművek = Music
The early years
Beatles complete
Flowers preach
To His Highness Salvador D : arrangement for violin, vibraphone and guitar
Piano light : soft ballads : 10 leichte Arrangements
Roždestvo i Novyi god : pesennik s audiopriloženijem na CD = Christmas and New Year : songbook, audio supplement on CD
Musical pursuits : selected essays
Modaalsed etüüdid : Modal Études : nais- või lastekoorile, for female or children choir : a cappella
Classic Jerome Kern
The dissemination of music : studies in the history of music publishing
Peter and the wolf : a suite of easy piano pieces based on the musical tale for children
Five negro spirituals : For male choir, flute and guitar
Birds in the morning : for flute and orchestra
House of soul, house of blues [Nuottijulkaisu]
Nelikätisiä pianosävellyksiä lapsille = Easy pianopieces for four hands
Historical anthology of music. [1], Oriental, medieval and Renaissance music
Jazz : exercises and pieces : for the young jazz pianist. 2
International standard. 21449, Content delivery and rights management : functional requirements for identifiers and descriptors for use in the music, film, video, sound recording and publishing industries = Mise à dispositon de contenus et gestion de droits : spécifications fonctionelles des identificateurs et descripteurs à l'usage des industries musicales, cinématographiques, vidégraphiques, phonographiques et de l'édition
Antiphones : For female and male voices or choir
Kuun kasvot : Laulusarja sekakuorolle Pentti Saarikosken runoihin = The face of moon : Song cycle for mixed choir
The new real book : jazz classics, choice standards, pop-fusion classics : created by musicians - for musicians
The Brahms-Keller correspondence
Simply big note. 2, Second piano book
Popular songs for classical guitar
Alte Meister für junge Spieler : leichte klassische Stücke : Violine und Piano = Old masters for young players : easy klassical pieces = Vieux maîtres pour la jeunesse : pièces classiques faciles. 3
1981 : From: Two pieces from the year 1981 : for Piano = Aus: Zwei Stücke aus dem Jahre 1981 : Für Piano
150 of the most beautiful songs ever
Sugestioonid klaverile = Suggestions for Piano
Eesti heliloojate klaveripalu = Piano pieces by Estonian composers. 1.
It's Easy to Play Blues
It's easy to play the fifties
Album of popular songs
Poema krasoty = Ilupoeem = The Poem of Beauty
Heavy metal bass lines
Two extracts from the songs of Solomon : For mixed chorus
Who made who
The Smiths
Music philology : an introduction to musical textual criticism, hermeneutics, and editorial technique
Tielman Susato and the music of his time : print culture, compositional technique and instrumental music in the Renaissance
Fifteen children's pieces : op. 27 : for piano
Traditional Inuit songs from the Thule area
Balalaika music for everyone. Vol. 1, Basic manual, solo, orchestra, balalaika, domra
Music, print and culture in early sixteenth-century Italy
The Great Big Book Of Children's Songs : Piano/Keyboard
The Chick Corea Elektric Band
Classic piano rags : complete original music for 81 rags
Instrumental music printed before 1600 : a bibliography
Pärismaalased : Valik Läänemere idakalda põlisrahvalaulude kooriseadeid = Aborigines : Selection of choral arrangements of folk songs indigenous to the eastern shores of the Baltic
The Joy of First Classics
Three classic madrigals for mixed chorus
Jazz : exercises and pieces for the young jazz pianist. 1
Simply big note. 1, First piano book
Let us have music for flute : thirty-two famous melodies with piano accompaniment
Historical anthology of music. [2], Baroque, Rococo, and pre-classical music
A Basic Music Library : Essential scores and books
Jazz : exercises and pieces : for the young jazz pianist. 1
The Heart of country
A descriptive catalogue of early editions of the works of Frédéric Chopin in the University of Chicago Library
A Christmas recital : for piano
Early music editing : principles, historiography, future directions
The Elusive light and sound. Vol. 1
Great Rock Classics
Not of this earth
Every song..
Songs that children sing
Amazing solos for violin and keyboard
Tuulta purjeissa : merimieslauluja : lauluja Kotkan merimieslaulufestivaaleilta vuosilta 1980-1987 = sjömanssånger : sånger från sjömanssångfestivalerna i Kotka åren 1980-1987 = sailors' songs : songs from the Kotka festivals of sailors' songs in 1980-1987
Under Mount Saint Elias : the history and culture of the Yakutat Tlingit. Pt. 3
Jazz : exercises and pieces : for the young jazz pianist. 3
The best of Modern Drummer. Volume II
THE SOFT ROCK COLLECTION. 2.
Arhiivkogu Rahvusraamatukogus : Eesti kultuuripärandi hoidja = Eesti kultuuripärandi hoidja = Archival collection in the National Library of Estonia : cherishing Estonian cultural heritage
Wedding Music for Solo Violin
Seitsemän preludia pianolle = Seven preludes for piano : Op. 7.
On jossakin = Somewhere, my love : (Lara's theme from Doctor Zhivago)
The British union-catalogue of early music printed before the year 1801 : a record of the holdings of over one hundred libraries throughout the British Isles
Klaveripalu lastele = Piano pieces for children = Klavierstücke für Kinder
Growing with music. Book 4
Primavere portena = for violin, violoncello and piano
The music of the ballads / ed. by Jan Philip Schinhan
Woodwind ensemble music guide
Läti burdoonlaulud : Tsükkel segakoorile = Latvies̆u burdona dziesmas = Cikls jauktam korim = Latvian Bourdon songs = Cycle for mixed chorus
On the publishing and dissemination of music, 1500-1850
British harpsichord music. Volume 1, Sources
The Norton scores : a study antholog. Volume 2, Schubert to the present
Talven yli = Winter world of love
Gyermekdalok európából : 46 négykezes zongoradarab kezdöknek = Kinderlieder aus Europa : 46 Klavierstücke für Anfänger zu vier Händen = Children's songs from Europe : 46 pieces for Piano duet for beginners
3 sonatas for flute & piano
Charlie Parker omnibook : for E flat instruments
Tyttöjen kävely ruusulehdossa jousiorkesterille = Floral view with maidens singing for string orchestra : opus 47
Charlie Parker omnibook : for C instruments (treble clef), transcribed from his recorded solos, transposed to concert key
Meestelaulud : 10 eesti rahvalaulu meeskoorile = Menʼs songs = 10 Estonian folksongs for menʼs chorus
Swingtime favourites
Beatlestudies. 2, History, identity, authenticity
The best of new wave rock
Wit and mirth, or, Pills to purge melancholy
Brazilian songs of worship
Musica sacra : Kuus vaimulikku laulu orkestrile : Six religious songs for the orchestra : Sechs geistliche Gesänge für Orchester : Partituur in C
Viuluviikarit, selloviikarit : ohjelmistoa pienille viulisteille tai sellisteille = Violin rascals, cello rascals : easy concert pieces for young violinists or cellists. 5
Il clavicembalo nella musica contemporanea italiana : catalogo e ricerca = The contemporary Italian harpsichord music : catalog and research
The complete piano player : duets
Encyclopedia of country music
Songs of the Rolling Stones
Klaverimuusika = Works for piano solo
The bumper book of pop hits : 50 all time chart favourites : piano/vocal/guitar
Alte Meister für junge Spieler : leichte klassische Stücke : Violine und Piano = Old masters for young players : easy klassical pieces = Vieux maîtres pour la jeunesse : pièces classiques faciles. 1
Library of Congress classification. M, Music
Happiness is ... a good transcription : shortcomings in the sheet music publications in the music of the Beatles (1967-68)
English music printing 1553-1700
String quartet no. 1, 1952 : score
Nineteen sonatas for the piano
The Beatles complete
Hope is
Chaconne : For mixed chorus, trombone and double bass
The groups
One finnished, swedish moment
Ikonit = Icons : Op. 6 : Sarja pianolle : Suite for piano
Five negro spirituals : for male choir, flute and guitar
Seven and the ragged tiger
Kolm impressiooni segakoorile = Three impressions for mixed choir
Estonian orchestral music 1896-2004
Lauliku lapsepöli = The songster's childhood from the cycle "Songs of singing and the songster" for women's chorus and soloists
Pieces for percussion
Ammuin hänet = Today I killed a man I didn't know
Top hits of 1984.
Tähistaevatsükkel lastele : Starry Sky Cycle for Children : Kassiopeia : Jõulutäht kapella
