http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2963 information need
information need
Marketing communications improvement based on organizational customers' information needs : case Helsinki Airport Congress Center
Library problems in the humanities : case studies in reference services, collection building, and management
Outsmart! : how to do what your competitors can't
Information needs analysis : principles and practice in information organizations
Aimed at information and communication professionals, scholars and students, Google and the Digital Divide: The Biases of Online Knowledge provides insight into the significant role that search engines play in growing the digital divide between individuals, organizations, and states. With a specific focus on Google, author Elad Segev explains the concept of the digital divide and the effects that today's online environment has on knowledge bias, power, and control ... Segev compares the popular search queries in Google and Yahoo in the United States and other countries and analyzes the various biases in Google News and Google Earth. Google and the Digital Divide shows the many ways in which users manipulate Google's information across different countries, as well as dataset and classification systems, economic and political value indexes, specific search indexes, locality of use indexes, and much more. Segev presents new social and political perspectives to illustrate the challenges brought about by search engines, and explains the resultant political, communicative, commercial, and international implications.
Survey of library and information manpower needs in the Caribbean
Research on Main Street : using the Web to find local business and market information
Information culture and business performance
Knowledge interplay : user-oriented research dissemination through synthesis pedagogics
Accessing and browsing information and communication
Information needs of lawyers : a case study evaluating the information needs of lawyers in a major City law
Know it all, find it fast : an A-Z source guide for the enquiry desk
Information in 1985 : a forecasting study of information needs and resources
Value based design of information for strategic decision making : the case of milk farms' converting to organic production
The economic geography of innovation
Proceedings, CoLIS 2, Second International Conference on Conceptions of Library and Information Science : integration in perspective, October 13-16, 1996
Managing knowledge : building blocks for success
Collaborative information seeking : the art and science of making the whole greater than the sum of all
Nursing Informatics : where caring and technology meet
Citizenship information
Cancer patients' participation in decision-making about treatment and nursing care
Health and lifestyle : Icelanders' everyday life information behaviour
The information and training needs of private forest owners in Estonia
Crisis information management : communication and technologies
Abstract: The need for information of a newcomer nurse at an outpatient policlinic.
Information seeking and interest in the paranormal : towards a process model of information action
Doing things with information : beyond indexing and abstracting
Information architecture for information professionals
Curiosity and learning
Information skills of young people : results of user needs analysis in the VERITY project
Introduction to information behaviour
Finding and knowing : psychology, information and computers
Forestry GIS : the next step : proceedings from the Geographic Information Systems Conference March 9-11 1988.
New directions in human information behavior
Identifying and analyzing user needs : a complete handbook and ready-to-use assessment workbook with disk
Knowledge sharing in practice
Interactive information retrieval in digital environments
Information needs in the humanities : an assessment
Stakeholder perceptions of climate change and the need to adapt
Rural development communication in Namibia : an Owambo case study
Information needs in the social sciences : an assessment
Super searchers in the news : the online secrets of journalists and news researchers
Curiosity has been seen through the ages as the impulse that drives our knowledge forward and the temptation that leads us toward dangerous and forbidden waters. The question "Why?" has appeared under a multiplicity of guises and in vastly different contexts throughout the chapters of human history. Why does evil exist? What is beauty? How does language inform us? What defines our identity? What is our responsibility to the world? In this book, Alberto Manguel's most personal work to date, the author tracks his own life of curiosity through the books that have mapped his way. Manguel chooses as his guides a selection of writers who sparked his imagination in new directions. He dedicates each chapter to a single thinker, scientist, artist, or other figure who demonstrated in a fresh way how to ask "Why?" Leading us through a full gallery of inquisitives, among them Thomas Aquinas, David Hume, Lewis Carroll, Rachel Carson, Socrates, and, most importantly, Dante, Manguel affirms how deeply connected our curiosity is to the readings that most astonish us, and how essential to the soaring of our own imaginations.
City - way of life - social functions of mass communication : report of the fourth Finnish-Soviet seminar
Information seeking in context : proceedings of an International conference on research in information needs, seeking and use in different contexts, 14-16 August, 1996, Tampere, Finland
Theories of information behavior
Introducing information management : an information research reader
Communication of complex information : user goals and information needs for dynamic Web information
Informed cities : making research work for local sustainability
Information needs of national defence
Information services today : an introduction
Key papers in information science
Assessing information needs : tools and techniques
Forest certification in Finland; Metsä-Serla AG, Zürich -evaluation of the level and need of knowledge
Case studies in human information behaviour in smart urban spaces
Making visitors mindful : principles for creating quality sustainable visitor experiences through effective communication
Outsmarting the competition : practical approaches to finding and outsmarting the competition
"Presents the highlights of a 1998-2000 IMLS National Leadership Grant, 'Help-seeking in an electronic world: the role of the public library in helping citizens obtain community information over the Internet'"-- p. ii.
Information needs in the sciences : an assessment
The information audit : a practical guide
Online community information : creating a nexus at your library
The SST method schema : a tool for analysing work task-based web information search processes
The new review of information behaviour research : studies of information seeking in context. 1
Knowledge needs and information extraction : towards an artificial consciousness
Internal demand for accounting information : a survey and some observations in Sweden
Study of exchange of confidential information agreements and treaties between the US and member states of the EU in areas of securities, criminal, tax and customs
Mobile solutions in the work of chief union representatives
The new review of information behaviour research : studies of information seeking in context. 2
On the need and retrieval of additional information in special language translation
Information entrepreneurship : information services based on the information lifecycle
Conducting the reference interview : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
International conference on Japanese information in science, technology and commerce : University of Warwick, 1-4 September, 1987 : preprints
Fifty years of information progress : a journal of documentation review
Unbound Prometheus and the fire of knowledge : a study for better flow of more meaningful information
Immediate decision-making and information needs in intensive care coordination
Looking for information : a survey of research on information seeking, needs, and behavior
Information need : a theory connecting information search to knowledge formation
Information about radiation dose and risks in connection with radiological examinations : what patients would like to know
Task complexity, information types and information sources : examination of relationships
Value of complete information on red heartwood formation in beech (Fagus sylvatica)
Library users and reference services
Curious : the desire to know & why your future depends on it
Modern information retrieval : the concepts and technology behind search
The knowing work practice as situational creation of meaning : a study to facilitate the communication of knowledge
International information on European forest sector : state, challenges, opportunities
"What are these antidepressants doing to me?" :
Liminality informatics : an information perspective on ritual activity
The changing context of information : an introductory analysis
Task complexity affects information seeking and use
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 1, Practical guide
English summary: The use of an Intranet for information seeking and communication: scrutinizing the effects of individual and contextual factors.
Social sciences in transition : social science information needs and provision in a changing Europe : proceedings of a European conference in Berlin, November 11th - 13th, 1994
Google and the digital divide : the bias of online knowledge
Information users and usability in the digital age
Small sawmills as enterprises : a behavioral investigation of development potential
Mediating health information : the go-betweens in a changing socio-technical landscape
Analysis of the questionnaire on environmental awareness in the Baltic Sea : analysis of the answers received to the questionnaire targeted on several key expert groups within the 14 countries of the Baltic Sea catchment area
Information literacy : recognising the need
Health education : patients' learning needs after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery
Forest inventory information needs in Northwest Russia
Exploring the contexts of information behaviour : proceedings of the second International Conference on Research in Information Needs, Seeking and Use in Different Contexts, 13-15 August 1998, Sheffield, UK
Theories of the middle range
Humanities information : cultural heritage and humanities research : problems and possibilities in the light of new technology
Mobile minds : survey of foreign PhD students and researchers in Finland
Objectives  To find out patients' wishes for the content and sources of the information concerning radiological procedures.  Methods  A questionnaire providing quantitative and qualitative data was prepared. It comprised general information, dose and risks of radiation, and source of information. Two tables demonstrating different options to indicate the dose or risks were also provided. Patients could give one or many votes. Altogether, 147 patients (18–85 years) were interviewed after different radiological examinations using these devices.  Results  95 % (139/147) of the patients wished for dose and risk information. Symbols (78/182 votes) and verbal scale (56/182) were preferred to reveal the dose, while verbal (83/164) and numerical scale (55/164) on the risk of fatal cancer were preferred to indicate the risks. Wishes concerning the course, options and purpose of the examination were also expressed. Prescriber (3.9 on a scale 1–5), information letter (3.8) and radiographer (3.3) were the preferred sources. Patients aged 66–85 years were reluctant to choose electronic channels.  Conclusions  Apart from general information, patients wish for dose and risk information in connection with radiological examinations. The majority preferred symbols to indicate dose and verbal scales to indicate risks, and the preferred source of information was the prescriber or information letter.  Key points          95 % of patients expect information on the dose and risks of radiation.        Symbols and verbal scale are preferred to indicate the dose.        Verbal and numerical scales are preferred to indicate fatal cancer risk.        Patients expect information on course, options and purpose of examination.        Prescriber, information letter and radiographer are popular sources of the overall information.
Assessing information needs : tools, techniques and concepts for the Internet Age
Information retrieval interaction
Armed for action : library response to citizen information needs
Information services for innovative organizations
