http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2975 cross-cultural research
cross-cultural research
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Arts contact points between cultures : 1st International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference : post-conference book
Communicating with strangers : an approach to intercultural communication
Culture and human development : the importance of cross-cultural research for the social sciences
Youth in the 1980s
Hand gestures in joke telling : a cross-cultural study with Finnish and Sicilian subjects
World cultures : journal of comparative and cross-cultural research
Children's games from around the world
Translation of international logos
Black and white styles in conflict
Intercultural teaching and learning : English as a foreign language education in Finland and Japan
Journal of cross-cultural psychology
Memories and visions of paradise : exploring the universal myth of a lost golden age
Finland, cultural lone wolf
Magic, witchcraft, and curing
Abstract.
Nonkilling Korea : six culture exploration
Intercultural communication : an advanced resource book
Law in culture and society
Gender and anthropology : critical reviews for research and teaching
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Language shock : understanding the culture conversation
Human behavior in global perspective : an introduction to cross-cultural psychology
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
Coping with the final tragedy : cultural variation in dying and grieving
Asian contributions to cross-cultural psychology
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
Kamome Diner : cultural translation and the dialectics of otherness
Folk law : essays in the theory and practice of Lex non scripta
The image of Finland as a culturally and ethnically homogeneous nation is erroneous. The country's "old minorities" include the Swedish-speakers, the indigenous Sami, and the Romani. Several smaller ethno-cultural and religious groups have resided in Finland since the nineteenth century. Increasing immigration is now further diversifying Finland. Many of the old and new minorities have clearly-defined regional hearths, as do many distinctive segments of the majority culture. This article provides an overview of Finland's three largest minorities, religions, foodways, the new immigration, and the recent English-language sources available on these topics. The discussion emphasizes the new understanding of the country's ethno-cultural make-up and political, legal, and social challenges that have followed the recent change.
Toward explaining human culture : a critical review of the findings of worldwide cross-cultural research
Cultural diversity in Finland
Beyond the second sex : new directions in the anthropology of gender
Studies in cross-cultural psychology. 1
Female desires : same-sex relations and transgender practices across cultures
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Transitions and transformations : cultural perspectives on aging and the life course
Taste this! : an anthropological examination of food
Women in the material world
Same sex, different cultures : exploring gay and lesbian lives
Studying personality cross-culturally
Menopause and culture
Women cross-culturally : change and challenge
How to understand cognitive differences from a cross-cultural perspective?
Transnational families in the making : the Polish experience of living between Poland and Finland during and after the Cold War
Let's talk about "us" : a reflexive account of a cross-cultural research collaboration
Cultural pluralism and psychoanalysis : the Asian and North American experience
Childhood socialization
The ways of friendship : anthropological perspectives
Attitudes towards suicide among Master's degree students : a cross-cultural comparison between China and Finland
Dynamics of intercultural communication
Blood will out : essays on liquid transfers and flows
Politics of the secret
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
Encyclopedia of sex and gender : men and women in the world's cultures
The cockfight : a casebook
Handbook of research on cross-cultural approaches to language and literacy development
Children of culture
Rites and relationships : rites of passage and contemporary anthropology
Governance in immigrant family businesses : enterprise, ethnicity and family dynamics
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
Imagining the other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
The dialogic emergence of culture
Leadership in early childhood education : cross-cultural perspectives
The curriculum : a comparative perspective
International proverb scholarship : an annotated bibliography. Supplement 2, (1982-1991)
Socialization and communication in primary groups
The Routledge Handbook of Immigration and Refugee Studies offers a comprehensive and unique study of the multi-disciplinary field of international migration and asylum studies. Utilising contemporary information and analysis, this innovative Handbook provides an in depth examination of legal migration management in the labour market and its affect upon families in relation to wider issues of migrant integration and citizenship. With a comprehensive collection of essays written by leading contributors from a broad range of disciplines including sociology of migration, human geography, legal studies, political sciences and economics, the Handbook is a truly multi-disciplinary book approaching the critical questions of: * Migration and the labour market * Integration and citizenship * Migration, families and welfare * Irregular migration * smuggling and trafficking in human beings * asylum and forced migration. Organised into short thematic and geographical chapters the Routledge Handbook of Immigration and Refugee Studies provides a concise overview on the different topics and world regions, as well as useful guidance for both the starting and the more experienced reader. The Handbook's expansive content and illustrative style will appeal to both students and professionals studying in the field of migration and international organisations.
The analysis of subjective culture
Constructive conflict management : Asia-Pacific cases
Cross-Cultural Psychology is a leading textbook offering senior undergraduate and graduate students a thorough and balanced overview of the whole field of cross-cultural psychology. The team of internationally acclaimed authors present the latest empirical research, theory, methodology and applications from around the world. They discuss all domains of behavior (including development, social behavior, personality, cognition, psycholinguistics, emotion and perception), and present the three main approaches in cross-cultural psychology (cultural, culture-comparative, and indigenous traditions) as well as applications to a number of domains (including acculturation, intercultural relations and communication, work and health). With new additions to the writing team, the third edition benefits from an even broader range of cross-cultural perspectives. Now in 2-colour, the format is even more reader-friendly and the features include chapter outlines, chapter summaries, further reading and an updated glossary of key terms. This edition also offers an accompanying website containing additional material and weblinks.
Mediating a foreign culture: the United States and Germany
Cross-cultural psychology : research and applications
Hunter-gatherer childhoods : evolutionary, developmental & cultural perspectives
Translation and multiculturalism
States, nations and cultures : Spinoza lecture 1: liberal nationalism : Spinoza lecture 2: multicultural citizenship
Worlds of knowing : global feminist epistemologies
Finding a right way to communicate : evaluation of communication practices in a multicultural project
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Boxing and society : an international analysis
Dealing with problems in intercultural communication : a study of negotiation of meaning in native-nonnative speaker interaction
Born to be polite? : politeness strategies in intercultural encounters
Old worlds, new worlds : European cultural encounters, c. 1000-c. 1750
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
Methods for intercultural communication research
The return to hospitality : strangers, guests, and ambiguous encounters
With rapid technological and cultural advancements, the 21st century has witnessed the wide scale development of transnationalist economies, which has led to the concurrent evolution of language and literacy studies, expanding cross-cultural approaches to literacy and communication. Current language education applies new technologies and multiple modes of text to a diverse range of cultural contexts, enhancing the classroom experience for multi-lingual learners. The Handbook of Research on Cross-Cultural Approaches to Language and Literacy Development provides an authoritative exploration of cross-cultural approaches to language learning through extensive research that illuminates the theoretical frameworks behind multicultural pedagogy and its myriad applications for a globalized society. With its comprehensive coverage of transnational case studies, trends in literacy teaching, and emerging instructive technologies, this handbook is an essential reference source for K-20 educators, administrators in school districts, English as a Second Language (ESL) teachers, and researchers in the field of Second Language Acquisition (SLA). This diverse publication features comprehensive and accessible articles on the latest instructional pedagogies and strategies, current empirical research on cross-cultural language development, and the unique challenges faced by teachers, researchers, and policymakers who promote cross-cultural perspectives.
Vampires unstaked : national images, stereotypes and myths in East Central Europe : proceedings of the colloquium, Amsterdam, 18-20 May 1994
Change and diversity in a Kgalagadi village, Botswana
Social scaling and children's graphic strategies : a comparative study of children's drawings in three cultures
Quality assessment, usability and meaning-based translation of labels of foodstuffs imported into Finland
Perception of melodic complexity: a cross-cultural investigation
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
Social psychology : exploring universals across cultures
Understanding management customs across cultures : a comparative study of Finland and Poland
Across cultures : the spectrum of women's lives
Evelyn Blackwood and Saskia Wieringa have compiled thirteen essays from a group of historians, sociologists, and anthropologists who discuss same-sex desire among women outside the West, exploring female eroticism in such societies and cultures as India, Polynesia, Latin America, Native North America, and southern Africa.Female Desires offers compelling evidence against the commonly accepted notion that non-Western women are generally passive victims of male domination and compulsory heterosexuality. It also dispells the idea that same-sex female desire is rooted in Western neo-imperialist culture: contributors show non-Western women to be active agents of their own sexual identities. Essays include Giti Thadani on lesbian desire in ancient and modern India, Saskia Wieringa on butch-femme social types in Indonesia and Peru, and Norma Mogrovejo on the lesbian movement in Mexico.In a larger sense, the essays attempt to look past the ethnocentric categories in which sexuality, identity, and culture are often considered.
Routledge handbook of immigration and refugee studies
Disputes and negotiations : a cross-cultural perspective
Storytelling in contemporary societies
The cross-cultural legitimacy of human rights : prospects for research
Construction of the entrepreneurial identity in the family business context : a cross-cultural study
Childhood
They love me, love me not : a worldwide study of the effects of parental acceptance and rejection
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
The family in perspective
Beyond the Second Sex is an innovative work that challenges Simone de Beauvoir's notion that women are "the second" in every society. Anthropological inquiry into male-female relations has evolved around debates concerning sexual inequality. Based on original field research, the essays presented in this volume are not concerned with inequality per se. Rather, the authors pose ethnographic and analytical challenges in the assumptions and definitions that, in the past, have supported judgments about sexual equality and inequality. They move away from broad labels and blanket judgments in favor of addressing the conflict, contradictions, and ambiguities that are so often encountered in field research. These essays maintain that, in discussing the cultural construction and representation of gender, the "culture" that is abstracted from field data cannot be separated from a complex, ongoing, and everchanging local process. From this point of view, the editors conclude, the relationship of the sexes to each other is best discussed in terms of the conflicts, tensions, and paradoxes that are at the heart of daily life in many societies.
Habitat, economy and society : a geographical introduction to ethnology
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Multicultural teacher education. Volume 4, Guidelines for implementation
Description and comparison in cultural anthropology
Sex and psyche : gender and self viewed cross-culturally
Meanings of madness
Culture and AIDS
Cultural diversity and global media : the mediation of difference
Culture & psychopathology
Culture and curing : anthropological perspectives on traditional medical beliefs and practices
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
The aging experience : diversity and commonality across cultures
The cultural context of aging : worldwide perspectives
Dimensions : aging, culture, and health
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
Perceived social acceptability of deception as a function of culture, motive and relationship : a cross-cultural study of majority speech communities in Finland, China and the United States
Purnell's model for cultural competence in transcultural research : a literature review
Nonlinear distortion in wireless systems : modeling and simulation with MATLAB
Cross-cultural studies : selected readings
Culture and the educative process : an anthropological perspective
Images, identities and ideologies : papers from the 22nd International Ballad Conference, Belfast, 29 June - 3 July 1992
Only mothers know : patterns of infant feeding in traditional cultures
World folktales : a Scribner resource collection
Do's and taboos around the world
Despotism and differential reproduction : a Darwinian view of history
Understanding culture's influence on behavior
Cross-national research : social-psychological methods and problems
Initiation : contributions to the theme of the study-conference of the International Association for the History of Religions, held at Strasburg, September 17th to 22nd 1964
Cross-cultural case study
