http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2972 price policy
price policy
Acceptance for urban road pricing in a politico-economic framework
The optimal pricing of exports invoiced in different currencies
Are there asymmetric price responses in the Euro area?
The challenges of the Medvedev era
Managing energy risk : an integrated view on power and other energy markets
Between 2007 and 2008, the world experienced a dramatic swing in commodity prices. Eastern and Southern African countries experienced considerable difficulties due to the price food swing. The food price boom resulted in increased poverty and significant food security problems as households struggled to meet the high cost of food. The decline in exports due to weak demand, decreased foreign investment and migrant remittances, as well as high unemployment all added to the burden of already vulnerable African Countries. Policy reactions to the food price surge have been prompt in many developing countries. The key objective of this title is to discuss feasible approaches for the economic management of food price booms and slumps. As a first step to policy assessment, the paper also reviews the nature of the food price swing, analyzes its impact on both household and wider economy levels and examines the policies that have been, or are currently being implemented in Eastern and Southern Africa.--Publisher's description.
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Using illiquid option prices to recover probability distributions
Optimal hedging strategies for Swedish grain agents
Pioneering price level targeting : the Swedish experience 1931-37
Policy interaction, learning and the fiscal theory of prices
Tradeoffs between inflation and output-gap variances in an optimizing-agent model
Regulation by price or by command
Pricing and price regulation : an economic theory for public enterprises and public utilities
Role of fertilizer pricing policies and subsidies in agricultural development
Principles of macroeconomics
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Chinese energy markets : trading and risk management of commodities and renewables
Role of price policy in stimulating agricultural production in Africa
EU regulations: price controls on reimbursed medicines : the effect on international pharmaceutical business in Finland
The influence of product and price policy on the export strategy’s choice : a case study of two Italian companies in the U.S. market
Regional price formation in Eastern Europe : theory and practice of trade pricing
Yield management in small and medium-sized enterprises in the tourist industry : general report
Alcoholic beverage taxation : altenatives and impacts
Implicit interest as price discrimination in the bank deposit market
Pricing strategies : a marketing approach
Rioters and citizens : mass protest in imperial Japan
Agricultural prices, policy, and equity in Sub-Saharan Africa
Monetary policy and housing prices
The effects of the potential EC-membership on the role of forestry on Finnish farms
The economics of price discrimination
China was able to combine slow inflation with very rapid economic growth for more than a decade. Finally, in 2007 inflation started to accelerate and there are a number of factors that may increase the pressure on China's price level in the near future. Most importantly, money supply growth is expected to remain rapid due to the ballooning foreign currency inflows. In addition, according to some estimates, economic growth has accelereated above its long-term potential and also a number of structural factors are likely to push production costs up. Counterbalancing part of the rising costs, productivity growth has somewhat accelerated during recent years. With low cost levels and fastly growing exports, China is believed to have exported deflation into its trading partners in recent years. However, due to the fact that the direct impacts of globalisation on inflation in the advanced economies have been moderate, also the effect of a possible rise in China's cost leve!  l on inflation in eg euro area is expected to remain small. However, the indirect impacts on price dynamics are much more difficult to forecast.  Keywords: China, inflation, monetary policy .
Finnish food prices in the EU : final report
Predatory pricing and its context in European competition law
The theory of customs unions : a general equilibrium analysis
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
Agricultural price policy for developing countries
Possibilities of Finnish agriculture adjusting to more liberal foreign trade
Agricultural price policy : a practitioner's guide to partial-equilibrium analysis
Essays on financial liberalisation in developing countries : capital mobility, price stability, and savings
Price competition and market concentration : an experimental study
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
The strategy and tactics of pricing : a guide to growing more profitable
Effects of exchange rate and trade policies on agriculture in Pakistan
Agricultural economics and agribusiness
Storage, trade, and price policy under production instability: maize in Kenya
The Nordic borders are not alike
Who are private alcohol importers in the Nordic countries?
The fair trade revolution
A bargaining model of tax-push inflation : evidence from a Sargan approach to tax-push inflation in Finland
Practical pricing for results
Commodities and commodity derivatives : modelling and pricing for agriculturals, metals, and energy
Price rigidity : causes and macroeconomic implications
Structural adjustment and agriculture : African and Asian experiences
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
Disharmonies in EC and US agricultural policy measures
Transition and price stabilization policies in East European agriculture
Land prices in Finland : information system and price developments
The theory of price
Price policies of the CAP : retrospect and prospect
Implementation and administration of agricultural price policy in Asia
Pricing strategies
Yield management in small and medium-sized enterprises in the tourist industry : executive summary
The 2007-2008 food price swing : impact and policies in Eastern and Southern Africa
Industrial pricing : theory and evidence
Toward an explanation of national price levels
Analytical contribution accounting : the interface of cost accounting and pricing policy
Comparative advantage of agricultural production systems and its policy implications in Pakistan
Competition aspects of access pricing : report to the European Commission
On time : lectures on models of equilibrium
Selling below cost : engaged in predatory pricing?
The J-curve is a gamma-curve : initial welfare consequences of price liberalization in Eastern Europe
Economies of scale, product differentiation and market power
This Bachelor's thesis discusses the price controls on medicines that are reimbursed by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland. The main purpose of the study is to investigate the European Commission's competition rules on pharmaceuticals, the implementation of price controls in Finland and their impact on international pharmaceutical business in Finland. The topic was chosen due to the interest of the author to understand more deeply the price controls on reimbursement medicines and their effect on the pharmaceutical business. The theoretical section discusses European regulations, pharmaceutical business in general, the reimbursement system and price control of medicinal products in Finland. The empirical part deals with the research itself. The study was based on both quantitative and qualitative methods. Firstly, an internet-mediated questionnaire was sent to pharmaceutical companies producing prescription medicines. The sample size consisted of 57 companies representing initial and generics producers but also parallel trade. Five questionnaires were returned, which resulted in a response rate of 9 percent. The results were analysed by Microsoft Excel. Secondly, secondary data was used to support the findings of primary data. It was collected mainly from the data sources of Pharma Industry Finland.The study shows that the impact of price controls have been both negative and positive depending on the business type of the pharmaceutical companies. Nevertheless, all parties, including the Pharmaceutical Pricing Board itself, want changes to the present price control system.The author recommends that whatever the changes will be, they should assure that Finland will not only be among the first countries to have new innovative medicines for patients to receive the best treatments, but also a place for international pharmaceutical companies to do profitable business.
The impact of domestic and international commodity price volatility on agricultural income instability : Ghana, Vietnam and Peru
The state of food insecurity in the world : how does international price volatility affect domestic economies and food security?
Peasant response to price incentives in Tanzania : a theoretical and empirical investigation
The strategy and tactics of pricing : a guide to profitable decision making
The demand for public storage of wheat in Pakistan
Japan's policy of actively stimulating the economy has been dubbed Abenomics, after Shinzo Abe, who was elected as prime minister a little over a year ago. The main objective of Abenomics is to bring Japan on to a permanent growth trajectory and leave behind the prolonged deflationary spiral. The Bank of Japan has set a 2% inflation target, which it supports with a monetary policy of zero interest rates and quantitative easing. Both recorded inflation and consumers' and market inflation expectations have firmed up in recent months. It is, however, unclear to what extent the current performance of the Japanese economy is a consequence of the policies pursued and whether the changes will be permanent..
Imperfect competition, clubs, and two-part tariffs
Pricing : making profitable decisions
Price level targeting vs. inflation targeting : a free lunch?
Predatory pricing
Trade, aid, and policy reform : proceedings of the 8th Agriculture sector symposium
Food price policy in Asia : a comparative study
Price convergence within the EU : the case of the new member countries Austria, Finland and Sweden
Relative prices and monetary policy information variables : long run evidence from Finland
China's inflationary pressures and their impact on inflation in euro area
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
The impact of further tariff reduction on the EU sugar sector in the forthcoming multilateral round
The strategy and tactics of pricing : a guide to growing more profitably
Customer relationship marketing
Agricultural market intervention and pricing policies in Africa : expert consultation meeting, Arusha, United Republic of Tanzania
Markets, market control and marketing reform : selected papers
Rice price policy in Thailand : policy making and recent developments
Agricultural marketing strategy and pricing policy
Distribution of CAP : price support
Rice price fluctuation and an approach to price stabilization in Bangladesh
Japan's inflation expectations as a measure of the success of Abenomics
Elements of agricultural trade policies
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
The economics of imperfect competition : a spatial approach
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Price determination and prices policy
Co-operative objectives and pricing politics in the input market
Agricultural policy analysis for transition to a market-oriented economy in Viet Nam : selected issues
The pricing decision : economic theory and business practice
Market and prices : theory of consumption, market and market prices
The common wine policy and price stabilization
Strategies and tactics for family farming : Finnish-Baltic joint seminar, Riga Latvia 1991.
Acceptability of urban transport pricing
Agricultural price policies in the Near East: lessons of experience
Agricultural trade and policy modelling : model divergence and recent developments
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Energy, transportation and urban environment in Africa : the case of Rabat-Salé, Morocco
