http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2974 phenomenology of religion
phenomenology of religion religious phenomenology
How to do comparative religion? : three ways, many goals
After patriarchy : feminist transformations of the world religions
Hindu India : another approach to its multiflorous religious culture ; collected essays
The British: their religious beliefs and practices 1800-1986
On the eternal in man
Comparative religion and geography : some remarks on the geography of religion and religious geography
The evolution of religion : an anthropological study
The true New Testament : sealing the heart's covenant in al-Tabarî's Ta'rîkh al-Rusul wa'l-Mulûk
The case for religion
Religion : an anthropological view
Why revisit the phenomenology of religion?
Phenomenology and the making of the world
Revelation : Claremont Studies in Philosophy of Religion, Conference 2012
Phenomenology of religion and cognitive science: the case of religious experience
The Martin Buber reader : essential writings
An introduction to the phenomenology of religion
Phenomenology as a preliminary method
Mircea Eliade : from magic to myth
Cultivating perfection : mysticism and self-transformation in early Quanzhen Daoism
The spiritual quest : transcendence in myth, religion, and science
The rainbow : a collection of studies in the science of religion
Beyond phenomenology : rethinking the study of religion
Attitudes to nature
Comparative religion : a history
In quest of meaning : a study of the ancient Egyptian rites of consecrating the meret-chests and driving the calves
At the dawn of the twenty-first century, scientific and technological advancements, interconnected globalized economies, and even the so-called New Atheists have done nothing to change one thing: our world remains furiously religious. For good and for evil, religion is the single greatest influence in the world. We accept as self-evident that competing economic systems (capitalist or communist) or clashing political parties (Republican or Democratic) propose very different solutions to our planet's problems. So why do we pretend that the world's religious traditions are different paths to the same God? Scholar Stephen Prothero argues that it is time to replace naïve hopes of interreligious unity with deeper knowledge of religious differences. He maintains that each religion attempts to solve a different human problem, and examines each of these traditions on its own terms to create an indispensable guide for anyone who wants to better understand the big questions--From publisher description.
Phenomenology of religion as a project in cultural analysis and the "problem of universals"
Ritual masks : deceptions and revelations
The awakened ones : phenomenology of visionary experience
Problems and methods of the history of religions : proceedings of the Study Conference organized by the Italian Society for the History of Religions on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the death of Raffaele Pettazzoni, Rome, 6th to 8th December 1969
Comparing religions : possibilities and perils?
World religions and the environment
To the things themselves : essays on the discourse and practice of the phenomenology of religion
Gnostic apocalypse and Islam : Qur'an, exegesis, messianism and the literary origins of the Babi religion
The phenomenology of religion as a philosophical problem : an analysis of the theoretical background of the phenomenology of religion, in general, and of M. Eliade's phenomenological approach, in particular
Unspoken worlds : women's religious lives
Emerging from meditation
The notion of the desert in Sumero-Accadian and West-Semitic religions
"Throughout his career, Obeyesekere has combined psychoanalysis and anthropology to illuminate the relationship between personal symbolism and religious experience. In this book, he begins with Buddha's visionary trances wherein, over the course of four hours, he witnesses hundreds of thousands of his past births and eons of world evolution, renewal, and disappearance. He then connects this fracturing of empirical and visionary time to the realm of space, considering the experience of a female Christian penitent, who stares devotedly at a tiny crucifix only to see the space around it expand to mirror Christ's suffering. Obeyesekere follows the unconscious motivations underlying rapture, the fantastical consumption of Christ's body and blood, and body mutilation and levitation, bridging medieval Catholicism and the movements of early modern thought as reflected in William Blake's artistic visions and poetic dreams. He develops the term 'dream-ego' through a discussion of visionary journeys, Carl Jung's and Sigmund Freud's scientific dreaming, and the cosmic and erotic dream-visions of New Age virtuosos, and he defines the parameters of a visionary mode of knowledge that provides a more elastic understanding of truth. A career-culminating work, this volume translates the epistemology of Hindu and Buddhist thinkers for western audiences while revitalizing western philosophical and scientific inquiry."--Jacket.
Religion in relation : method, application and moral location
Comparative studies in history of religions : their aim, scope, and validity
Levinas and the philosophy of religion
A guide to the phenomenology of religion : key figures, formative influences and subsequent debates
Situated bodies and others making religion : phenomenology of the body and the study of religion
The history of religions : essays in methodology
The phenomenology of religion
Ay BōBō : afro-karibische Religionen : zweite Internationale Tagung der Gesellschaft für Karibikforschung, Wien 1990 = African-Caribbean religions : 2nd International Conference of the Society for Caribbean Research, Vienna 1990. Teil 2, Voodoo
The utopics of Disney World's magic kingdom : a stroll through a realized American eschatology
The role of theory in folkloristics and comparative religion : Turku, 21-23 August, 2013
Rethinking God as gift : Marion, Derrida, and the limits of phenomenology
God and creation : an ecumenical symposium
The ways of religion : an introduction to the major traditions
The Apis embalming ritual : P. Vindob. 3873
Blood magic : the anthropology of menstruation
Ethics of the great religions ; with some accounts of their origins, scriptures, & practices
A magic still dwells : comparative religion in the postmodern age
One religion too many : the religiously comparative reflections of a comparatively religious Hindu
Religious truth
The rivers of paradise : Moses, Buddha, Confucius, Jesus, and Muhammad as religious founders
Bibliography of Nordic research in comparative religion 1989-1990
Man and his destiny in the great religions
Christian and Hindu terminology : a study in their mutual relations with special reference to the Tamil area
Religionswissenschaft as colonialist discourse : the case of Rudolf Otto
The history of the Devil
The sacred mushroom and the cross : a study of the nature and origins of Christianity within the fertility cults of the ancient Near East
Shamanism : Soviet studies of traditional religion in Siberia and Central Asia
Imagining the end : visions of apocalypse from the Ancient Middle East to Modern America
A history of the Devil
America : religions and religion
The hyphenated phrase 'in-visibility' indicates that the visible and the invisible are inseparable and yet in tension with each other. If originating from acts of (in)visibilization, both the visible and the invisible are ethically imbued. Whether we see or overlook each other, respect or dismiss another's dignity, remember or forget a history of crimes against humanity, our (over)sight has an impact on our interaction. What, then, is implied in seeing the human being as created in the image of an invisible God, as imago Dei? Which (re)sources in Judaism and Christianity can counter idolatry in the sense of cognitive captivity and experiences of abandonment after the Shoah? In addressing such questions, this book outlines an ethics of in-visibility in an interdisciplinary dialogue between philosophy and theology, cultural history, art and media theory, sociology, literary and gender studies. Contributors: Christina von Braun, Iben Damgaard, Daniel Dayan, Arne Grøn, Hannes Langbein, Paul Mendes-Flohr, Melissa Raphael, N. Verbin, Alana M. Vincent, Claudia Welz, Christian Wiese, Elliot R. Wolfson.
The study of religion, traditional and new religions
World religions in practice : a comparative introduction
The ascension of the apostle and the Heavenly Book
Faith and belief : the difference between them
This Festschrift is dedicated to Professor Tarmo Kulmar on the occasion of his 65th birthday. The volume contains 23 papers from Tarmo Kulmar's friends, colleagues and students. The papers cover quite an extensive field of religious studies from archaeology and source text analysis to modern religious trends, politics, and the methodology of religious studies. All these are areas to which Professor Kulmar has contributed a great deal over more than 40 years of academic study.
Laughing gods, weeping virgins : laughter in the history of religion
Reader in comparative religion : an anthropological approach
Man and his salvation : studies in memory of S. G. F. Brandon
Revelation is a central category in many religions. Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Mormonism or Unificationists are difficult if not impossible to imagine without it. For some, revelation signifies a decisive event in the past, for others it is a present reality. It plays a central role in shaping religious identities, and it is the reason for much criticism. Some follow a religion only because of its claim to divine revelation, whereas others criticize it as "hearsay upon hearsay” (Paine) on which they would never rest their belief. Some religions have built elaborate institutions of priests and privileged interpreters to safeguard their revelation, control access to it and to protect the right way of interpreting and communicating it. But claims to revelation have also been criticized as strategies of self-immunization, which allow religions to avoid critical public debate of their views and teachings, or legitimize the position of those in power. The 33rd Conference of Philosophy of Religion at Claremont Graduate University in 2012 addressed these complex issues by concentrating on three areas of debate: I. Revelation and Reason, II. Hermeneutics of Revelation, III. Phenomenology of Revelation. Contributors: William J. Abraham, Marlene Block, John D. Caputo, Thomas Carlson, Ingolf U. Dalferth, Stephen T. Davis, Oona Eisenstadt, James L. Fredericks, Kirsten Gerdes, Eric E. Hall, Joshua Kira, Jeff Murico, Bruce Paolozzi, George Pattison, Michael Ch. Rodgers, Claudia Welz.
Ethics of in-visibility : Imago Dei, memory, and human dignity in Jewish and Christian thought
A theology of alterity : Levinas, Von Balthasar, and Trinitarian praxis
Fundamentalisms observed
The politics of spirit : phenomenology, genealogy, religion
Religion in Africa : experience & expression
Heidegger and the quest for the sacred : from thought to the sanctuary of faith
God is not one : the eight rival religions that run the world--and why their differences matter
Mythical trickster figures : contours, contexts, and criticisms
Byzantine Christianity and Islam : historical and pastoral reflections
From reality to subject : a sympathetic, yet critical reading of Eliade
The phenomenon of religion : a thematic approach
Patterns in comparative religion
Sacred places, sacred spaces : the geography of pilgrimages
Ethical dialogue of religions
"The essence of insanity is love" : Rumi and the understanding of mystical text
Divine Mother, Blessed Mother : Hindu goddesses and the Virgin Mary
Mysticism and mystic sects among the Jews, the Mohamedans, and the Zoroastrians a comparative study
Phenomenology of religion : between 'given' and 'constructed'
Christianity and some living religions of the East
Women's voices in world religions
The Universe as communion : towards a neo-patristic synthesis of theology and science
The religions of Asia
The dominant approach to the study of religion known as the phenomenology of religion's core assumption was that underlying the multiplicity of historical and geographically dispersed religions was an ultimately metaphysical, trans-historical substratum, called 'man', Geist , or 'consciousness'. This transhistorical substratum is an expressive agent with a uniform, essential nature. By reading the data of religion as its 'expressions', it is possible to sympathetically understand their meaning. Geist , or 'man', then, is both a philosophy of history and i hermeneutical theory. It also forms a systematic set of representations, which replicate the structure of the asymmetrical relations between Europeans and those colonized by Europeans. The metanarrative of Geist is a narrative of the supremacy - their term, not mine - of white, Christian Europe over black, 'primitive' Africal and 'despotic' Asia. Spirit moves from the South to the North; away from the East to the West. This paper locates Rudolf Otto's work within the structure and history of phenomenological discourse and argues that the science of religion as described there conforms nearly perfectly to the structures of colonial discourse as this has been discussed and analyzed by theorists such as Jaques Derrida and Edward Said.
Religious action : a philosophical analysis
Ay BōBō : afro-karibische Religionen : zweite Internationale Tagung der Gesellschaft für Karibikforschung, Wien 1990 = African-Caribbean religions : 2nd International Conference of the Society for Caribbean Research, Vienna 1990. Teil 1, Kulte = Cults
Religious worlds : the comparative study of religion
God : myths of the male divine
When gods spoke : researchers and reflections on religious phenomena and artefacts : studia in honorem Tarmo Kulmar
The international Eliade
The meaning of religion : lectures in the phenomenology of religion
"Strives to radically utilize Emmanuel Levinas's philosophical framework, bringing it into conversation with the theology of Hans Urs von Balthasar, to construct a post-ontotheological account of theology that unites theory and praxis. By allowing Levinas's Judaism to challenge von Balthasar's Catholicism, Glenn Morrison develops a perspective that is both theologically rich and philosophically provocative"--Provided by publisher.
Ecstasy, ritual, and alternate reality : religion in a pluralistic world
The meanings of death
The spirits are drunk : comparative approaches to Chinese religion
Hidden futures : death and immortality in ancient Egypt, Anatolia, the classical, biblical and Arabic-Islamic world
Interpreting the sacred : ways of viewing religion
Structure and creativity in religion : hermeneutics in Mircea Eliade's phenomenology and new directions
A dictionary of comparative religion
Blood relations : menstruation and the origins of culture
Greece and Babylon : a comparative sketch of Mesopotamian, Anatolian and Hellenic religions
The notion of the desert in Sumero-Accadien and West-Semitic religions
Accounting for fundamentalisms : the dynamic character of movements
Religion as a chain of memory
Dis/integrating the centre : space, narrative, and cognition with special reference to the hadjdj and the Ka'ba
Women, religion and sexuality : studies on the impact of religious teachings on women
This magnum opus incorporates more than a century of new research from around the globe, demonstrating how the period from 1350-1550 gave rise to many mystical writers who remain influential today, including Julian of Norwich, Jan van Ruusbroec, and Catherine of Siena. With an unmatched knowledge of primary works and relevant scholarship, McGinn conveys the unique genius of each mystical teacher and describes how the movement built on individual insights. Specific types of mysticism covered include literature in Middle Dutch, and work in Italian and English in the late medieval period. --
Mircea Eliade is, or at least has been, the most heavily crticised scholar of religions. A number of critics have been discontented with his 'uncritical' way of using data to illustrate or assert his insights. It has been said that Eliade's presuppositions about the nature of reality and religion are not scientific but metaphysical or theological. Eliade's sympathisers, on the other hand, have tried to show that he does after all have a method, and that a careful reading demonstrates that either his presuppositions are no more unscientific that those of anyone else or they can be rethought in a scientifically acceptable way. My starting point is both sympathetic and critical. My question is, what is Eliade actually attempting to understand when he states that he wants to understand religion at its own level? He himself states that he wants to unmask the 'revelations' of the sacred, or - as he also says - the transcendent, and their significance for modern man, who has lost his comprehension of both the sacred and its meaning. This he can do, he argues, by recapturing the way in which 'primitive' and 'archaic' cultures and ancient and modern traditions outside mainstream religions have used symbols to establish a patterned, harmonised view of the world, or - as Eliade prefers to say - reality. Both Eliade's critics and his sympathisers presumably agree that Eliade's presuppositions include statements about the 'essence' of religion, about the nature of reality, and about the ways religion operates, or should operate, in human life, or mode-of-being-in-the-world; they also agree that one of Eliade's main concern in religious studies is with symbols. In my article, I deal with these four points (essence, reality, mode-of-being and symbols), proposing a reading of Eliade which emphasises the scholar's encounter with the subject and not the 'essence' of the matter under study. In my conclusion I suggest that studying the ways in which humans use symbols, which they connect with the 'real' to construct a 'mode-of-being' - or, as William Paden put it, a 'world' - is one way of going 'beyond' Eliade.
Religion in essence and manifestation
Concepts of transmigration : perspectives on reincarnation
Flourishing : why we need religion in a globalized world
Isis and Hermes in late antiquity : the syncretistic territories of two hermetic Isis tractates
Culture and human nature : theoretical papers of Melford E. Spiro
Miracles and pilgrims : popular beliefs in medieval England
Theosophy : metaphors of the subject
Presence of God : a history of western Christian mysticism. Vol. 5, The varieties of vernacular mysticism, 1350-1550
In search of Christian freedom
The Mishnah's conception of the priesthood : the Aggadah versus the Halakhah
Imaging meanings : an Eliadean look at religion
The phenomenology of religious life
Mircea Eliade and the perception of the sacred in the profane : intention, reduction, and cognitive theory
Phenomenology of religion critically observed
