http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2971 mechanisation (passive)
mechanisation (passive)
In this original and thoughtful examination Jyrki Siukonen offers stunning glimpses into the history of art and flying machines. Mankinds perennial dream of flight has found its expression in numerous ingenious contraptions failing to fly. Siukonen studies some of the finest examples, such as Clément Aders steam-powered Avion III and Vladimir Tatlins Letatlin. The dream of flight is also the backcloth against which Siukonen pursues a range of surprising questions about the ideas of the renowned masters of modern architecture, Alvar Aalto and Le Corbusier, and introduces the utopian strain in the writings of the poet Velimir Khlebnikov.
Pandaemonium : 1660-1886 : the coming of the machine as seen by contemporary observers
Children, technology and culture : the impacts of technologies in children's everyday lives
Forest - work and livelihood
Agricultural mechanization : issues and options
Abstract: Computerization of the Kenyan health care records. The purpose of this paper is to create awareness of the benefits of a computerized health care system as opposed to the manual system of record keeping currently in operation within the Kenyan healthcare sector. This paper highlights the current problems that hospitals face and how they can be eliminated. In the research of this Thesis, it was found that the Kenyan population estimates as of 2011 records 41 million inhabitants. The largest referral hospital in Kenya, the Kenyatta national hospital currently has to contend with 3,000 manual transactions daily with stationery accounting for 12 per cent of it is administrative costs. Lack of computer-based files means that health care professionals cannot effectively cater to the patients' well-being. The health of these inhabitants is vital and this paper will emphasize on how computerization in the health care system will revamp it. By digitizing over 40 million records and other technology transformations, the Kenyatta hospital believes that it will contribute to the knowledge transfer and citizen transformation ecosystem. The research questions for this paper were: What is the current situation in the Kenyan medical record system in the health sector? How can a computer-based system be incorporated in the Kenyan health sector? What are the benefits of introducing a computer-based system in the Kenyan health sector? As a result of the thesis, ideas of a computerized healthcare system were formulated and a general framework of the system examined. The computer-based system derived from this paper would be able to effectively and efficiently output the identity of individuals, their diagnosis and medical history without necessarily having to go back to the manual bundle of records.
From Barbie to Mortal Kombat : gender and computer games
Cyber-proletariat : global labour in the digital vortex
Social and economic problems of Finnish Lapland
Garments of paradise : wearable discourse in the digital age
Beyond mechanization : work and technology in a postindustrial age
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
Computerization of the Kenyan health care records
Spatial diffusion of modernization : a study of farm mechanization in Finland at regional and local levels
Electronic culture : technology and visual representation
Agricultural mechanization in development : guidelines for strategy formulation
Technoculture and critical theory : in the service of the machine?
The house in the twentieth-century
This book examines how technology facilitates growing polarisation between wealthy elites and precarious workers. Nick Dyer-Witheford reveals the class domination behind everything from expanding online surveillance to intensifying robotisation. At the same time, he explores the possibilities that information technology offers within radical movements, recasting contemporary struggles in the blue glow of the computer screen.
Farm implements for small-scale farmers in Tanzania
Agricide : the hidden crisis that affects us all
Machines that become us : the social context of personal communication technology
Labor and rainfed agriculture in West Asia and North Africa
Digitized : the science of computers and how it shapes our world
Tractors : a visual history
Technology, environment, and techno-environment: towards sociocultural and environmental aspects of technology
Abstract in the book jacket.
The lives of machines : the industrial imaginary in Victorian literature and culture
Peter J. Bentley tells the story of computer science, explaining how and why computers were invented, how they work, looking at real-world examples of computers in use, and considering what will happen in the future.
Harvesting operations in eucalyptus plantations in Thailand
