http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2970 mechanisation (active)
mechanisation (active)
Mechanised precommercial thinning
A Literature search for agricultural system : Engineering education in developing countries : selected bibliography
Operational efficiency in forestry. Vol. 2, Practice
Farm equipment supply chains : guidelines for policy-makers and service providers: experiences from Kenya, Pakistan and Brazil
Saga of the steam plough
Developments in the use of Finnish forests
The development of transportable Finnish barking machines
International marketing plan  : Case study GMH Machines and Tools PVT. Ltd
The transfer of appropriate technology to small-scale farmers in Ghana
Feasibility of logging mechanization in Brazilian forest plantations : a comparison between Brazil and Finland
Thinning young pine stands with the Makeri tractor in Poland = Makeri pientraktori nuoren männikön harvennuksessa Puolassa = Próba zastosowania ciagnika Makeri do pozyskiwania drewna w trzebiezach drzewostanów sosnowych w Polsce
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Engineering the Modelling, Monitoring, Mechanization and Automation Tools for Precision Horticulture : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
The international handbook on mechanization of field experiments (the IAMFE handbook)
New technical and alternative silvicultural approaches to pre-commercial thinning
Harvesting of stump and root wood by the Pallari Stumparvester : a sub-project of the joint Nordic research programme for the utilization of logging residues
Agricultural engineering in development : selection of mechnization inputs
New technology of growing large seedlings for mechanized tree planting
Small farm machanization for developing countries
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
Cleaning Scots pine seedling stands with mechanical uprooters - a work quality comparison of two related devices
Art & technology in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Towards supplier partnerships in timber harvesting and transportation
Handbook of composite fabrication
Mounting and dismounting of rolling bearings
Yogoslav experience in designing thinning machines
Guide to equipment inventories : standards, strategies and best practices
Social implications of farm mechanization : major results of the Finnish part of a cross-national research project
Possibilities of multi-tree processing in thinnings
Optimizing of intelligence level in welding
International marketing plan : case study GMH Machines and Tools PVT. Ltd
McGraw-Hill machining and metalworking handbook
Machining technology : machine tools and operations
5th European conference on cognitive science approaches to process control : Espoo, Finland, August 30 - September 1, 1995
The impact of technological change on rural and regional forestry in Finland
Spatial diffusion of modernization : a study of farm mechanization in Finland at regional and local levels
Materials and processes in manufacturing
Potato mechanisation and storage
A techno-economic evaluation of Bracke and M-Planter tree planting devices
Agricultural mechanization in development : guidelines for strategy formulation
Planning of mechanized thinning in New Zealand Pinus radiata plantations
The development of small-log harvesting for the Indonesian pulp and paper industries
Proceedings of the OSCAR Workshop : mechanized and efficient silviculture : November 25–26, 2015 Natural Resources Institute Finland, Suonenjoki Research Unit, Finland
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 2, Animal production & aquacultural engineering
CNC machining technology : volume I : design, development and CIM strategies
Level of mechanization in forest operations
Manipulators with telescopic boom for thinning and their influence on formable stand
Mechanised livestock feeding
Social implications of farm mechanization : Major results of the Finnish part of cross-national research project
Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop on Vineyard Mechanization and Grape and Wine Quality : Piacenza, Italy June 27-29, 2012
Profitable farm mechanization
Comparison between manual, oxen and farm tractor skidding in Zambian plantation forestry
Commercial forests require early cleaning to ensure the unhindered and uniform growth of crop trees. In order to be cost effective, non-crop vegetation should be uprooted to prevent their recovery. Performing this work manually is a labour-intensive task but it can be done mechanically. We evaluated the efficiency of two uprooting devices in direct seeded Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) stands ca. 1 m tall. Productivity and quality of the uprooting work was investigated across eight stands and ca. 160 sample plots in northern Karelia, eastern Finland. Time consumption of the uprooters was analyzed through a linear regression model and the work quality through a multilevel multivariate model in terms of the number of individual Scots pine seedlings, processing units (i.e., a bunch of seedlings to be harvested in the future) and broadleaves. The productivity of the narrower modified device was significantly better in terms of time consumption than the wider original device. Work quality did not differ significantly between devices when stand characteristics, regeneration success and pre-existing damage were taken into account. Results indicate that mechanical uprooting devices may be further developed to a cost-effective alternative to motor-manual techniques for the early cleaning of direct seeded commercial Scots pine stands..
Experience has shown that a basic prerequisite for successful mechanization of the agricultural sector requires a well-functioning supply chain. To draw lessons for achieving this goal, the FAO Rural Infrastructure and Agro-Industries Division commissioned three mechanization supply chain case studies. The studies were conducted in Kenya, Pakistan and Brazil and the information contained in them has been used as the basis for the analysis presented in this technical report. Historically, public sector efforts to supply mechanization services have often failed as costs greatly exceeded income and the maintenance of aging machinery fleets became too great a burden. However it is evident that the public sector does have a role to play in complementing the activities of the private sector in a synergistic partnership. The main role of the public sector is to have the vision of a national mechanization strategy and to cultivate an enabling environment which allows the private sector to operate effectively. One key possibility described in the report is that of linking equipment supply chains across continents. This is exemplified by an account of the evolution of no-till technology in Brazil which is now being successfully used by farmers in Asia and Africa. A key stakeholder in this supply chain development has been FAO in conjunction with the international donor community, as they have been in a position to take a holistic view to encourage private sector actors and so disseminate profitable mechanization technologies from one continent to another. The main recommendations of the technical report are aimed at policy makers in the public sector, although there is plenty of interest to other stakeholders, especially machinery suppliers and mechanization service providers. However the ultimate beneficiaries are small and medium scale farmers who are the recipients of the services provided.--Publisher's description.
Mechanisation of industrial logging operations in the Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic of Karelia in 1872-1990
The state of mechanized precommercial thinning in central and eastern Canada
Mechanization and economies of scale in seedling production
In the age of the smart machine : the future of work and power
Ghosts in the machine
Investment in agricultural mechanization in Africa : conclusions and recommendations of a round table meeting of experts ; 3-5 June 2009, Arusha, Tanzania
Mechanized harvesting of stumps and roots : a sub-project of the joint Nordic research programme for the utilization of logging residues
Logging technologies and utilization of biomass from thinnings
Rolling bearing damage : recognition of damage and bearing inspection
Mechanization for Rural Development : a review of patterns and progress from around the world
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 3, Plant production engineering
Agricultural mechanization in Sub-Saharan Africa : guidelines for preparing a strategy
Special training for advanced mechanization
