http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2976 science of religion
science of religion
The study of religion : an introduction to key ideas and methods
Science of religion bulletin : abstracts and index of recent articles
Britannica encyclopedia of world religions
Religion past & present : encyclopedia of theology and religion. Volume [14], Index
Supernaturalism in human life : a discourse on myth, ritual & religion
In the article the issue of sacrality is explored from the points of view of cultural anthropology and cognitive science of religion. Culture-specific contents of meaning bestowed on the notion of "sacred" are not approached as religious representations in which some theologically defined agent, metaphysical entity or otherworldly level of existence is believed to manifest itself to human beings. Instead, various attributions of sacrality are explored as representations of the general mental capacity of human beings to set apart places and sites in specific locations and points of terrain in local topography in order to mark ritual spaces and establish rules of conduct for their maintenance as well as for specific social valus and categorizations on which the inviolability of behavioral norms is based.
Religion and culture : an introduction to anthropology of religion
The study of religions
Die gesellschaftlichen Funktionen der Volksbräuche bei den finnisch-ugrischen Völkern = Sotsialnyje funktsii narodnyh obytšajev finno-ugorskih narodov = The social function of folk customs among the finno-ugric peoples = A népszokások társadalmi funkciói a finnugor népek körében
The Brill dictionary of religion
A new handbook of living religions
THE SACRED AND THE PROFANE
Approaches to Islam in religious studies
The religions book : big ideas simply explained
Carl Olson offers a compelling and provocative argument against the application of postmodern thought to Religious Studies, showing how such radically skeptical thinking undermines, subverts, and distorts the study of religion. As Olson shows, Religious Studies is a newly and artificially constructed field for the scholarly study of religious narratives, thoughts, actions, and phenomena. It is an ongoing experiment with various types of methodological approaches to the study of religion, which is itself a human construct with limited cross-cultural application. Without a commonly agreed-upon method for the study of its subject, Religious Studies is characterized by the use of multiple methods, which tend to be adopted based on the latest trends in the field. Most recently, these trends have been dominated by postmodern thought. Because the discipline of Religious Studies is a product of the European Enlightenment with its values and representational mode of thinking, it is challenged and even threatened by postmodern thought, which calls into question many of its values, basic presuppositions, and convictions. After reviewing the many fads and fashions of Religious Studies, Olson examines various postmodern positions related to the study of religion, including those of Georges Bataille, Jacques Derrida, Marcel Mauss, Michel Foucault and Edward W. Said. Olson contrasts the thought of traditional history of religions scholars Mircea Eliade and Wendy Doniger with selected postmodern thinkers on the topics of hermeneutics, comparison, and difference. The Allure of Decadent Thinking concludes by exploring the postmodern challenges to such accepted concepts of religion and considers the long-term implications of a scholar's adoption of postmodern methods. Regardless of whether they are transformed by postmodern thought, Olson suggests, all methods and concepts should be subject to pragmatic review.
Summary in Finnish.
Asian highlands perspectives. 1
This Festschrift is dedicated to Professor Tarmo Kulmar on the occasion of his 65th birthday. The volume contains 23 papers from Tarmo Kulmar's friends, colleagues and students. The papers cover quite an extensive field of religious studies from archaeology and source text analysis to modern religious trends, politics, and the methodology of religious studies. All these are areas to which Professor Kulmar has contributed a great deal over more than 40 years of academic study.
Approaching religion
International folklore review
Japanese journal of religious studies
Pagan survivals in Mohammedan civilisation
Problems and methods of the history of religions : proceedings of the Study Conference organized by the Italian Society for the History of Religions on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the death of Raffaele Pettazzoni, Rome, 6th to 8th December 1969
Knowledge and social practice in medieval Damascus, 1190-1350
History of religions
The article discusses methodological similarities and differences between Uno Harva and Mircea Eliade, with the objective of reassessing the value of their comparativist programs for the study of religion in general and of 'religious' cognition in particular. The Finnish scholar Uno Holmberg-Harva (1882-1949) was a predecessor to Eliade as a scholar of Asian and European religious history. During the first three decades of the twentieth century, when the academic study of religion was still maturing in Europe, Harva expanded considerably the field of the ethnological study of religion with his religio-phenomenological monographs Der Baum des Lebens (1922), Finno-Ugric, Siberian Mythology (1927) and Die Religiösen Vorstellungen der Altaischen Völker (1938). Harva was a towering figure in Finnish scholarship. Originally a Protestant theologian and Lutheran minister, he resigned from his ecclesiastical position to become a historian of religion, field ethnographer, ethnosociologist and folklorist under the tutelage of Edward Westermarck and Kaarle Krohn. Harva's influence on the work of Eliade has been almost entirely ignorant by historiographers of Religious Studies.
The study of religion in a new key : theoretical and philosophical soundings in the comparative and general study of religion
Danish summary.
Journal for the scientific study of religion
Strategies in the study of religions. Volume two, Exploring religions in motion
The notion of Interreligious Studies signals a new academic perspective on the study of religion, characterized by a relational approach. Interreligious Studies defines the essential features of interreligious studies compared with alternative conceptions of religious studies and theology. The book discusses pressing and salient challenges in interreligious relations, including interreligious dialogue in practice and theory, interfaith dialogue and secularity, confrontational identity politics, faith-based diplomacy, the question of interfaith learning in school, and interreligious responses to extremism. Interreligious Studies is a cutting-edge study from one of the most important voices in Europe in the field, Oddbj rn Leirvik, and includes case study material from his native Norway including interreligious responses to the bomb attack in Norway on 22nd July 2011, as well as examples from a number of other national and global contexts Expanding discussions on interreligious dialogue and the relationship between religions in new and interesting ways, this book is a much-needed addition to the growing literature on interreligious studies.
Studies in shamanism : based on papers read at the Symposium of shamanism held at Åbo on the 6th-8th of September, 1962
Historicizing religion : critical approaches to contemporary concerns
The Christian concept of 'God' names a category with surprisingly heterogeneous contents. In the Old Testament traditions God is an anthropomorphic agent; in Christian theology God often appears as a personalized metaphysical principle; philosophers of religion try to find the inherent rationality of this concept; finally, some natural scientists regard God as the "intelligent designer" of the world. What is common to all these ideas, covering a time span of about 2,500 years, is that representations of God are triggered by the perception of order and control in the world.
The cognitive science of religion
Science of religion
50 key words : comparative religion
A comparative history of ideas
Journal of ritual studies
Religious studies and theology : an introduction
A new science of religion
Islam : experience of the holy and concept of man
History of religions. 1
Spirituality in the modern world. Vol. 4, Explorations of explanations : within religious tradition and beyond
The selected works of Andrew Lang. Volume 1, Anthropology : fairy tale, folklore, the origins of religion, psychical research
Religionswissenschaft as colonialist discourse : the case of Rudolf Otto
Entanglements attempts to argue against those who claim that scholarship on the category religion is only of secondary interest, in that it fails to do primary research on real religions. The volume collects eighteen responses, written across twenty years, that each exemplify the inevitably situated, give-and-take nature of all academic debate. These essays call into question the often used distinction between primary and secondary sources, between description and analysis. Published here in their original form, each contribution is accompanied by new, substantive introduction describing the context of each response and explaining how each shows something still at stake in the academic study of religion--whether its the rhetoric used to authorize competing scholarly claims or the difficulty involved in suspending our commonsense view of the world long enough to study the means by which we have come to see it that way. An ethnography of scholarly practice written mainly for earlier career readers--whether undergraduate or graduate students or even tenure-track faculty--Entanglements tackles the notion that some scholarship is more pristine, and thus more valuable, than others, thereby modeling for scholars earlier in their careers some of the obstacles and arguments that may face them should their research interests be judged unorthodox.
The structure of religious knowing : encountering the sacred in Eliade and Lonergan
Cognition and religious phenomena : a response to Håkan Rydving
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Rethinking pluralism : Ritual, experience, and ambiguity
Sociology of religion : a quarterly review
A timely revision of an Orbis classic with over 11,000 copies sold of the 1st edition. Used in classrooms as diverse as Florida A&M, the University of Dayton, Le Moyne College, and Gettysburg College, this introductory text helps students think through the basic questions that arise in the study of religion. What is the nature of religious experience? How does religion shape the actions of individuals and communities? How does religion promote or inhibit human development and well-being? Based on classroom use, this edition has been updated throughout, including new examples and themes such as religious fundamentalism and violence. It consolidates some sections that seemed not to work as well and puts more emphasis on environmental issues. All resources at the end of the chapters have been updated. Developed and tested through team teaching and refined and revised through classroom use, Introduction to the Study of Religion brings together examples from a variety of world religions to explore these questions. Each chapter contains illustrations and sidebars that relate more abstract concepts to the student's life experience as well as study/research activities, suggested readings, and audiovisual resources. The final chapter explores current issues such as patriarchy, alienating images of God, religion in the face of suffering, and cults. A glossary of terms used is included. <p> Classroom tested and user-friendly, Introduction to the Study of Religion is an accessible and affordable choice for use in any introduction to religion course.
Role-taking of the shaman
Structures and patterns of religion
A history of religious ideas. 3, From Muhammad to the Age of Reforms
Religion and technology in the 21st century : faith in the e-world
Reader in comparative religion : an anthropological approach
The review of religions
Religion and Food : based on papers read at the conference arranged by the Donner Institute for Research in Religious and Cultural History, Åbo Akademi University, Åbo/Turku, Finland, on 25-27 June 2014
"Why is the set of human beliefs and behaviours that we call "religion" such a widespread feature of all known human societies, past and present, and why are there so many forms of religiosity found throughout history and culture? "Mental Culture" brings together an international range of scholars - from Anthropology, History, Psychology, Philosophy, and Religious Studies - to answer these questions. Connecting classical theories and approaches with the newly established field of the Cognitive Science of Religion, the aim of "Mental Culture" is to provide scholars and students of religion with an overview of contemporary scientific approaches to religion while tracing their intellectual development to some of the great thinkers of the past." --Publisher's description.
Borders : of boundaries, transitions and transgressions : a response to Gavin Flood
The next step in studying religion : a graduate's guide
Religious studies and its relationship with theology : a spatial analysis
Interreligious studies : a relational approach to religious activism and the study of religion
The selfless mind : personality, consciousness and nirvana in early Buddhism
Science of religion bulletin
Numen : international review for the history of religions
In spite of secularist predictions, religion on a global scale has not gone away and shows little sign of dimnishing. Within the context of the renewal of interest in religion and the assertion of religion in the public realm, I seek in this article to explore the ways in which the self has been (and continues to be) formed in religious traditions. Drawing on substantive examples from my work on textual traditions in India and Europe, the article argues that 'religious reading' is central to the formation of religious traditions and the formation of the religious person, and that this has an impact upon discourse in the public realm. The process of religious reading itself occurs in a borderland between text and world and between self and world. Through 'religious reading', or more precisely textual reception, we can understand the ways in which forms of inwardness are constructed in tradition-specific ways and such inwardness too has an impact on public discourse. I therefore attempt to examine three traditional borderlands - between inwardness and externality, between text and world, and between private religion and public governance - in the light of religious reading.
The woman who understood compeletely : a semiotic analysis of the Mary Magdalene myth in the Gnostic gospel of Mary
Recent reference books in religion : a guide for students, scholars, researchers, buyers, & readers
Fatalism in Persian epics
Local religion in North China in the twentieth century : the structure and organization of community rituals and beliefs
The Brill dictionary of religion. Volume 4, S-Z
The transcendences of listening to music : how listening to Bob Dylan moves his fans
Skyhooks and toeholds in the study of religion
History of religions : an international journal for comparative historical studies
Mircea Eliade is, or at least has been, the most heavily crticised scholar of religions. A number of critics have been discontented with his 'uncritical' way of using data to illustrate or assert his insights. It has been said that Eliade's presuppositions about the nature of reality and religion are not scientific but metaphysical or theological. Eliade's sympathisers, on the other hand, have tried to show that he does after all have a method, and that a careful reading demonstrates that either his presuppositions are no more unscientific that those of anyone else or they can be rethought in a scientifically acceptable way. My starting point is both sympathetic and critical. My question is, what is Eliade actually attempting to understand when he states that he wants to understand religion at its own level? He himself states that he wants to unmask the 'revelations' of the sacred, or - as he also says - the transcendent, and their significance for modern man, who has lost his comprehension of both the sacred and its meaning. This he can do, he argues, by recapturing the way in which 'primitive' and 'archaic' cultures and ancient and modern traditions outside mainstream religions have used symbols to establish a patterned, harmonised view of the world, or - as Eliade prefers to say - reality. Both Eliade's critics and his sympathisers presumably agree that Eliade's presuppositions include statements about the 'essence' of religion, about the nature of reality, and about the ways religion operates, or should operate, in human life, or mode-of-being-in-the-world; they also agree that one of Eliade's main concern in religious studies is with symbols. In my article, I deal with these four points (essence, reality, mode-of-being and symbols), proposing a reading of Eliade which emphasises the scholar's encounter with the subject and not the 'essence' of the matter under study. In my conclusion I suggest that studying the ways in which humans use symbols, which they connect with the 'real' to construct a 'mode-of-being' - or, as William Paden put it, a 'world' - is one way of going 'beyond' Eliade.
Encountering religion : an introduction to the religions of the world
Shamanism and tantra in the Himalayas
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion
Philosophical hermeneutics and its significance for the study of religion
Everyone is right : a new look at comparative religion and its relation to science
Faith and belief : the difference between them
Religion and the social order. Vol. 1, New developments in theory and research
Wege mystischer Gotteserfahrung : Judentum, Christentum und Islam = Mystical approaches to God : Judaism, Christianity, and Islam
International journal of sino-western studies
"This new survey text for comparative religion, authored and edited by Lawrence Sullivan, successfully marries traditional approaches with analysis drawn from anthropology and sociology to explain the making of meaning in leading religious traditions. Sacred space, ritual performance, sacred texts, historical overviews and phenomenological insights are all examined in this full-color text to show the rich diversity of religious belief and practice. Distinctive in this volume are separate chapters on the diversity of Christianity across the globe. Features include numerous photographs of art and artifacts, maps, timelines, tables, textboxes, pedagogy, and a glossary."--Publisher description.
Religion and adaptation
Phenomenology as a preliminary method
The concept of the body in religious studies
Symposium on new approaches to the study of religion : proceedings of the 1964 annual spring meeting of the American Ethnological Society
Take Judaism, for example : studies toward the comparison of religions
Understanding pilgrimage to Mount Athos
Philosophical books
During his 'world journey' of 1911-1912, Rudolf Otto came to embrace a form of German cultural colonialism which assigned the study of religions a key role. Concern for this colonial program guided his activities unitl the outbreak of World War I, when German colonial ambitions became unrealistic. Although it is difficult to argue that this colonial project had a major impact on Otto's conception of religion, it did alter his scholarly practice with regard to it, transforming him from a liberal systematic theologican into something more akin to whht we know today as a scholar of religions. For 25 years, from 1912 until his death in 1937, much of Otto's professional activity was taken up with importing religions materials from elsewhere, especially from south Asia - mostly texts but also material artefacts. This article reads Otto's colonialism and its rebirth as Religionswissenschaft against the grain of Otto's self-coneption and the coneption of others at the time. While cultural colonialism insisted upon its distance from the activities of the business classes, this article reads those activitites in mercantile terms, In doings so, it suggests that such a re-reading might be profitably applied not just to conceptions of scholarly activity but also to other areas where it has been customary to insist on distance from economic activity, specifically, the way in which scholars of religions have conceived what we usually call religion.
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
Religion past & present : encyclopedia of theology and religion. Volume 4, Dev-Ezr
Research and sexual difference
Academic disciplines can be understood as tribes with their own territories (Becher 1989) which are protected from outsiders and invested with power and meaning for those within. The language which scholars use to delineate and distinguish them from one another is replete with spatial metaphor and the language of war and struggle. References to inside/outside, inclusion/exclusion, to boundaries, incursions, incorporation, integration and embrace are frequently made, particularly when scholars write about their own discipline in relation to others. In this article I offer a spatial analysis of discourse about the discipline of religious studies and its relationship to theology. I note the importance in such discourse of the container schema (Lakoff and Johnson 1999) for depicting possible disciplinary relationships and various perspectives on 'religion' as an object of study. A spatial approach offers a clear visual depiction of the views of selected scholars of religion on the relationship of religious studies to theology, whilst also revealing some of the power strategies at work in disciplinary construction. Keywords: Religious studies, Theology, spatial language, academic disciplines.
Invitation to the psychology of religion
When gods spoke : researchers and reflections on religious phenomena and artefacts : studia in honorem Tarmo Kulmar
There is a distinct possibility that, in the twenty-first century, Religious Studies as a discipline could come into its own. Its multidisciplinary orientation, if handled with due critical awareness as to its own former grandiose ambitions and present entanglements, could provide insight into the various problems that beset contemporary existence. Religious Studies has been involved in a number of internal debates that have sapped its energies and prevented it from advancing theoretically in ways that would help it address these problems. In this article I survey some of the developments that have taken place in other disciplines that could be of benefit in helping Religious Studies take its place as a discipline that is relevant for the twenty-first century.Keywords: Religious studies, cultural studies, culture, postcolonialism, gender.
Introduction to the study of religion
A concise introduction to world religions
Anatomy of the sacred : an introduction to religion
Ethics of the great religions ; with some accounts of their origins, scriptures, & practices
An encyclopædia of religions
Hate is the sin : putting faces on the debate over human sexuality
The God delusion
A comprehensible universe : the interplay of science and theology
Guide to the study of religion
Sociological analysis
Bibliography of Nordic research in comparative religion 1991-1992
Temenos : studies in comparative religion presented by scholars in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
When is methodology a trap?
Religion : the basics
The treshold of religion
Making space for the 'post-secular' in religious studies
Religions in the modern world : traditions and transformations
The genesis and geometry of the labyrinth : architecture, hidden language, myths, and rituals
History of religions. 2, Judaism ; Christianity ; Mohammedanism
The Sociology of religion
Religion - sui generis - but in what sense?
Dwelling on the borders : self. Text and world
Spirituality in the modern world. Vol. 2, Spirituality from within religious tradition : within religious tradition and beyond
Sound, music, and the study of religion
Christianity and some living religions of the East
Japanese Journal of Religious Studies
Entanglements : marking place in the field of religion
Macmillan dictionary of religion
Disciplinary anxieties in the study of religion
Psychology and religion : eight points of view
God : a brief history with a cognitive explanation of the concept
Southern folklore quarterly
Austmarr IV : the plurality of religions and religious change around the Baltic Sea, 500-1300 : methodological challenges for multidisciplinary data : 4th-5th December 2014, Sundsvall, Sweden
Religions of the world : an introduction to culture and meaning
Religion in relation : method, application and moral location
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
'Two cultures' in the study of religion? A response to Håkan Rydving
Theories of religion : a reader
Classical approaches to the study of religion : aims, methods and theories of research. 1, Introduction and anthology
Contemporary religions : a world guide
Religion in an African society : a study of the religion of the Kono people of Sierra Leone in its social environment with special reference to the function of religion in that society
Introduction to the science of religion, four lectures delivered at the Royal Institution, in February and May, 1870
Lived religion : conceptual, empirical and practical-theological approaches : essays in honor of Hans-Gunter Heimbrock
An approach to the psychology of religion
Method and theory in religious studies : retrospect and prognostications
Sociology of religion
The allure of decadent thinking : religious studies and the challenge of postmodernism
Bibliography of Nordic research in comparative religion 1986-1988
The struggle of the Lithuanian Roman Catholic Church to save Vilnius archcathedral
Japanese civilization in the modern world. 6, Religion
Gurus and their followers : new religious reform movements in colonial India
The Brill dictionary of religion. Volume 3, M-R
The Brill dictionary of religion. Volume 1, A-D
The article discusses transcendence in music in relation to popular Sufi performances in East Africa, drawing on specific cases from Zanzibar. Based on fieldwork, it examines ways in which music and movement in a structured event or performance can affect the consciousness. This phenomenon is discussed in close connection to its increasing presence in popular music festivals. The article also addresses the latent conflict between the performative Sufi orders of Islamic faith and the more conservative and increasingly silent Muslims.
The limits of explaining in religious studies
Space, body, and the notion of boundary : a category-theoretical approach to religion
The dominant approach to the study of religion known as the phenomenology of religion's core assumption was that underlying the multiplicity of historical and geographically dispersed religions was an ultimately metaphysical, trans-historical substratum, called 'man', Geist , or 'consciousness'. This transhistorical substratum is an expressive agent with a uniform, essential nature. By reading the data of religion as its 'expressions', it is possible to sympathetically understand their meaning. Geist , or 'man', then, is both a philosophy of history and i hermeneutical theory. It also forms a systematic set of representations, which replicate the structure of the asymmetrical relations between Europeans and those colonized by Europeans. The metanarrative of Geist is a narrative of the supremacy - their term, not mine - of white, Christian Europe over black, 'primitive' Africal and 'despotic' Asia. Spirit moves from the South to the North; away from the East to the West. This paper locates Rudolf Otto's work within the structure and history of phenomenological discourse and argues that the science of religion as described there conforms nearly perfectly to the structures of colonial discourse as this has been discussed and analyzed by theorists such as Jaques Derrida and Edward Said.
Insider/outsider issues are of central importance for the definitions of religion and for the identity of religious groups, for the subjectivity and relationships of their adherents, for methodological issues within the study of religions and for the relationship between non-theological and thological studies of religion. Conceptions of 'inside', 'outside' and 'boundary', the emotions surrounding them, their origins in the social relations of body, family and strangers, and the metaphors used to depict and manage them all provide important insights for thinking about religions, how they are studies and by whom. A discussion of socio-spatial and cognitive linguistic theories of categorisation, containment and boundary-making is followed by several case studies in which territories and boundaries are explored with reference to the relationship between 'religion' and 'magic' in medieval Europe, the Enlightenment construction of 'religion', 'religions' and 'non-religion', and briefly, the disciplinary engagement of religious studies and theology. The application of the concept of the 'sacred' to these boundaries and the spaces they produce is considered.
Ibn Kammūna's examination of the three faiths : a thirteenth-century essay in the comparative studu of religion translated from the Arabic, with an introduction and notes
Anthropological approaches to the study of religion
Undeniable : evolution and the science of creation
After remarking on some common worries that trouble the academic study of religion, the article presents an argument for an anthropocentric stance and analytic preference as the directional compass, or an intellectual alignment, in the disciplinary practices of Religious Studies. At the core of this stance is a 'reductionist' commitment to a corrigible theoretical monism, which is, however, compatible with plural analytics or methodologies. Keywords: Study of religion, theories of religion, disciplinarity .
The rebirth of cultural colonialism as religionswissenschaft: Rudolf Otto's Import House
Mircea Eliade : from magic to myth
Traditional organization and content informs this new text which is distinguished by its anthropological and sociological analysis. Sacred space, ritual performance, and sacred texts figure significantly in each religious traditions portrait, along with historical overviews and phenomenological insights and a focus on diverse groups or sects within each tradition. Unlike other texts, Christianity is broken out among its major divisions (early/primitive, Roman Catholic, Orthodox, and Protestant). Features include a full-color interior, numerous photographs of art and artifacts, maps, timelines, tables, textboxes, pedagogy (outlines, questionsend of chapter and possibly integrated into the text, key terms, reading lists), and a glossary.
Spirituality in the modern world. Vol. 3, 'Autonomous' spiritualities beyond religious tradition : within religious tradition and beyond
Temenos : Nordic journal of comparative religion
Rethinking 'religious' cognition : the Eliadean notion of the sacred in the light of the legacy of Uno Harva
Dictionary of contemporary religion in the Western world
From reality to subject : a sympathetic, yet critical reading of Eliade
The need for a sacred science
Music and transcendence: Sufi popular performances in East Africa
Religion past & present : encyclopedia of theology and religion
Theology and religious studies in higher education : global perspectives
Understanding the other
Discourse and divine birth : an interdisciplinary approach to an ancient Egyptian myth
Mental culture : classical social theory and the cognitive science of religion
Changing religious worlds : the meaning and end of Mircea Eliade
Gifts to the gods : proceedings of the Uppsala Symposium 1985
Religion past & present : encyclopedia of theology and religion. Volume 13, Tol-Zyg
Inside, outside and the space in-between : territories and boundaries in the study of religion
The Brill dictionary of religion. Volume 2, E-L
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
The aura of kings : legitimacy and divine sanction in Iranian kingship
Comparative religion : a short outline
The head beneath the altar : Hindu mythology and the critique of sacrifice
Important symbols in their Hebrew, pagan, and Christian forms
Rafael Karsten (1879-1956) : a Finnish scholar of religion
Created by some being : theoretical and empirical exploration of adults’ automatic and reflective beliefs about the origin of natural phenomena
