http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2977 phenomenology
phenomenology
The radical choice and moral theory : through communicative argumentation to phenomenological subjectivity
American phenomenology : origins and developments
Phenomenology of life and the human creative condition. Book 3, Ontopoietic expansion in human self-interpretation-in-existence : the I and the other in their creative spacing of the societal circuits of life
The conflict of interpretations : essays in hermeneutics
Three essays on phenomenology and ontology
Commentary on Husserl's Ideas I
Phenomenology and deconstruction. Vol. 3, Breakdown in communication
The problems of contemporary philosophy
Reduction in concreto : two readings of the idea of phenomenology
More studies in ethnomethodology
"And then they found her body" : T. S. Eliot's corporeal Cocktail party
Anthropology and alterity : responding to the other
Entre nous : on Thinking-of-the-other
The remote body : the phenomenology of telepresence and re-embodiment
This is an exceptional volume which expands upon the World Phenomenology Instituteś recent research: the study of the beautiful intertwining of the skies and the cosmos with the human pursuits of philosophy, literature and the arts. The relationship of humans to the cosmos is examined through the exploration of phenomenology, metaphysics and the arts. The authors of this volume write on a variety of topics which all seek to open the readerś eyes to the relationship of humans and our perception of our place in the cosmos. This volume offers a framework in which to present a rich panorama; a variety of perspectives illustrating how the perception of the interplay between human beings and the celestial realm advances in common experience and worldviews. This attempt to uncover our cosmic position is a great and worthwhile intellectual challenge. Philosophy as well as literature and the arts are nourished by this human quest for knowledge and understanding.
A theory of the absolute
Phenomenological interpretations of Aristotle : initiation into phenomenological research
Derrida and Husserl : the basic problem of phenomenology
Phenomenology of life and the human creative condition. Book 2, The reincarnating mind, or the ontopoietic outburst in creative virtualities : harmonisations and attunement in cognition, the fine arts, literature
Collected works. Vol. 7, Thing and space : Lectures of 1907
Structures of subjectivity : explorations in psychoanalytic phenomenology and contextualism
Interaction for knowledge creation:a phenomenological study in Knowledge Management
Phenomenology and the non-human animal : at the limits of experience
The reason of the gift
Defining arcticity: phenomenological study on tourists' understanding of arctic
Let me explain : Texts selected and arranged by Jean-Pierre Demoulin
Contributions to philosophy : (from enowning)
Towards modelling of human relationships : nonlinear dynamical systems in relationships
The aim of this thesis is to present a theoretically consistent conceptualization of knowledge creation as an interactive event and to test this in a working community in a methodologically coherent manner.This thesis examines the key problems in the body of research of knowledge creation in the field of Knowledge Management, which is attached to the idea of knowledge as an asset inside a human mind, but simultaneously promotes a view of interaction, based on hermeneutic understanding. The study proposes an alternative way to conceptualize and examine knowledge creation, based on hermeneutic phenomenology of Hans-Georg Gadamer and Martin Heidegger. The foci are on the conceptions of a human being and interaction as play. On the basis of the research literature, a framework for examining knowledge creation was developed. The framework was empirically tested in a multi-organizational and multi-professional working community of librarians and teachers, participating in The Joy of Reading Program in Finland. Along with the research literature, the triangulated data consist of ethnographic observations and video recordings of the community's gatherings, its members' interviews and produced documents. The data were analyzed through a qualitative approach.The results show that the phenomenological conceptions of temporality of a human being and play are suitable for understanding being in the knowledge-creating interaction, as they give means to understand the meaningfulness of past experiences, but promote an open attitude towards future possibilities in a way which promotes knowledge creation. Studying interactive events allows for an understanding of how the phenomenon of knowledge creation can be examined as a collective accomplishment. The importance of flexible circumstances is emphasized to promote interaction. The playful mode of being in the event, meaning seriousness and the tendency to be present in the event, was seen as a way to use the time available effectively. The results may be utilized to develop organizational circumstances, which promote knowledge creation by acknowledging the meaningfulness of interaction.In the future, theoretical sampling will be used for testing and developing the framework further in a Finnish Academy's Strategic Research Council's consortium BCDC Energy aiming at developing a cloud computing based market place on renewable energy markets.
The dominant approach to the study of religion known as the phenomenology of religion's core assumption was that underlying the multiplicity of historical and geographically dispersed religions was an ultimately metaphysical, trans-historical substratum, called 'man', Geist , or 'consciousness'. This transhistorical substratum is an expressive agent with a uniform, essential nature. By reading the data of religion as its 'expressions', it is possible to sympathetically understand their meaning. Geist , or 'man', then, is both a philosophy of history and i hermeneutical theory. It also forms a systematic set of representations, which replicate the structure of the asymmetrical relations between Europeans and those colonized by Europeans. The metanarrative of Geist is a narrative of the supremacy - their term, not mine - of white, Christian Europe over black, 'primitive' Africal and 'despotic' Asia. Spirit moves from the South to the North; away from the East to the West. This paper locates Rudolf Otto's work within the structure and history of phenomenological discourse and argues that the science of religion as described there conforms nearly perfectly to the structures of colonial discourse as this has been discussed and analyzed by theorists such as Jaques Derrida and Edward Said.
Collected philosophical papers
Philosophical discourse in Latvia
Life : in the glory of its radiating manifestations
Consciousness : essays from a higher-order perspective
Reading Sartre : on phenomenology and existentialism
The phenomenological problem
Life : the human quest for an ideal
Hiddenness and alterity : philosophical and literary sightings of the unseen
Phenomenological explanations
Towards the definition of philosophy
Phenomenology of life and the human creative condition. Book 1, Laying down the cornerstones of the field
Phenomenology and existentialism
Feminist phenomenology
A philosophy of boredom
Releasing the image : from literature to new media
Before and after the reduction
Phenomenology for therapists : researching the lived world
Encountering differences : study and learning environment culture-shock in Finland : (the case of Asian first year international students)
Structural phenomenology : an empirically-based model of consciousness
Merleau-Ponty's modification of phenomenology : cognition, passion and philosophy
Experience and history : phenomenological perspectives on the historical world
Ideas pertaining to a pure phenomenology and to a phenomenological philosophy. 2. book, Studies in the phenomenology of constitution
The phenomenological movement : a historical introduction. 1
Phenomenology and the return to beginnings
Bodies moving and moved : a phenomenological analysis of the dancing subject and the cognitive and ethical values of dance art
Founding community : a phenomenological-ethical inquiry
Phenomenology and the human sciences
The question of being in Husserl's Logical investigations
Quality enhancement in teacher education : Tanzanian teacher educators' conceptions and experiences
Doing developmental phenomenography
Realism and the background of phenomenology
Leibniz, Husserl, and the brain
Philosophy and phenomenology of the body
Divergencies of perception : the possibilities of Merleau-Pontian phenomenology in analyses of contemporary art
The Paris lectures
The idea of phenomenology
Intersubjectivity : the fabric of social becoming
Analytic and continental philosophy : methods and perspectives : proceedings of the 37th International Wittgenstein Symposium
A companion to Heidegger's Phenomenology of religious life
Discontinuity as theoretical foundation to pedagogy:existential phenomenology in Otto Friedrich Bollnow’s philosophy of education
Intersubjectivity revisited : phenomenology and the other
Philosophy today: Terms of continental philosophy: selected studies in phenomenology and existetial philosophy
Analecta Husserliana : the yearbook of phenomenological research
From sky and earth to metaphysics
Life : phenomenology of life as the starting point of philosophy = La vie : phénoménologie integrale de la vie comme point de départ de la philosophie
Shorter works
Languages of intentionality : a dialogue between two traditions on consciousness
Being-with information technology : critical explorations beyond use and design
Prophetic politics : Emmanuel Levinas and the sanctification of suffering
Quantified bodies in the checking loop : analyzing the choreographies of biomonitoring and generating big data
Experiencing phenomenology : an introduction
Japanese phenomenology : phenomenology as the trans-cultural philosophical approach
From reality to subject : a sympathetic, yet critical reading of Eliade
Dis-orientations : philosophy, literature and the lost grounds of modernity
Heidegger, medicine & 'scientific method' : the unheeded message of the Zollikon seminars
The essence of manifestation
Television and the meaning of 'live' : an enquiry into human situation
Transcendence and phenomenology
The concept of time
Professional development : the experiences of primary school teachers in Tanzania
Aesthetic engagement in museum exhibitions
This book explores the problem of time and immanence for phenomenology in the work of Edmund Husserl, Martin Heidegger, Maurice Merleau-Ponty, and Jacques Derrida. It provides an in-depth analysis of phenomenologys central notions of intentionality, immanence, and temporality, suggesting a new perspective on themes central to phenomenology and its development as a movement. The author raises for debate the question of where phenomenology begins and ends. Detailed readings of immanence in light of the more familiar problems of time-consciousness and temporality provide the framework for evaluating both Husserl's efforts to break free of modern philosophy's notions of immanence, and the influence Hiedegger's criticism of Husserl exercised over Merleau-Ponty's and Derrida's alternatives to Husserl's phenomenology.
Our place, my future and their project : reflecting children's lifeworld in education for sustainable development
Aesthetics as phenomenology : the appearance of things
Trust in superior-subordinate relationship : an empirical study in the context of learning
Philosophy embodied : Merleau-Ponty and feminist approach to eating 'disorders'
Discontinuity as theoretical foundation to pedagogy : existential phenomenology in Otto Friedrich Bollnow's philosophy of education
A companion to phenomenology and existentialism
The creation of the small New England town in Alice Hoffman's Massachusetts novels : a cultural imagological study
Necessary conditions of learning
A history of Western philosophy. 5, The twentieth century to Wittgenstein and Sartre
The phenomenological movement : a historical introduction. 2
Wallace Stevens and the demands of modernity : toward a phenomenology of value
Body and hope : a constructive interpretation of recent eschatology by means of the phenomenology of the body
Listening to patients : a phenomenological approach to nursing research and practice
In this book, Johanne S. Teglbjærg Kristensen analyses the relationship between body and hope. She critically investigates the eschatologies of Paul Tillich, Jürgen Moltmann and Wolfhart Pannenberg from the perspective of the phenomenology of the body represented by Maurice Merleau-Ponty. By focusing on the eschatological challenge of the body through a thematization of the issue of continuity, the author constructively interprets the classic eschatological themes of death, resurrection, judgement and the Second Coming. She shows how the classic eschatological issues of the relationship between time and eternity, as well as of the relationship between the individual and the community require new conceptions. By taking the phenomenology of the body into consideration, Teglbjærg Kristensen suggests both a new eschatological approach and a new conception of eschatology.
Psychoanalysis in a new light
The Body
The Good of Recognition analyses the polysemy of recognition operative in the thought of two contemporary French thinkers, Emmanuel Levinas (1906-1995) and Paul Ricoeur (1913-2005). Author Michael Sohn shows that recognition -- a concept most often associated with Hegel's works -- appears prominently throughout the works of Levinas and Ricoeur, which exist at the intersection of phenomenology, ethics, politics, and religion. Sohn situates recognition in the sociopolitical context of Levinas and Ricoeur and excavates the philosophical and religious sources that undergird the two thinkers' use of recognition before contextualizing recognition within the broader themes of their thought. By reflecting on phenomenology, ethics, and religion in "The Good of Recognition", Sohn not only shows how Levinas and Ricoeur articulated a response to the pervasive problems of nonrecognition and misrecognition in their day but also suggests how their thought can contribute to a better understanding of our contemporary social and political landscape. -- Review: "In this new and exciting book, Michael Sohn offers a fresh perspective on the concept of recognition by interfacing the ethical project of Emmanuel Levinas with the work of Paul Ricoeur. By interfacing these two figures in particular, Sohn also helps us see the similarities and differences in thinking through Christian and Jewish ethics, an important relation for both thinkers but certainly for readers of Emmanuel Levinas. His book is a significant contribution to the secondary literature not only on Levinas and Ricoeur, but also to those working thematically on recognition--including Hegel scholars, scholars working on psychoanalysis, and feminist theorist." -- Claire Katz, Professor of Philosophy & Women's & Gender Studies, Texas A&M University "Michael Sohn makes a significant contribution to the contemporary debates in philosophy of religion and political philosophy while pushing them in important new directions, impressively offering an account of recognition that is both theologically sophisticated and also historically aware. This book demonstrates that sophisticated work in continental philosophy can still be clear, lucid, and convincing." -- J Aaron Simmons, Assistant Professor of Philosphy, Furman University
Delimitations : phenomenology and the end of metaphysics
Strategies of qualitative inquiry
"Using resources of phenomenology to examine how we are able to engage in self-concealment, Mensch presents a unified theory of the role of the other in our relations to the world" -- Provided by publisher.
In defense of phenomenology : Merleau-Ponty's philosophy
How does a dark room appear : Husserl's illumination of the breakthrough of Logical investigations
Phenomenalism, phenomenology, and the question of time : a comparative study of the theories of Mach, Husserl, and Boltzmann
Husserl : a guide for the perplexed
Spinoza contra phenomenology : French rationalism from Cavaillès to Deleuze
Husserl and transcendental intersubjectivity : a response to the linguistic-pragmatic critique
Phenomenology and ontology
Phenomenology in ethnography
Ontology and alterity in Merleau-Ponty
Phenomenology and the problem of time
Mental representation and consciousness : towards a phenomenological theory of representation and reference
Collected works. Vol. 8, The idea of phenomenology
Phenomenology and logic
Towards the definition of philosophy : with a transcript of the lecture course "On the nature of the university and academic study"
Phenomenologies of art and vision : a post-analytic turn
What is film theory? : an introduction to contemporary debates
Ajatus : yearbook of the Philosophical society of Finland. 36, Aisthesis : essays on the philosophy of perception
Research mindedness for practice ; An interactive approach for nursing and health care
Summaries in Russian.
Science of communication : its phenomenological foundation
Phenomenology of the political
Infinite phenomenology : the lessons of Hegel's science of experience
Inscriptions : between phenomenology and structuralism
Speech act phenomenology
Fictive discourse and the structures of literature : a phenomenological approach
The Collegium Phaenomenologicum : the first ten years
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
Implementing improvisation and songwriting to aid the transition to adulthood for adolelescents with special needs : a case study
Women's experiences of changes in self-esteem following participation in psychodrama : a phenomenological investigation
Phenomenology, role, and reason : essays on the coherence and deformation of social reality
Memory and the self : phenomenology, science, and autobiography
Seeing the invisible : on Kandinsky
Analecta Husserliana
Phenomenology in anthropology : a sense of perspective
Transcendental phenomenology : an analytic account
Phenomenological inquiry in psychology : existential and transpersonal dimensions
Collected papers. 3, Studies in phenomenological philosophy
"Leibniz, Husserl and the Brain is about the structural relations between phenomenological and neurophysiological aspects of perception, consciousness and time. Its focus lies with auditory perception, since nearly all perceived qualities in hearing - such as pitch, rhythm and the localization or origin of a sound - are most intimately related to temporal patterns and regularities. Here striking analogies are shown between the structural features of perceptual states, as dealt with in philosophical phenomenology, and of their physical counterparts, as dealt with in neurophysiology. Accordingly, the comprehensive and consolidating references to the work of Leibniz and Husserl are not for philological reasons, but, rather, to work towards philosophical orientation in a conceptual maze. They allow for a fresh view on several issues in contemporary philosophy of mind and also in psychophysics - in particular, on the transition from unconscious to conscious states and on the constitution of time consciousness"--
Being there : new perspectives on phenomenology and the analysis of culture
Ideas : general introduction to pure phenomenology
Edmund Husserl : founder of phenomenology
Mircea Eliade is, or at least has been, the most heavily crticised scholar of religions. A number of critics have been discontented with his 'uncritical' way of using data to illustrate or assert his insights. It has been said that Eliade's presuppositions about the nature of reality and religion are not scientific but metaphysical or theological. Eliade's sympathisers, on the other hand, have tried to show that he does after all have a method, and that a careful reading demonstrates that either his presuppositions are no more unscientific that those of anyone else or they can be rethought in a scientifically acceptable way. My starting point is both sympathetic and critical. My question is, what is Eliade actually attempting to understand when he states that he wants to understand religion at its own level? He himself states that he wants to unmask the 'revelations' of the sacred, or - as he also says - the transcendent, and their significance for modern man, who has lost his comprehension of both the sacred and its meaning. This he can do, he argues, by recapturing the way in which 'primitive' and 'archaic' cultures and ancient and modern traditions outside mainstream religions have used symbols to establish a patterned, harmonised view of the world, or - as Eliade prefers to say - reality. Both Eliade's critics and his sympathisers presumably agree that Eliade's presuppositions include statements about the 'essence' of religion, about the nature of reality, and about the ways religion operates, or should operate, in human life, or mode-of-being-in-the-world; they also agree that one of Eliade's main concern in religious studies is with symbols. In my article, I deal with these four points (essence, reality, mode-of-being and symbols), proposing a reading of Eliade which emphasises the scholar's encounter with the subject and not the 'essence' of the matter under study. In my conclusion I suggest that studying the ways in which humans use symbols, which they connect with the 'real' to construct a 'mode-of-being' - or, as William Paden put it, a 'world' - is one way of going 'beyond' Eliade.
Saussure's philosophy of language as phenomenology : undoing the doctrine of the course in general linguistics
From the sacred to the divine : a new phenomenological approach
Phenomenological psychology : an introduction : with a glossary of some key Heideggerian terms
Religionswissenschaft as colonialist discourse : the case of Rudolf Otto
Our place, my future and their project:reflecting children’s lifeworld in education for sustainable development
Phenomenology : dialogues and bridges
Phenomenology and deconstruction. Vol. 4, Solitude
Abstract.
A philosophical anthropology of the cross : the cruciform self
The phenomenological movement : a historical introduction. Chapter 14, The essentials of the phenomenological method
The good of recognition : phenomenology, ethics, and religion in the thought of Levinas and Ricoeur
The logic of the living present : experience, ordering, onto-poiesis of culture
Phenomenology and education : selfconsciousness and its development
Introduction to phenomenological research
Biomonitoring digital devices have become popular in physical activities and are receiving intensive focus as motivational and support vehicles for health. The aim of this article is to develop a new theoretical framework to analyze biomonitoring from the two perspectives constituting the opposite ends of the big data spectrum: individual (micro) and institutional (macro). In applying phenomenology of the body, discussions of choreography, and Latour's actor-network theory, I seek to evolve a choreography-based approach that can outline feedback systems between embodied practices and the macrolevel choreography of big data. Health informatics data as economic and political assets are illustrated based on netnography. Netnographic methodology pays close attention to online fieldwork and media texts. Emphasizing the lived body in the analysis of knowledge infrastructure, I aim to contribute to the theoretical discussion of human-data interaction. The findings suggest that highly intimate, personal technology can distance people from their lived bodies.
The Routledge companion to phenomenology
Hermeneutics and reflection : Heidegger and Husserl on the concept of phenomenology
Being given : toward a phenomenology of givenness
Outside the subject
Phenomenology and the theory of science
Phenomenology of modern art : exploding Deleuze, illuminating style
Formal and transcendental logic
Phenomenology and the future of film : rethinking subjectivity beyond French cinema
Interaction for knowledge creation : a phenomenological study in Knowledge Management
Paul Ricoeur on hope : expecting the good
Phenomenology of perception
Phenomenology and the human sciences : a contribution to a new scientific ideal
The far reaches : phenomenology, ethics, and social renewal in central Europe
Experimental phenomenology : an introduction
Phenomenology
The possibility of a descriptive orientation to psycho-social work : towards the conceptual origins
Driving ability among people with stroke : developing assessments and exploring the lived-experience
Contemporary discussions of the image like to emphasize art's societal functions. Few studies come close to answering why pictures and sculptures fascinate and intrigue regardless of any practical functions they might serve. In this original, thought-provoking study, Paul Crowther reveals the intrinsic significance of pictures and sculptures. To address the question of how painting becomes an art, Crowther uses the analytic philosophy of Richard Wollheim as a starting point. But to sufficiently answer the question, he makes an important link to a tradition much more successful in giving voice to the deeper ontology of visual art - existential phenomenology. The result is a work that demonstrates the reciprocal relationship between phenomenology and analytic aesthetics. To expand its ontological scope and solve the problem of expression, analytic aesthetics needs phenomenology; while to develop a sustained, critically balanced, and intellectually available ontology, phenomenology needs the discursive force and lucidity of analytic philosophy. This convincing case for a post-analytic phenomenology of art is an important advancement of contemporary discussions of the philosophy of art.
Embodiment in Dalcroze Eurhythmics
Phenomenology of space and time : the forces of the cosmos and the ontopoietic genesis of life. Book one
Kairos : phenomenology and photography
The yearbook of phenomenological research
Being and nothingness
Basic writings : from Being and time (1927) to The task on thinking (1964)
The literary work of art : an investigation on the borderlines of ontology, logic, and theory of literature : with an appendix on the functions of language in the theater
Themes from Brentano
Necessary Conditions of Learning presents a research approach (phenomenography) and a theory (the variation theory of learning) introduced and developed by Ference Marton and taken up by his wide and varied following around the world—together with their practical applications in educational contexts. Reflecting Marton's whole lifetime's work, the unique and significant contribution of this book is to offer an evidence-based answer to the questions "How do we make novel meanings our own?" and "How do we learn to see things in more powerful ways?"       The presentation makes use of hundreds of empirical studies carried out in Europe and Asia which build on the theory. The line of reasoning and the way in which the examples are put together is consistent with the theory—it is both presented and applied. The main argument is that in order to learn we have to discern, and to discern the intended ideas we must be presented with carefully structured variation, against a background of invariance. We then go through processes of contrast, generalization, and fusion in order to make sense. These insights form a practical framework for those who design teaching and teaching materials. Necessary Conditions of Learning is a major original work for which scholars of pedagogical theory have been waiting a long time.
Understanding phenomenology
A hundred years of phenomenology : perspectives on a philosophical tradition
Beauty's appeal : measure and excess
Collected works. 12, The basic problems of phenomenology : from the lectures, winter semester, 1910-1911
Where are you? : an anthology of the cell phone
Heidegger explained : from phenomenon to thing
Cartesian meditations : an introduction to phenomenology
Phenomenology : an introduction
Nursing and the experience of illness : phenomenology in practice
Phenomenology = Fenomenologia : proceedings of the Symposium on Phenomenology in Jyväskylä 18.5.1988
The Blackwell guide to Hegel's phenomenology of spirit
