http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p298 mentoring
mentoring
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
International nurses' experiences and perceptions of their work orientation in Finnish health care
Mentoring novice teachers : fostering a dialogue process
Abstract.
Self-promotion for the creative person : get the word out about who you are and what you do
Training in interpersonal skills : TIPS for managing people at work
Action coaching : how to leverage individual performance for company success
Learning to mentor-as-praxis : foundations for a curriculum in teacher education
Issues in mentoring
Teacher mentoring and induction : the state of the art and beyond
The preceptors' experiences in precepting ELTDP nursing students in surgical clinical placements
Mentoring in nursing : a dynamic and collaborative process
Mentoring 101 : what every leader needs to know
Overcoming barriers to mentoring. Shore support for onboard mentoring. Developing a culture of mentoring. Anyone can be a mentor at sea and anyone can need mentoring - and it only takes 10 minutes to get started. This book explains how knowledge gained through experience, and then reflected upon, can be passed on in an informal but purposeful way. Every suggestion will take no more than 10 minutes to carry out but incorporating opportunities for mentoring into the daily onboard routine will widen and consolidate the on-the-job experience of those progressing through the ranks. It will also improve communications and enhance team-building and hopefully lead to a reduction in accidents and incidents. This practical guide sets the 10 minute challenge for potential mentors and candidates to identify concerns and practical solutions. Examples progress from the simple thought of the Master spending a few minutes with each of his watchkeeping officers daily to second or third officers bringing the vessel to anchor, or picking up a pilot, under the Master's supervision.
How to be an effective supervisor : best practice in research student supervision
Coaching and mentoring : what they are and how to make the most of them
Teachers as mentors : a practical guide
Mentoring at work : developmental relationships in organizational life
Hospitality leadership lessons in French gastronomy : the story of Guy and Franck Savoy
The induction phase as a critical transition for newly qualified teachers
Co-active leadership : five ways to lead
Mentoring in the sign language interpreting profession
Coaching in education : getting better results for students, educators, and parents
Newly qualified teachers in northern Europe : comparative perspectives on promoting professional development
Mingling in Paedeia Café : student teachers' experiences of participating in peer-mentoring groups of pre-service and in-service teachers
Why do teachers want to become mentors?
"Engage your employees with a mentoring program that spans across the generations. With a workforce full of varying degrees of experience, the focus is often on the challenges of balancing a multigenerational staff. But what can be overlooked is what these generations can learn from each other. Senior members in organizations have expressed that they continually want to learn--and not only teach. These findings lead Reitman and Benatti to create the Mentoring Partnership Model, which is a way for new and seasoned employees to partner and learn from each other. This book is a two-part presentation of how to implement this model into your organization: a facilitator's handbook outlining the process and a participant's workbook complete with worksheets and templates. Use the Mentoring Partnership Model to pass on knowledge and retain and engage employees. Covers the characteristics of an effective mentor and why mentoring works. Offers step-by-step instructions of each stage of the program. Includes the worksheets, evaluation forms, and checklists to use in your program." --
The Economist guide to management ideas and gurus
The organizational and human dimensions of successful mentoring programs and relationships
Sharing expertise and social communities through peer mentoring
The elements affecting the success of the pilot mentoring project at Siemens Osakeyhtiö
Mentoring : how to develop successful mentor behaviors
Development of mentoring process : case: Pirkanmaan Yrityskummit Ry
Knowledge sharing in the context of mentoring
Everyone needs a mentor : fostering talent in your organization
Based on methods developed - and proven – in business, this highly practical book will show you how mentoring works, take you step-by-step through everything you need to know and do, and show you how both parties can get the best from the relationship.
Double your income doing what you love : Raymond Aaron's guide to power mentoring
Mentor's professional competences and their expression in supervising students' practice in pre-school educational institutions : summary of doctoral dissertation, social sciences, education science (07S) = Mentoriaus profesinės kompetencijos ir jų raiška vadovaujant studentų praktikai ikimokyklinėje ugdymo institucijoje : daktaro disertacijos santrauka, socialiniai mokslai, edukologija (07S)
Successful induction for new teachers : a guide for NQTs and induction tutors, coordinators and mentors
Business Coaching & Mentoring For Dummies explores effective coaching strategies that guide you in coaching and mentoring your colleagues. With insight into key coaching concepts and an impressive range of tools, this easy-to-use resource helps you transform your team--and yourself in the process! Written from the perspective of a business coach, this comprehensive book explores the practical coaching skill set, tools, and techniques that will help you along your way, and explains how to identify who to coach, what to coach, how to coach, and when to coach. Whether you have experience in a coaching and mentoring role or you're new to the coaching game, this is a valuable must-have resource.
Interdisciplinary Mentoring in Science: Strategies for Success is a practical and engaging resource on interdisciplinary mentoring in all fields of science. This book outlines what successful mentoring is, what it is not and how these important concepts relate to scientists today. Chapters include real-world examples, tips, and interviews and content is backed by current evidence and research. This reference discusses the benefits and challenges of building a mentoring relationship and highlights noteworthy topics such as mentoring minorities and women and mentoring to achieve change. The book's author is the recipient of the Leading Diversity Award from the National Cancer Institute. The book includes a foreword by Julie Thompson Klein who is a Professor of Humanities, English/Interdisciplinary Studies and Faculty Fellow in the Office for Teaching and Learning at Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan. Dr. Klein is the past president of the Association for Integrative Studies (AIS) and former editor of the AIS journal, Issues in Integrative Studies. The goal of this book is to provide readers with a better understanding of the mentoring relationship and the overall process as it applies to the increasingly interdisciplinary field of science. Highlights mistaken beliefs about mentoring within a scientific environmentWritten in a conversational tone and supported by evidence-based researchFocuses on interdisciplinary mentoring in science and the modern dynamic of science and new scientific approaches to complex approachesIncludes note sections where readers can write down key topics or ideas from each chapter.
Forget a mentor, find a sponsor : the new way to fast-track your career
This text provides a comprehensive treatment using multiple theoretical perspectives to understand and examine all workplace relationships. It helps readers broaden and enrich the ways they think about workplace relationships and their role in organizational processes.
Co-active coaching : changing business, transforming lives
When Co-Active Coaching was first released, this pioneering work set the stage for what has become a cultural and business phenomenon, and helped launch the professional practice of coaching. Already used as the definitive resource in dozens of corporate and professional development programs, the fully revised third edition of Co-Active Coaching has been updated to include the latest terminology and a variety of fresh coaching examples drawn from the authors firsthand experiences with thousands of international coaching trainees and clients. In this edition, the authors extend the use of the Co-Active Model which emphasized a partnership between client and coach into leadership management, featuring its effectiveness throughout an organization. The Coach s Toolkit , now web-based, has been expanded to include more than 35 exercises, questionnaires, checklists and reproducible forms.
A practical guide to mentoring : play an active and worthwhile part in the development of others, and improve your own skills in the process
Excellence in coaching : the industry guide
Strengths coaching in 90 minutes
Interdisciplinary mentoring in science : strategies for success
The novice language teacher's guide to survival : dialogue between the new and the experienced language teacher
Two styles of mentoring : a comparison of vertical and horizontal mentoring in dance
Effective coaching
Developing successful diversity mentoring programmes : an international casebook
Mentoring and the four temperaments theory
Mentor courses : a resource book for trainer-trainers
A model for work-based learning
Mentoring in nursing and healthcare : a practical approach
Managerial success, mentoring and goal orientation : the Malaysian perspective
The reflecting glass : professional coaching for leadership development
Mentoring executives and directors
The situational mentor : an international review of competencies and capabilities in mentoring
Abstract: The purpose of this qualitative study was to explore the experiences of preceptors in mentoring English Language Taught Degree programme (ELTDP) international nursing students in clinical practice in medical setting. Five registered nurses (RNs) with minimum of three years' experience of preceptoring ELTDP international nursing students were interviewed. The interviews were digitally recorded and data from the interviews were transcribed verbatim then analyzed using inductive content analysis. There were four main categories that emerged from the data. The first was challenges/barriers to learning with generic categories such as communication, competency, lack of motivation, and stress and pressure. The second main category was profitable teaching style with generic categories: learning by doing, preceptor-preceptee relationship and motivation. The third and fourth main categories were external (nursing schools) and internal (wards) support respectively. Language skills, cultural differences, staff nurses' negative attitude towards students pose barriers to successful learning outcomes. Participants expressed that planning beforehand, creating a friendly environment for learning; assigning duties to students and open-mindedness are profitable teaching strategies. The need for preparatory courses for preceptors and more awareness of ELTDP international nursing students in the ward if a more successful learning outcome is to be achieved is recommended.
Mentoring : contemporary principles and issues
Mentoring tutor's professional growth
Get ready for coaching
"This revised edition of the highly-respected Leadership Coaching will enhance and extend your coaching practice. It draws on evidence-based thinking and the writing of some of the world's top leadership thinkers and coaching practitioners to present a start-of-the-art coverage of leadership models and how to use them effectively to benefit your coaching relationships. Leaders face many challenges, and this book will challenge you to adapt your coaching approach to suit your clients' needs. Its coverage ranges from newer topics such as strengths focused leadership and conversational leadership to more tried-and-tested frameworks such as Porter's strategy model and Goleman's model of leadership styles. It also has a deliberately international flavour, incorporating non-Western perspectives from Asia and Africa and considering multinational topics like coaching global boards"--
The mentee's Guide : making mentoring work for you
The handbook of mentoring at work : theory, research, and practice
Don't just do something, sit there : an introduction to non-directive coaching
A practical guide to mentoring, coaching, and peer-networking : teacher professional development in schools and colleges
Mentoring student teachers : the growth of professional knowledge
Learning at work and around the coffee mugs : induction and mentoring in the educational sense
The nurse mentor's companion
One + one is more than two : a dialogical mentor relationship
Stand by me : the risks and rewards of mentoring today's youth
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 2, guidance for programme teacher
ETEN Conference 2009
Mentoring : a success guide for mentors and protégés
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 4, guidance for student nurse
Excellence in Coaching is the definitive guide to best practice in the coaching profession, presenting the latest thinking on key approaches and professional issues.
Learning by helping : a bounded rationality model of mentoring
Coaching for leadership : the practice of leadership coaching from the world's greatest coaches
Harvard business review on advancing your career
Mentoring for the professions : orienting toward the future
Mentoring Pocketbook
Coaching and mentoring for dummies
Mentoring - coaching : a guide for education professionals
Mentoring students & young people : a handbook of effective practice
Coaching skills : a handbook
Coaching leaders : guiding people who guide others
Business coaching : achieving practical results through effective engagement
The successful coaching manager : a managerś guide to coaching individuals and teams effectively
Knowledge transfer in mentorship : business student's experiences of mentoring program
Mentors' perceptions of teacher practice at the School of Vocational Teacher Education in Oulu, Finland
Preceptors' experience in preceptoring ELTDP international nursing students in medical setting
Successful mentoring in nursing
"This book successfully combines scholarly work with practical, easy-to-understand advice that has appeal even beyond nursing and healthcare. It provides a view of mentoring that is much deeper than most readers would expect. The connection the author makes between empowering mentors and mentees and successful organizations provides readers with a sense of hope for improvement and change in the workplace environment. Bravo!"--Doody's Medical Reviews Thoroughly updated with new content and wide revisions, this award-winning text provides educators and practitioners with the perspectives and skills they need to bring the next generation of educators, researchers, and clinicians to the forefront of nursing—whether in academia, the hospital or health care facility, and/or through their professional nursing organization. Completely new content includes: Best practices in mentoring and menteeing Real-life exemplars of effective mentoring Discussion of newest research on mentoring, precepting, and coaching Relationship of mentoring culture and healthy environments in health care Creating collaborative mentorships with the interdisciplinary health team Working across generations in nursing: mentor to mentee Maximizing effective leadership through mentoring Future implications for mentoring in the profession Annotated bibliography of key references Topics that have been revised include perceptions of definitions and components of the mentoring process, empowering versus enabling others, the mentor and mentee perspective of mentoring experience, models and strategies of different types of mentoring, creating a mentoring culture, strategies of mentoring for personal and professional improvement, and measurement of mentoring outcomes.Key Features: Presents case studies of effective mentoring relationships Provides numerous and varied mentoring strategies and models Includes suggestions for measuring outcomes of mentoring Offers best practices in mentoring, precepting, and coaching
Developing a career promotion model for Romanian football referees
Creating a mentoring program : mentoring partnerships across the generations
Faculty mentoring : the power of students in developing technology expertise
Smart nursing : nurse retention & patient safety improvement strategies
Mentoring mathematics teachers : supporting and inspiring pre-service and newly qualified teachers
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 3, guidance for mentors
A work guidebook for Finnish Ice Hockey Association regional girl's hockey instructors
Improving employee performance through workplace coaching : a practical guide to performance management
Facilitating reflective learning through mentoring & coaching
Designer Profile Model : a mentors tool for understanding the design persona of mature students
The Blackwell handbook of mentoring : multiple perspectives approach
Assessing initiation training and mentoring of priests in the congregation of Riihimäki
Song on my lips : jazz greats were my mentors
Entering mentoring : a seminar to train a new generation of scientists
Mentoring in education : an international perspective
Coaching : evoking excellence in others
The best mentoring experience : a framework for professional development
Mentoring as dialogue, collaboration and/or assessment?
The mentoring manual
Leadership coaching : working with leaders to develop elite performance
Mentoring, learning and assessment in clinical practice : a guide for nurses, midwives and other health professionals
Mastering employee development
The business coach
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
Mentoring has emerged as an essential and effective process for developing teacher practice. The holistic student-centred guidance model is utilised to define the mentors' roles and inputs in the teacher practice mentoring process. The purpose of this article is to describe mentors' perceptions of mentoring teacher students in teacher practice at the School of Vocational Teacher Education in Oulu, Finland. The material for the development project was collected by conducting an inquiry at the beginning of mentors' guidance training. The study participants included 21 mentors from different vocational schools. In the mentoring process, the interaction and cooperation between mentor and mentee plays an essential role. Mentors' perceptions of their role in mentoring focus mainly on educational guidance and personal guidance. According to the findings, more attention could be focused on mentoring teacher students' vocational development during teacher practice. The results can be used in developing the mentors' guidance training.
Bridge over troubled water : new perspectives on teacher induction
Mentoring at Sea : the 10 minute challenge
Developing doctoral student mentoring through narrative teaching strategies
Introduction to career counselling & coaching
New directions in mentoring : creating a culture of synergy
Human resource management issues in accounting and audit firms : a research perspective
Individual guidance and communal experience : mentoring in support of student teachers' professional development
Guiding lights : how to mentor-- and find life's purpose
Maximum mentoring : an action guide for teacher trainers and cooperating teachers
Teachers mentoring teachers : a practical approach to helping new and experienced staff
Towards active citizenship : Friskie Programme as a professional method for guidance
Business leadership and the lessons from sport
Business coaching & mentoring for dummies
The art of mentoring : how you can be a superb mentor
Coaching and mentoring in higher education : a learning-centred approach
What should a student know?
Apprentice Training in Construction Company Ltd
The future MBA : 100 ideas for making sustainability the business of business education
Fast facts for career success in nursing : making the most of mentoring in a nutshell
Mentors' perceptions of teacher practice : a  case study of the School of Vocational Teacher Education
This edited volume brings together conceptual and empirical work from various professional fields to inform a perspective on mentoring that goes beyond what is needed for today and orients toward what is needed for the future in order to promote healthy and productive organizations.
Mentoring in schools: a handbook of good practise
Coaching with NLP : how to be a master coach
Interactional leadership and how to coach it : the art of the choice-focused leader
Beyond teaching to mentoring
Be your own mentor : strategies from top women on the secrets of success
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 1, introduction to programme implementation
Coaching and mentoring : practical conversations to improve learning
Techniques for coaching and mentoring
The mentoring manual : your step by step guide to being a better mentor
The Blackwell handbook of mentoring : a multiple perspectives approach
The coach U personal and corporate coach training handbook
Searching for e-mentoring practices for SME staff development
The objective of this article is to consider e-mentoring models applicable for SME staff development. The article examines a study conducted collaboratively between a university of applied sciences and entrepreneurial organisation, ascertaining organisation members' interest in e-mentoring for professional development. In this Finnish case, entrepreneurs' skill deficits and e-mentoring's possibilities as a learning support are identified, and the practicality and meaningfulness of different e-mentoring forms examined. The results indicate e-mentoring is expected to facilitate support from experienced entrepreneurs in practical professional development. Peer mentoring online was slightly preferred over one-on-one expert e-mentoring.
Organization and effectiveness of induction programs for new teachers
Manager's guide to mentoring
Coaching, mentoring and organizational consultancy : supervision, skills and development
Mentoring in further education : meeting the national occupational standards
On being a mentor : a guide for higher education faculty
Teachers as mentors : models for promoting achievement with disadvantaged and underrepresented students by creating community
Managing others : teams and individuals
Abstract: In Finland, statistics show that the number of students from diverse cultures is increasing every year. Nursing students who study under the English Language Degree Taught Program (ELTDP) spend nearly half of their study program in clinical placements for their internship according to the European Union and nursing schools' directives. These  students need guidance and support from preceptors throughout their clinical placements. Our descriptive qualitative study was designed to explore the preceptors' experiences in precepting ELTDP nursing students in surgical clinical placements. We conducted semi-structured interviews with open-ended questions with four registered nurses from surgical wards within the Metropolitan region. Inductive content analysis was adapted in data analysis. Preceptors were aware of their role of precepting; teaching, motivating and supporting. Integrating ELTDP nursing students to the Finnish working culture and translation emerged as new roles for the preceptors. These were perceived to be confusing and time consuming due to the use of two languages simultaneously. In spite of that, preceptors were happy about meeting new people and the cultural enrichment that ELTDP nursing students brought with them. In addition, preceptors appreciated more support from nursing school teachers through consistent communication. They were of the opinion that they could get financial rewards for precepting and healthcare organizations (employers) could encourage all nurses to precept and allocate them time to attend the organized education sessions during their normal working time. In the future, the experiences of ELTDP nursing students' preceptors in Finnish healthcare organizations could be researched further.
Coaching, counseling & mentoring : how to choose & use the right technique to boost employee performance
Mentoring in action : a practical guide
Effective teacher induction and mentoring : assessing the evidence
