http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2989 political prisoners
political prisoners
In the beginning was the end
Barbarism in Greece : a young American lawyer's inquiry into the use of torture in contemporary Greece, with case histories and documents
The survivor : an anatomy of life in the death camps
The Barefoot Lawyer : Memoir of China's Bravest Political Activist
Laogai, the Chinese Gulag
The old garden
Village of secrets : Defying the Nazis in Vichy France
Memoirs from the women's prison
Against all hope : the prison memoirs of Armando Valladares
Gathering seaweed : African prison writing
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
The diary of a Gulag prison guard
The Kirilov star
Chile is not alone
Prisoners of fear
Unforced labors : the memoirs of Ada Federolf and Selected prose of Ariadna Efron
Meeting of the Juridical Sub-Commission of the International Commission of Enquiry into the Crimes of the Military Junta in Chile : documents : Berlin, German Democratic Republic, 6 February 1977.
The road to freedom : Taiwan's postwar human rights movement
On the bridge of nothingness : poems
Till my tale is told : women's memoirs of the Gulag
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
No enemies, no hatred : selected essays and poems
Kl : a history of the Nazi concentration camps
Detained : a writer's prison diary
Guantanamo : if the light goes out
Everything flows
Softening without liberalization in the Soviet Union : the case of Jüri Kukk
A world apart
1000 lashes : because I say what I think
The whole world knows the face of the young man with the bright black eyes. He is in the process of becoming an icon, a symbol, similar to the famous photo of Che Guevara. The face is that of Raif Badawi, who was nominated for the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize. Arrested in Saudi Arabia, he was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment and 1000 lashes - a de facto death sentence. The woman who succeeded in getting such people as Barack Obama and Prince Charles to appeal personally to the Saudi King for Badawi's release is his wife, Ensaf Haidar, who began the campaign to free her husband with a self-painted poster in front of a small church in Sherbrooke, Canada. When Raif Badawi and Ensaf Haidar fell in love with each other as adolescents, they did so in violation of every moral precept in the strictly Islamic Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. During their clandestine love affair, the young couple had no idea that, more than a decade later, Ensaf's love for Raif would attract the attention of politicians from around the world as the blogger's wife now mobilises global public opinion in an effort to save her husband from murder at the hands of the Saudi judiciary. With a courage born of desperation, she is fighting from exile in Canada to secure the release of the father of her three children, and is bringing great pressure to bear on the murderous regime in her native country. Ensaf Haidar tells Raif's and her own story: the story of their shared liberal ideas and her fight for her husband's release.
Auschwitz and after
The true confessions of an albino terrorist
Political prisoner Hyun Woo is freed after eighteen years to find no trace of the world he knew. The friends with whom he shared utopian dreams are gone. His Seoul is unrecognizably transformed and aggressively modernized. Yoon Hee, the woman he loved, died three years ago. A broken man, he drifts toward a small house in Kalmoe, where he and Yoon Hee once stole a few fleeting months of happiness while fleeing the authorities. In the company of her diaries, Hyum Woo relives and reviews his life, trying to find meaning in the revolutionary struggle that consumed their youth--a youth of great energy and optimism, victim to implacable history. He weighs the worth of his own life, spent in prison, and that of the strong-willed artist Yoon Hee, whose involvement in rebel groups took her to Berlin and the fall of the Wall. With great poignancy, Hwang Sok-yong grapples with the immortal questions--the endurance of love, the price of a commitment to causes--while depicting a generation that sacrificed youth, liberty, and often life for the dream of a better tomorrow. Born in 1943, Hwang Sok-yong is a Korean writer of world renown and the recipient of numerous international awards and honors. His work, which grapples with the troubled recent history of his divided country, has been the cause of his imprisonment, his exile, and finally that rare achievement of a wide readership and appreciation in both North and South Korea. The Old Garden is, by the author's own admission, his most deeply autobiographical work.
The Gulag Archipelago, 1918-1956
Becoming a subject : political prisoners during the Greek Civil War
Voices from the Gulag
Gulag voices : an anthology
Sixteen years in the land of death
The Guantánamo files : the stories of the 774 detainees in America's illegal prison
Who are political prisoners? : analysis of the dialog between the government, NGOs and the Council of Europe : the case of Azerbaijan
Darkness at noon
Shcharansky : hero of our time
Captive in Iran : a remarkable true story of hope and triumph amid the horror of Tehran’s brutal Evin Prison
The noise of time
My father Rudolf Hess
Prisoner of the state : the secret journal of Zhao Ziyang
Formations of violence : the narrative of the body and political terror in Northern Ireland
Nelson Mandela
Martyrs of Magadan : memories of the Gulag
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi
Albania : political imprisonment and the law
The trial of József Grʺosz and his accomplices
Nationalist in the Viet Nam wars : memoirs of a victim turned soldier
More than just a game
Convoy to Auschwitz : women of the French resistance
Dreaming of Baghdad
Chile yes, Pinochet no.
Terror and violence as an institutionalized system in Chile : Luxembourg, Europe House, September 25th, 1977
The cold summer of 1953
"An incredible memoir of North Korea by a woman who defied the government to keep her family alive. Born in 1970s North Korea, Lucia Jang grew up in a typical household--her parents worked in the factories and the family scraped by on rationed rice and a small garden. Nightly, she bowed to her photo of Kim Il-Sung. But it was the beginning of a chaotic period with a decade-long famine resulting in more than a million deaths. In this harsh time, Jang married an abusive man who sold their baby. She left him and went home to help her family by illegally crossing the river to China to trade goods. She was caught and imprisoned twice. After giving birth to a second child, which the government ordered to be killed, she escaped with him, fleeing under gunfire across the Chinese border. This stunning demonstration of love and courage reflects the range of experiences many North Korean women have endured--loss of a child, starvation, imprisonment, and trafficking"--Provided by publisher.
My second university : memories from Romanian communist prisons
This human season
The Death of Jüri Kukk: A Case Study in Erratic Repression
Report of conference on women, human rights and mission, Venice, Italy, June 24-30, 1979
Escape from camp 14 : one man's remarkable odyssey from North Korea to freedom in the west
A prisoner in the garden : opening Nelson Mandela's prison archive
Mayada : daughter of Iraq : one women's survival in Saddam Hussein's torture jail
Report from the Beria Reserve : the protest writings of Valentyn Moroz
Conscience be my guide : an anthology of prison writings
China : no one is safe
More than just a game : football v apartheid : the most important football story ever told
Raif Badawi, the voice of freedom : my husband, our story
Can't jail the spirit : political prisoners in the U.S. : a collection of biographies
R. Vogeler, E. Sanders and their accomplices before the criminal court
The gulag Archipelago 1918-1956
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Torture : when the unthinkable is morally permissible
Terry Nation's Blake's 7
A voice in the wilderness : letters, appeals, essays
The ancient garden
On our knees, never! : prisoner of the Chilean Junta speaks
On the bridge of nothingness : Poems, written in forest, prison, prison camp
The search : personal papers
Land of the blind
Conversations with myself
Detention and denial : the case for candor after Guantánamo
Between two worlds : my life and captivity in Iran
Time was on our side
My life in prison : memoirs of a Chinese political dissident
Values and violence in Auschwitz : a sociological analysis
Stars between the Sun and Moon : one woman's life in North Korea and escape to freedom
Attachment patterns, coping, emotional processing and therapy alliance in recovery from trauma
The disappearance of arrested persons in Chile
A piece of truth
