http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2987 prisoners of conscience
prisoners of conscience
Woman from Shanghai : tales of survival from a Chinese labor camp
Letters to my torturer : love, revolution, and imprisonment in Iran
On trial : the case of Sinyavsky (Tertz) and Daniel (Arzhak)
Detained : a writer's prison diary
Letters to my torturer : love, revolution, and imprisoment in Iran
Perfect hostage : a life of Aung San Suu Kyi
Words will break cement : the passion of Pussy Riot
Long walk to freedom : the autobiography of Nelson Mandela
The treatment of prisoners under international law
The archivist's story
The struggle for modern Tibet : the autobiography of Tashi Tsering
Remolding and resistance among writers of the Chinese prison camp : disciplined and published
F : Hu Feng's prison years
Alexander Solzhenitsyn : a century in his life
The Barefoot Lawyer : Memoir of China's Bravest Political Activist
Letters from Burma
My testimony
Captive in Iran: a remarkable true story of hope and triumph amid the horror of Tehran's brutal Evin Prision
The lady
Higher than hope : the authorized biography of Nelson Mandela
Aung San Suu Kyi : a portrait in words and pictures
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi
The politics of cruelty : an essay on the literature of political imprisonment
Dietrich Bonhoeffer : reality and resistance
Prison writings
Perfect hostage : a life of Aung San Suu Kyi, Burma's prisoner of conscience
Life and death in Shanghai
The Tribune
Prisoners of conscience in the USSR : their treatment and conditions : an Amnesty International report
The philosophy steamer : Lenin and the exile of the intelligentsia
Encyclopedia of genocide. Vol. 2, I-Y
The search : personal papers
The victims return : survivors of the Gulag after Stalin
Father Arseny : a cloud of witnesses
The diary of a Gulag prison guard
Apartheid's rebels : inside South Africa's hidden war
Like water on stone : the story of Amnesty International
Encyclopedia of genocide
Fire under the snow : (testimony of a Tibetan prisoner)
Mandela : a biography
General conclusion (s. 303-306).
The Spanish holocaust : inquisition and extermination in twentieth-century Spain
Epistolary Korea : letters in the communicative space of the Chosŏn, 1392-1910
The doctors' plot of 1953
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi of Burma
Sakharov : a biography
Petre Tutea : between sacrifice and suicide
The great terror : Stalin's purge of the thirties
Poliitilised arreteerimised Eestis 1940-1988 (§58) = Political arrests in Estonia 1940-1988 (§58). Kõide 1
Mandela : an illustrated autobiography
Conscience be my guide : an anthology of prison writings
Pussy Riot : the movie
"By expanding the definition of "epistle" to include any writing that addresses the intended receiver directly, JaHyun Kim Haboush introduces readers to the rich epistolary practice of Chosŏn Korea. The Chosŏn dynasty (1392-1910) produced an abundance of epistles, writings that mirror the genres of neighboring countries (especially China) while retaining their own specific historical trajectory. Written in both literary Chinese and vernacular Korean, the writings collected here range from royal public edicts to private letters, a fascinating array that blurs the line between classical and everyday language and the divisions between men and women. Haboush's selections also recast the relationship between epistolography and the concept of public and private space. Haboush groups her epistles according to where they were written and read : public letters, letters to colleagues and friends, social letters, and family letters. Then she arranges them according to occasion : letters on leaving home, deathbed letters, letters of fiction, and letters to the dead. She examines the mechanics of epistles, their communicative space, and their cultural and political meaning. With its wholly unique collection of materials, "Epistolary Korea" produces more than a vivid chronicle of pre- and early modern Korean life. It breaks new ground in establishing the terms of a distinct, non-European form of epistolography."-- Back cover.
The life of Schema-nun Nila
Long neglected by European historians, the unspeakable atrocities of Franco's Spain are finally brought to tragic light in this definitive work by Paul Preston, the world's foremost historian of 20th-century Spain
The Doctors' Plot
Shcharansky : hero of our time
Prisoners of conscience in the USSR : their treatment and conditions
Mandela : the authorised biography
Prisoner without a name, cell without a number
Can't jail the spirit : political prisoners in the U.S. : a collection of biographies
