http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2988 dissidents
dissidents
Irving Howe : a life of passionate dissent
Going the distance : dissident subjectivity in modernist American literature
In search of a nation : histories of authority & dissidence in Tanzania
Can jokes bring down governments?
The drama of dissent : the radical poetics of Nonconformity, 1380-1590
Uncensored Russia : protest and dissent in the Soviet Union : the unofficial Moscow journal A chronicle of current events
Stalin and his hangmen : an authoritative portrait of a tyrant and those who served him
Death of a dissident : the poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko and the return of the KGB
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
The great terror : Stalin's purge of the thirties
Crisis of doubt : honest faith in nineteenth-century England
Assault on ideology : Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn's political thought
Khrushchev's cold summer : Gulag returnees, crime, and the fate of reform after Stalin
The art of moral protest : culture, biography, and creativity in social movements
The lady
Copperheads : the rise and fall of Lincoln's opponents in the North
Protestant nonconformist texts. Volume 2, The eighteenth century
Alarm and hope
Freedom of expression : the acid test
The KGB file of Andrei Sakharov
Aliens and Dissenters : Federal Suppression of Radicals, 1903-33
Dissent in Ukraine : an underground journal from Soviet Ukraine
The Barefoot Lawyer : Memoir of China's Bravest Political Activist
My life in prison : memoirs of a Chinese political dissident
No enemies, no hatred : selected essays and poems
Dissent in the years of Khrushchev : nine stories about disobedient Russians
Protestant nonconformist texts. Volume 3, The nineteenth century
Pomarańczowa alternatywa - happeningiem w komunizm : Happening against communism by the Orange alternative
In this timely book, Cass R. Sunstein shows that organizations and nations are far more likely to prosper if they welcome dissent and promote openness. Attacking political correctness in all forms, Sunstein demonstrates that corporations, legislatures, even presidents are likely to blunder if they do not cultivate a culture of candor and disclosure. He shows that unjustified extremism, including violence and terrorism, often results from failure to tolerate dissenting views. The tragedy is that blunders and cruelties could be avoided if people spoke out. Sunstein casts new light on freedom of speech, showing that a free society not only forbids censorship but also provides public spaces for dissenters to expose widely held myths and pervasive injustices. He provides evidence about the effects of conformity and dissent on the federal courts. The evidence shows not only that Republican appointees vote differently from Democratic appointees but also that both Republican and Democratic judges are likely to go to extremes if unchecked by opposing views. Understanding the need for dissent illuminates countless social debates, including those over affirmative action in higher education, because diversity is indispensable to learning. Dissenters are often portrayed as selfish and disloyal, but Sunstein shows that those who reject pressures imposed by others perform valuable social functions, often at their own expense. This is true for dissenters in boardrooms, churches, unions, and academia. It is true for dissenters in the White House, Congress, and the Supreme Court. And it is true during times of war and peace.
Index on censorship. Vol. 4, no. 1.
Soviet dissenters and social structure in the USSR
Aung San Suu Kyi : a portrait in words and pictures
The other founders : Anti-Federalism and the dissenting tradition in America, 1788-1828
Death of a dissident : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Antipolitical Central Europe : East Central European dissidents and the idea of Central Europe in the 1980s
Dissident geographies : an introduction to radical ideas and practice
Resistance is futile! Impacts of repression on dissident activity
The American protest essay and national belonging : addressing division
Tiananmen : the rape of Peking
New ghosts, old dreams : Chinese rebel voices
The legacy of Soviet dissent : dissidents, democratisation and radical nationalism in Russia
Freethinkers, libertines and Schwärmer heterodoxy in German literature, 1750-1800
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi of Burma
Worlds of dissent : Charter 77, the Plastic People of the Universe, and Czech culture under communism
Literary dissent in Communist China
The Waldensian dissent : persecution and survival, c. 1170-c. 1570
Of love and shadows
Solzhenitsyn, Tvardovsky, and Novy mir
On soviet dissent : interviews with Piero Ostellino
Why societies need dissent
Shcharansky : hero of our time
Bad elements : Chinese rebels from Los Angeles to Beijing
Kicking the Kremlin : Russia's new dissidents and the battle to topple Putin
Long neglected by European historians, the unspeakable atrocities of Franco's Spain are finally brought to tragic light in this definitive work by Paul Preston, the world's foremost historian of 20th-century Spain
Walking a tightrope : defending human rights in China
Solzhenitsyn : a pictorial autobiography
On trial : the case of Sinyavsky (Tertz) and Daniel (Arzhak)
Dissent in the USSR : politics, ideology, and people
Ai Weiwei's blog : writings, interviews, and digital rants, 2006-2009
Power and subversion in Byzantium : papers from the 43rd Spring Symposium of Byzantine Studies, University of Birmingham, March 2010
The museological unconscious : communal (post) modernism in Russia
In quest of justice : protest and dissent in the Soviet Union today
In search of civil society : independent peace movements in the Soviet bloc
Unofficial Russia
The struggle for modern Tibet : the autobiography of Tashi Tsering
Making history : Czech voices of dissent and the Revolution of 1989
Did somebody say totalitarianism? : five interventions in the (mis)use of a notion
Sakharov : a biography
Public opinion and changing identities in the early modern Netherlands : essays in honour of Alastair Duke
Index on censorship. Vol. 2, no. 4.
The Verso book of dissent : from Spartacus to the Shoe-Thrower of Baghdad
Political dissent in democratic Athens : intellectual critics of popular rule
Censorship : a world encyclopedia
The walls behind the curtain : East European prison literature, 1945-1990
The voices of the silent
Seeds of fire : Chinese voices of conscience
Sedition : everyday resistance in the Soviet Union under Khrushchev and Brezhnev
The unpersuadables : adventures with the enemies of science
Raif Badawi, the voice of freedom : my husband, our story
Andrei Siniavskii : a hero of his time?
The religion of Irish dissent, 1650-1800
The heirs of Stalin : dissidence and the Soviet regime, 1953-1970
The Self : personal journeys to contemporary art : the 1960s-80s in Soviet Latvia
Tiananmen exiles / : voices of the struggle for democracy in China
The vexing case of Igor Shafarevich, a Russian political thinker
The archivist's story
A cold red sunrise : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Political action in Václav Havel's thought : the responsibility of resistance
Religious dissent and the Aikin-Barbauld circle, 1740-1860
Sophisticated rebels : the political culture of European dissent 1968-1987
"Recent criticism is now fully appreciating the nuanced and complex contribution made by Dissenters to the culture and ideas of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries in Britain. This is the first sustained study of a Dissenting family - the Aikins - from the 1740s to the 1860s. Essays by literary critics, historians of religion and science, and geographers explore and contextualise the achievements of this remarkable family, including John Aikin senior, tutor at the celebrated Warrington Academy, and his children, poet Anna Letitia Barbauld, and John Aikin junior, literary physician and editor. The latter's children in turn were leading professionals and writers in the early Victorian era. This study provides new perspectives on the social and cultural importance of the family and their circle - an untold story of collaboration and exchange, and a narrative which breaks down period boundaries to set Enlightenment and Victorian culture in dialogue"--
Power and dissent in imperial Japan : three forms of political engagement
Kinder than solitude : a novel
Essays in dissent : church, chapel, and the Unitarian conspiracy
Written here, published there : how underground literature crossed the iron curtain
Václav Havel : a political tragedy in six acts
The city and the city
Dissent in Eastern Europe
A very expensive poison : the definitive story of the murder of Litvinenko and Russia's war with the West
The Spanish holocaust : inquisition and extermination in twentieth-century Spain
Chronicles of dissent : interviews with David Barsamian
The Jewish movement in the Soviet Union
Dictatorship and political dissent : workers and students in Franco's Spain
Interweaves personal memoir and investigative journalism with the latest neuroscience and experimental psychology research to reveal how the stories individuals tell themselves about the world shape their beliefs, leading to self-deception, toxic partisanship, and science denial.
Witness against the beast : William Blake and the moral law
Religious tolerance in world religions
The year that changed the world : the untold story behind the fall of the Berlin Wall
Keeping faith with the party : communist believers return from the Gulag
When red is black
The Victorian crisis of faith has dominated discussions of religion and the Victorians. Stories are frequently told of prominent Victorians such as George Eliot losing their faith. This crisis is presented as demonstrating the intellectual weakness of Christianity as it was assaulted by new lines of thought such as Darwinism and biblical criticism. This study serves as a corrective to that narrative. It focuses on freethinking and Secularist leaders who came to faith. As sceptics, they had imbibed all the latest ideas that seemed to undermine faith; nevertheless, they went on to experience a crisis of doubt, and then to defend in their writings and lectures the intellectual cogency of Christianity. The Victorian crisis of doubt was surprisingly large. Telling this story serves to restore its true proportion and to reveal the intellectual strength of faith in the nineteenth century.
Moscow and beyond : 1986 to 1989
"How do Chinese people defend human rights in China without going to jail? How can they seek justice without the state hitting back at them? The human rights situation in China is not without its challenges, but the last few decades have seen marked improvements. Even so, much of the international attention on the issue is focused on human rights violations and the suppression of dissent; it is rare to find accounts of people inside China working on human rights who are not being harassed or put into jail. In what is probably the first Western book to see the Chinese human rights issue solely from a Chinese perspective, Walking a Tightrope gives voice to nine Chinese human rights defenders, describing their challenges, setbacks, and progress—defending human rights, Chinese style." --Publisher's website.
Intellectual dissidents in China
A renegade history of the United States
Invitation to a beheading
Fat Sasha and the urban Guerilla : protest and conformism in the Soviet Union
Now I know who my comrades are : voices from the Internet underground
In search of Chinese democracy : civil opposition in nationalist China 1929-1949
There is a growing body of historical literature on the importance of John Owen. Ryan M. McGraw seeks to reassess Owen's theology in light of the way in which he connected his trinitarian piety to his views of public worship. McGraw argues that Owen's teaching on communion with God as triune was the foundation of his views of public worship and that he regarded public worship as the highest expression of communion with the triune God. These themes not only highlight Owen's context as a Reformed orthodox theologian, but the distinctive influence of English Puritanism on his theological emphases. The connection between his practical trinitarianism and public worship runs through the course of his writings and every major area of his theology. These include the nature of theology, the knowledge of God, the doctrine of the Trinity, public worship, spiritual affections, apostasy, covenant theology, ecclesiology, and Christology. This work treats these themes in Owen's thought and shows how they intersect and are intertwined with the Trinity and public worship. In addition, this book provides a detailed exposition of the parts of Reformed worship. While other works have treated the centrality of his trinitarianism in his theology, few have acknowledged the importance of public worship in his thinking. This research concludes that communion with God in public worship was integral to Owen's practical trinitarian theology.
Komar and Melamid
"This study of the Aikin-Barbauld circle is the fourth volume to result from the work of the Dr Williams's Centre for Dissenting Studies. Established in September 2004, the Centre is a collaboration between the School of English and Drama, Queen Mary, University of London, and Dr Williams's Library, Gordon Square, London. Its objectives are to promote the use of the Library's unique holdings of Puritan, Protestant nonconformist and dissenting books and manuscripts; to encourage research into and dissemination of these resources; and to increase knowledge and understanding of the importance of Puritanism and Protestant dissent to English society and literature from the sixteenth century to the present"--
The dark road : a novel
The vagrants
The Ryutin platform : Stalin and the crisis of proletarian dictatorship : platform of the "Union of marxists-leninists"
A heavenly directory : trinitarian piety, public worship and a reassessment of John Owen's theology
Brief loves that live forever
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi
The Death of Jüri Kukk: A Case Study in Erratic Repression
Collective action theory and empirical evidence
To end all wars : a story of protest and patriotism in the First World War
Mandate of heaven : a new generation of entrepreneurs, dissidents, bohemians and technocrats lays claim to China's future
Dissent in the church
A dissenter's guide to foreign policy
A question of madness
The whole world knows the face of the young man with the bright black eyes. He is in the process of becoming an icon, a symbol, similar to the famous photo of Che Guevara. The face is that of Raif Badawi, who was nominated for the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize. Arrested in Saudi Arabia, he was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment and 1000 lashes - a de facto death sentence. The woman who succeeded in getting such people as Barack Obama and Prince Charles to appeal personally to the Saudi King for Badawi's release is his wife, Ensaf Haidar, who began the campaign to free her husband with a self-painted poster in front of a small church in Sherbrooke, Canada. When Raif Badawi and Ensaf Haidar fell in love with each other as adolescents, they did so in violation of every moral precept in the strictly Islamic Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. During their clandestine love affair, the young couple had no idea that, more than a decade later, Ensaf's love for Raif would attract the attention of politicians from around the world as the blogger's wife now mobilises global public opinion in an effort to save her husband from murder at the hands of the Saudi judiciary. With a courage born of desperation, she is fighting from exile in Canada to secure the release of the father of her three children, and is bringing great pressure to bear on the murderous regime in her native country. Ensaf Haidar tells Raif's and her own story: the story of their shared liberal ideas and her fight for her husband's release.
Radical legacies : twentieth-century public intellectuals in the United States
The beauty of humanity movement
Nonconformist art from the Soviet Union and Russian art
