http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2992 nature photography
nature photography
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 88 = Nature photographs of the year 88
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 92 = Nature photographs of the year 92
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 84 = Nature photographs of the year. 1984
Wildlife : the world's top photographers and the stories behind their greatest images
The charms of China
Wildlife photographer of the year. The masters of nature photography. Volume two
The beginner's guide to underwater digital photography
Wildlife photographer of the year. Portfolio 25
Vanishing landscapes
When wolves were eliminated from Yellowstone National Park the natural system was out of balance. Shows the return of the wolves to the park and the natural balance being restored.
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 84 = Nature photographs of the year 84
365 ways to save the earth
Wildlife photographer of the year. Portfolio 24
The wildlife photography workshop
Nature's best photography
The art of the photograph : essential habits for stronger compositions
Wild planet : celebrating Wildlife photographer of the year
In the heart of the dark night
Rainforests of the world : water, fire, earth & air
1st Kajaani International Exhibition of Nature Photography 1993 = 1. Kajaanin kansainvälinen luontovalokuvanäyttely 1993.
RSPB guide to digital wildlife photography
Among the islands
Digital nature photography and Adobe Photoshop
Slower than the eye can see : environmental change in northern Australia's cattle lands : a case study from the Victoria river district, Northern territory
Loodusfoto aastaraamat 2012 = Estonian nature photo yearbook
The digital photographer's handbook : landscapes and cityscapes
Winter on the Finnish taiga
Finland seasons
National Geographic image collection
Elämän tehtävää = Some small tasks offered to us by life = Quelques petites choses que la vie nous donne à faire..
"Rinko Kawauchi has gained international recognition for her nuanced, lushly colored images that offer closely observed fragments of everyday life. In her latest work, she shifts her attention from the micro to the macro. The title, Ametsuchi, is composed of two Japanese characters meaning "heaven and earth," and is taken from the title of one of the oldest pangrams in Japanese-a chant in which each character of the Japanese syllabary is used. Translated loosely as "Song of the Universe," it comprises a list that includes the heavens, earth, stars and mountains. In Ametsuchi, Kawauchi brings together images of distant constellations and tiny figures lost within landscapes, as well as photographs of a traditional controlled burn farming method (yakihata) in which the cycles of cultivation and recovery span decades and generations.Punctuating the series are images of Buddhist rituals and other religious ceremonies-a suggestion of other means by which humankind has traditionally attempted to transcend time and memory. The book is designed by award-winning Dutch designer Hans Gremmen, who brings a sense of the monumental and the mysterious to the design, including a seductive origami binding. The series is Kawauchi's first to be fully realized with a medium-format, 4 x 5 camera, instead of the 2- -inch format for which she has become best known. And while her work has frequently touched on the ephemeral, often using tiny details as a point of access to the larger cycles of life, with this new body of work, she purposely concentrates on the elemental and universal.The book is designed by award-winning Dutch designer Hans Gremmen, who brings a sense of the monumental and the mysterious to the design, including a seductive origami binding that offers a hint at the spiritual and philosophical currents running throughout the work. As Gremmen explains, "the book is bound in a variation of Japanese binding. In regular Japanese binding you fold the paper in such a way that the sides are closed. In this book the closed side is at the top of the page; the sides and bottom are open. This results in a book that introduces a 'parallel world' on the inside of the pages, in which some images are printed in inverted colors. By inverting the images, the existential and poetic nature of Kawauchi's work is enlarged: fire turns into water, night turns into day."" -- Publisher's description.
Spacecam : photographing the final frontier - from Apollo to Hubble
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 87 = Nature photographs of the year 87
Photographing wild brown bear in Finland = Karhun valokuvaus
The great themes
Hunting with a camera : a world guide to wildlife photography
On this earth : photographs from East Africa
Finlandia : Vuoden luontokuvat 2005 = Årets naturbilder = Nature photographs of the year = Naturfotos des Jahres
Reading the landscape : an inspirational and instructional guide to landscape photography
Working the light : a landscape photography masterclass
Four seasons of nature photography
Norrland : A photographic journey through eight seasons of the year = Eine fotografische Wanderung durch acht Jahreszeiten = Un recorrido fotografico por ocho estaciones del ano = Une randonnee photographique a travers huit saisons
Lonely Planet's guide to travel photography
Practical photography : Helsinki
Invisible worlds : exploring microcosms
Wild planet : celebrating wildlife : photographer of the year
An eye for a bird : the autobiography of a bird photographer
The Sonoran desert
Advanced digital landscape photography
Beautiful owls : portraits of arresting species
Secret lives
National geographic : around the world in 125 years
The photographers
Landscape photography
Hot spots : America's volcanic landscape
Wild water : northeastern Finland's cycle of seasons
Understanding raw photography
My favourite animal families
Robert Adams : tree line
Ansel Adams in color
Nature (The) photographer's complete guide to professional field techniques
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 90 = Nature photographs of the year 90
Vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year. 1981
Fascinating birds
Spirit of the wild
Photographing nature  : a photo workshop from Brooks Institute's top nature photography instructor
Deadly instinct
Between home and heaven : contemporary American landscape photography from the consolidated Natural gas company foundation collection of the National museum of American art Smithsonian institution
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 83 = Nature photographs of the year 83
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 81 = Nature photographs of the year 81
The picture book
Black, white and grey
Images : expressive moments from the mind's eye
International garden photographer of the year : collection seven
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 89 = Nature photographs of the year 89
Incredible insects! : eye-opening photos of amazing bugs
50 years of Wildlife Photographer of the Year : how wildlife photography became art
Wildlife photographer of the year. Portfolio 6 / designer: Grant Bradford ; text editor: Miranda MacQuitty ; project co-ordinator Sheelagh Coghlan
Nature photography : insider secrets from the world's top digital photography professionals
Photographing nature
Kootut vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year
Namaqualand, garden of the gods
A year in Kuusamo : diary of a Finnish bird photographer
Wildlife photographer of the year : portfolio eight
The landscape photography workshop
Zhongguo bai xing sheng huo de ying xiang = Image of common people in China
Iceland : in all its splendour
The essential wildlife photography manual
Ourista harjuille : tuokiokuvia Satakunnan luonnosta = From Oura to the ridges : snapshots of Satakunta wildlife
The art of outdoor photography : techniques for the advanced amateur and professional
Vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year. 99
Landscape
Success with wildlife photography
Life : a journey through time
Kingfisher : tales from the Halcyon River
Nature photography : through four seasons
The fundamentals of creative photography
Sense of water
Northern lights of Finland
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 93 = Nature photographs of the year 93
Inherit the dust
Vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year. 86
Photographing pattern and design in nature : a close-up guide
Karhun hetki = The hour of the bear
Ansel Adams : 400 photographs
Master of light : Ansel Adams and his influences
Trees
Seeing landscapes : the creative process behind great photographs
Bibliography of repeat photography for evaluating landscape change
When the wolves returned : restoring nature's balance in Yellowstone
Macrophotography : learning from a master : with more than 300 dazzling color photographs
Shifting horizons : women's landscape photography now
Vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year. 85
Luonnonkuvaajien parhaat = Finnish nature photography -at its best
Outdoor photographer : e-lehti
Footprints of the Gods
Desert cantos. Richard Misrach
At 70o north : a lyrical photo album about northern nature
Wild and majestic Changbai mountains
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 94 = Nature photographs of the year 94
Amazing insects : the secret world of invertebrates
Galen Rowell : a retrospective
Valon kosketus = Touch of light
Three years after the completion of his trilogy, On This Earth, A Shadow Falls Across the Ravaged Land, Nick Brandt returned to East Africa to photograph the escalating changes to the African natural world and its animals. In a series of epic panoramas, Brandt recorded the impact of man in places where animals used to roam, but no longer do. In each location, Brandt erected a life-size panel of one of his portrait photographs-showing groups of elephants, rhinos, giraffes, lions, cheetahs and zebras-placing the displaced animals on sites of explosive urban development, new factories, wastelands and quarries. The contemporary figures within the photographs seem oblivious to the presence of the panels and the animals represented in them, who are now no more than ghosts in the landscape. Inherit the Dust includes this new body of panoramic photographs along with original portraits of the animals used in the panoramas, the unique emotional animal portraiture for which Brandt is recognized. There are also two essays by the artist: a text about the crisis facing the conservation of the natural world in East Africa, and behind-the-scenes descriptions of his elaborate production process, with accompanying documentary photographs.
A Sand County almanac : with essays on conservation
National Geographic stunning photographs
Lonely Planet's beautiful world
The great northern kingdom : life in the boreal forest
Creative nature photography
The complete guide to nature photography : professional techniques for capturing digital images of nature and wildlife
Life with Lake Vättern
Yellowstone : a journey through America's wild heart
Digital nature photography
100 ways to take better nature & wildlife photographs
