http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2995 metrics (poetics)
metrics (poetics)
Takannessa: What is the relationship between music and time? How does musical rhythm express our social experience of time? In Groove: An Aesthetic of Measured Time, Mark Abel explains the rise to prominence in Western music of a new way of organising rhythm - groove. He provides a historical account of its emergence around the turn of the twentieth century, and analyses the musical components which make it work. Drawing on materialist interpretations of art and culture, Mark Abel engages with aesthetic arguments, challenging in particular Adorno's critique of popular music. He concludes that groove does not simply reflect the temporality of contemporary society, but, by incorporating abstract time into its very structure, is capable of effecting a critique of it"
Pattern and disruption in formalist theory : the example of Jean Molinet
Prosodic tension in English Renaissance sonnets
Metrik und Medienwechsel = Metrics and media
On fundamental measurement in psychology
Frontiers in comparative prosody : in memoriam : Mikhail Gasparov
Hungarian metrics : some linguistic aspects of iambic verse
The language and literature reader
Shakespeare's third keyboard : the significance of rime in Shakespeare's plays
An introduction to psychological statistics
Rhyme's reason : a guide to English verse
On the octosyllabic metric pattern and shamanism in Eurasia
Songwriting : essential guide to lyric form and structure : tools and techniques for writing better lyrics
Formal approaches to poetry : recent developments in metrics
Accent and metre in French : a theory of the relation between linguistic accent and metrical practice in French, 1100-1900
The rhythms of dróttkvætt and other Old Icelandic metres
Meter in poetry : a new theory
Latin metre : an introduction
Dynamic assessment : a Vygotskian approach to understanding and promoting L2 development
Dynamic Assessment (DA) reconceptualizes classroom interactions by arguing that teaching and assessment should not be distinct undertakings but must be integrated as a single activity that seeks to understand learner abilities by actively supporting their ongoing development. DA is based in the Vygotskian notion of the Zone of Proximal Development (ZPD) which captures the uniquely human potential to exceed our present capabilities by working in cooperation with others whose dialogic interaction mediates us to higher levels of functioning. DA offers a framework for co-constructing a ZPD with learners in order to simultaneously reveal the full range of their abilities and promote development. This book presents the first in-depth analysis of DAa (TM)s application to particular problems of L2 development. It includes detailed discussions of the core theoretical tenets as well as guidelines for implementing DA principles in L2 classrooms. The book will be of interest to language teacher educators, language testers, classroom practitioners, and students and researchers in the areas of SLA, language pedagogy, and assessment.
Psychometric methods
Old English poetic metre
The phonology of Old English stress and metrical structure
Metre and rhythm in Greek verse
The scissors of meter : grammetrics and reading
The Christianisation of Latin metre : a study of Bede's De arte metrica
Pindaric metre : the 'other half'
Measurement in medicine : a practical guide
The shapes of our singing : a guide to the metres and set forms of verse from around the world
A new theory of Old English meter
A history of European versification
"The success of the Apgar score demonstrates the astounding power of an appropriate clinical instrument. This down-to-earth book provides practical advice, underpinned by theoretical principles, on developing and evaluating measurement instruments in all fields of medicine. It equips you to choose the most appropriate instrument for specific purposes. The book covers measurement theories, methods and criteria for evaluating and selecting instruments. It provides methods to assess measurement properties, such as reliability, validity and responsiveness, and interpret the results. Worked examples and end-of-chapter assignments use real data and well-known instruments to build your skills at implementation and interpretation through hands-on analysis of real-life cases. All data and solutions are available online. This is a perfect course book for students and a perfect companion for professionals/researchers in the medical and health sciences who care about the quality and meaning of the measurements they perform"--Provided by publisher.
Repertorium Vergilianae poesis hexametricum : a repertory of the hexameter patterns in Vergil, Bucolica, Georgica, Aeneis
Rhythms : on the work, translation, and psychoanalysis
Degrees of well-formedness : the formula principle in the analysis of oral-poetic meters
Sound, sense, and rhythm : listening to Greek and Latin poetry
What makes sound patterns expressive? : the poetic mode of speech perception
Statistical models for test equating, scaling, and linking
A basic study of Mongolian prosody
Groove : an aesthetic of measured time
Intonational phonology
Introduction to classical and modern test theory
Variety of old English metrical usage
The metre of Old Saxon poetry : the remaking of alliterative tradition
The elements of English versification
Vision and resonance : two senses of poetic form
Linguistics and literature : language in the verbal arts of the world
The web of words : structural analyses of the Old English poems Vainglory, The wonder of greation, The dream of the rood, and Judith
The goal of this book is to emphasize the formal statistical features of the practice of equating, linking, and scaling. This book encourages the view and discusses the quality of the equating results from the statistical perspective (new models, robustness, fit, testing hypotheses, statistical monitoring) as opposed to placing the focus on the policy and the implications, which although very important, represent a different side of the equating practice. This book contributes to establishing 'equating' as a theoretical field, a view that has not been offered often before. The tradition in the practice of equating has been to present the knowledge and skills needed as a craft, which implies that only with years of experience under the guidance of a knowledgeable practitioner could one acquire the required skills. This book challenges this view by indicating how a good equating framework, a sound understanding of the assumptions that underlie the psychometric models, and the use of statistical tests and statistical process control tools can help the practitioner navigate the difficult decisions in choosing the final equating function. This book provides a valuable reference for several groups: statisticians and psychometricians interested in the theory behind equating methods, in the use of model-based statistical methods for data smoothing, and in the evaluation of the equating results in applied work; practitioners who need to equate tests, including those with these responsibilities in testing companies, state testing agencies, and school districts; and, instructors in psychometric, measurement, and psychology programs.
Towards the strophic grammar of greek tragedy
Introduction to Greek metre
Pindar is one of the greatest Greek poets, but while the metre of half of his poems is easy to grasp, that of the other half has so far remained obscure. Kiichiro Itsumi presents a new account of their metre. He separates the metre into two types and identifies a series of precise entities from which the verses are made, in this way imposing a new clarity and discipline on what had previously seemed a much vaguer process. Itsumi's analyses of individual poems include a discussion of stanzaic structure, of textual problems, and of particular lines in the stanza and their exploitation within the text. These analyses will be an invaluable resource for serious scholars of Pindar.
The lyric metres of Greek drama
The spring of rhythm : an essay on the political verse and other Byzantine metres
The structure of Old Norse Dróttkvætt poetry
Old English metre: an introduction
Linguistics and literature : an introduction to literary stylistics
Moving words : forms of English poetry
Research methods and statistics in psychology
Varieties of human value
Metrical considerations on wedding laments sung on the Šun'ga Peninsula
Software-based countermeasures to 2D facial spoofing attacks
The golden way : the Hebrew sonnet during the Renaissance and the Baroque
Modern psychometrics : the science of psychological assessment
Each chapter includes exercises and suggestions for further reading. Appendices provide possible answers to the exercises, tips for scanning half-lines, and brief definitions of metrical terms used. Examples in Old English are provided with literal modern English translations, with glosses added in the first three chapters to help beginners. The result is a comprehensive guide that makes important text-critical skills much more readily available to Old English specialists and beginners alike."--pub. desc
Measurement-based management of global software development projects
Why poetry matters
la-ḥšōb̲, but la-ḥǎzōr? : sonority, optimality, and the Hebrew forms
Best methods for the analysis of change : recent advances, unanswered questions, future directions
Rethinking meter : a new approach to the verse line
The blank-verse tradition from Milton to Stevens : freethinking and the crisis of modernity
Metrical stress theory : principles and case studies
The making of Homeric verse : the collected papers of Milman Parry
Measurement-based value alignment and reasoning about organizational goals and strategies : studies with the ICT industry
Traditional elegy : the interplay of meter, tradition, and context in early Greek poetry
Principles of test theories
Measurement-based value alignment and reasoning about organizational goals and strategies:studies with the ICT industry
Using psychometrics : a practical guide to testing and assessment
Iambic poetics in the Roman Empire
Towards a typology of poetic forms : from language to metrics and beyond
Metre, rhythm and verse form
Patterns of poetry : an encyclopedia of forms
Three Russian lyric folk song meters
Durational patterns in Estonian trochaeic verse
Metre and Rhythm in Greek Verse gives a general and comprehensive view of our up-to-date knowledge of ancient Greek song and recitation and goes further into the study of the different poetic genres and metrical-rhythmical phenomena. Unlike most of the previous research, it makes a combined use of all the sources available: metrical data, prosodic analysis, ancient works on rhythm and metrics, ancient musical documents and comparison with later musical tradition as well as with other cultures. The book provides new and interesting perspectives on the subject. It gives a broader framework to understand some metrical zeugmata and discovers new relations between syllables and rhythmical time-lengths. For some specific genres, the author goes over various possible analysis methods. In many other cases, he gives innovative arguments to support generally accepted interpretations or provides new evidence to defend traditional analyses which had been abandoned for decades. Metre and Rhythm in Greek Verse is a systematic and updated study on ancient Greek rhythm, a work which fills a gap in the reflourishing research on ancient Greek music.
The trajectory of archaic Greek trimeters
Phonetics and phonology. Vol. 1, Rhythm and meter
Natural emphasis : English versification from Chaucer to Dryden
The meters of Greek and Latin poetry
The founding of English metre
The use of rhyme in Shakespeare's plays
Multivariate statistical methods in behavioral research
Greek metre : an introduction
FRAGSTATS : spatial pattern analysis program for quantifying landscape structure
Listening to poetry in a dead language : could dróttkvætt have been trochaic?
Vergil and classical hexameter poetry : a study in metrical variety
A history of free verse
Metrical studies in the lyrics of Sophocles
Songwriting : essential guide to rhyming: a step-by step guide to better rhyming and lyrics
Metrical structure of Arabic
The dance of the muses : choral theory and ancient Greek poetics
Meter as rhythm
Methods of information integration theory
Speech-act in skaldic verse : genre, compositional strategies and improvisation
Meter and meaning : an introduction to rhythm in poetry
A history of English versification
Versatility in versification : multidisciplinary approaches to metrics
Hellenica : selected papers on Greek literature and thought. Vol. 3, Philosophy, music and metre, literary byways, varia
Latin poetry and conductus rhythm in medieval France
This is the first book to study the impact of invective poetics associated with early Greek iambic poetry on Roman imperial authors and audiences. It demonstrates how authors as varied as Ovid and Gregory Nazianzen wove recognizable elements of the iambic tradition (e.g. meter, motifs, or poetic biographies) into other literary forms (e.g. elegy, oratorical prose, anthologies of fables), and it shows that the humorous, scurrilous, efficacious aggression of Archilochus continued to facilitate negotiations of power and social relations long after Horace's Epodes. The eclectic approach encompasses Greek and Latin, prose and poetry, and exploratory interludes appended to each chapter help to open four centuries of later classical literature to wider debates about the function, propriety and value of the lowest and most debated poetic form from archaic Greece. Each chapter presents a unique variation on how these imperial authors became Archilochus – however briefly and to whatever end.
A characteristic of Greek and Latin poetry (sometimes an intimidating one) is the variety of metrical shapes it can adopt. Llewelyn Morgan offers an accessible account of some of the most common of these metres in Roman poetry, and explains how the poets can exploit them to support, supplement, or indeed drive the meaning of the poems they carry. Metre is revealed as an aspect of Roman poetry which is every bit as creative as its word play, and new insights are given to a range of Roman poems, from reassessments of familiar poems by Catullus and Horace to explanations of the remarkable artistry underlying less mainstream works by Martial, Statius, and Lucilius.
A theory of meter
Verseform : a comparative bibliography
Poetry : the basics
The verse of Greek comedy
Emily Dickinsonś prosody : a study in metrics
The art of translation
"Blank verse, unrhymed iambic pentameter, has been central to English poetry since the Renaissance. It is the basic vehicle of Shakespeare's plays and the form in which Milton chose to write Paradise Lost. Milton associated it with freedom, and the Romantics, connecting it in turn with freethinking, used it to explore change and confront modernity, sometimes in unexpectedly radical ways. Henry Weinfield's detailed readings of the masterpieces of English blank verse focus on Milton, Wordsworth, Shelley, Keats, Tennyson and Stevens. He traces the philosophical and psychological struggles underlying these poets' choice of form and genre, and the extent to which their work is marked, consciously or not, by the influence of other poets. Unusually attuned to echoes between poems, this study sheds new light on how important poetic texts, most of which are central to the literary canon, unfold as works of art"--
Poetic rhythm : structure and performance : an empirical study in cognitive poetics
This new text provides a state-of the-art introduction to educational and psychological testing and measurement theory that reflects the many intellectual developments of the past two decades. The book introduces psychometric theory using a latent variable modeling (LVM) framework and emphasizes interval estimation throughout, so as to better prepare readers for studying more advanced topics later in their careers. Featuring numerous examples, it presents an applied approach to conducting testing and measurement in the behavioral, social, and educational sciences. Readers will find numerous tips on how to use test theory in today's actual testing situations. To reflect the growing use of statistical software in psychometrics, the authors introduce the use of Mplus after the first few chapters. SPSS, SAS, and R are also featured in several of the chapters. Software codes and associated outputs are reviewed throughout to enhance comprehension. All of the data and input and output files referred to in the book are available on the website along with pertinent commands and other features. The authors rely on LVM when discussing fundamental concepts such as exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis, test theory, generalizability theory, reliability and validity, interval estimation, nonlinear factor analysis, generalized linear modeling, and item response theory. The varied applications make this book a valuable tool for those in the behavioral, social, educational, and biomedical disciplines, as well as in business, economics, and marketing. A brief introduction to R is provided in Section 2.8 and in the Appendix to Chapter 11. Intended as a text for advanced undergraduate and/or graduate courses in psychometrics, testing and measurement, measurement theory, psychological testing, and/or educational and/or psychological measurement taught in departments of psychology, education, human development,epidemiology, business, and marketing, this book is also expected to appeal to applied researchers in these disciplines. Prerequisites include an introduction to statistics with exposure to regression analysis and ANOVA. Familiarity with SPSS, SAS, STATA, or R is also beneficial. As a whole the book provides an invaluable introduction to measurement and test theory to those with limited or no familiarity with the mathematical and statistical procedures involved in measurement and testing
The Kalevala metre and its development
LANGUAGE AND METRE
Metrical irregularity in old and middle Irish syllabic verse
The flexibility of the Homeric formula
"This second edition presents a completely revised overview of research on intonational phonology since the 1970s, including new material on research developments since the mid 1990s. It contains a new section discussing the research on the alignment of pitch features that has developed since the first edition was published, a substantially rewritten section on ToBI transcription that takes account of the application of ToBI principles to other languages, and new sections on the phonetic research on accent and focus. The substantive chapters on the analysis and transcription of pitch contours, pitch range, sentence stress and prosodic structure have been reorganised and updated. In addition, there is an associated website with sound files of the example sentences discussed in the book. This well-known study will continue to appeal to researchers and graduate students who work on any aspect of intonation."--BOOK JACKET.
Changes in the poetics of song during the Finnish Reformation
Approaches to poetry
English historical metrics
Anthology of ASEAN literatures : Philippine metrical romances
Musa pedestris : metre and meaning in Roman verse
Copy-paste metrics? : Lupus of Ferrières on Boethius
Introduction to psychometric theory
"Old English Metre offers an essential framework for the critical analysis of metrical structures and interpretations in Old English literature. Jun Terasawa's comprehensive introductory text covers the basics of Old English metre and reviews the current research in the field, emphasizing the interaction between Old English metre and components such as word-formation, word-choice, and grammar. He also covers the metre-related problems of dating, authorship, and the distinction between prose and verse
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
Statistical misconceptions
