http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p2994 invasive species
invasive species
Tilapias as alien aquatics in Asia and the Pacific : a review
Recorded and potential alien invertebrate pests in Finnish agriculture and horticulture
100 alien invaders : [animals and plants that are changing our world]
The present study aimed at assessing the invasion of alien weed species in Finland based on a review of their occurrence in the Finnish weed flora. The evaluation was conducted for the three phases of the invasion process, i.e. introduction, naturalization and invasion. The literature review revealed that 815 alien weed species occur in Finland of which 314 are regarded as naturalized. Based on their occurrence in different climate zones, the risk of naturalization of new harmful alien weed species was deemed low for those species not currently found in Finland, but higher for species occurring as casual aliens in Finland. In the latter group, 10 species of concern were detected. Exploration of the distribution patterns of naturalized species within Finland revealed species occupancy to be dependent on the residence time of the species. Established neophytes can be expected to extend their ranges and to increase occupation of agricultural habitats in the future.
Occurence of the introduced black rat (Rattus rattus) and its potential effects on endemic rodents in southeastern Madagascar
Weedy and invasive plant genomics
Management of Biological Invasions : international journal of applied research on biological invasions
Ecology and management of giant hogweed (Heracleum mantegazziannum)
Notes on some southern bird species found in the vicinity of Kevo in Utsjoki, Finnish Lapland
Contributions
Bioeconomics of invasive species : integrating ecology, economics, policy, and management
Alien terrestrial arthropods of Europe. Pt. 1
Biological invasions : economic and environmental costs of alien plant, animal, and microbe species
Naturalized reptiles and amphibians of the world
Ballast water : an irreversible threat?
Alien species in the Finnish weed flora
Eco-physiological aspects of adaptation to seasonal environments : the latitudinal range expansion of the Colorado potato beetle across Europe
Invasive alien species : a toolkit of best prevention and management practices
Changes in the invasion level, and impact of alien plants in Finnish semi-natural agricultural habitats
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 11, Barents Sea
Invasive species and biodiversity management
A handbook of global freshwater invasive species
Aliens in your ship
Exactly solvable models of biological invasion
Biological invasions in New Zealand
The ballast site of Lassdal was known for its exotic plants brought with soil from abroad by sailing ships. The ballast site was more or less abandoned already at the beginning of the 20th century, at the latest. However, several ballast plants grew in Lassdal in 1946. A few of them were still growing there in 2015. The vascular plant flora comprised 17 taxa of trees and shrubs and 59 field layer taxa in 2009-2015. The following are dealt with more in detail: Allium oleraceum, Arabis glabra, Campanula rapunculoides, Carex hirta, cf. Draba incana, Hercaleum sphondylium, Medi­cago lupulina var. willdenowiana, Melilotus albus, Stachys sylvatica and Viola odorata. Of these, Campanula rapunculoides, Stachys sylvatica and Viola odorata have not been observed earlier in Lassdal.
Marine bioinvasions : patterns, processes, and perspectives
Invasion biology
Alien terrestrial arthropods of Europe. Pt. 2
Environmental risk assessment of exotic natural enemies used in inundative biological control
Long-term consequences for vegetation of ungulate introductions to North Atlantic Islands
Exploring people's perception of biodiversity and ecosystem services in Taita Hills, Kenya
Introduced pathogens found on ornamentals, strawberry and trees in Finland over the past 20 years
Canadian beaver (Castor canadensis)
Alien plants of the British Isles : a provisional catalogue of vascular plants (excluding grasses)
Alien species and evolution : the evolutionary ecology of exotic plants, animals, microbes, and interacting native species
Management of invasive weeds
Proceedings of the Norway/UN Conference on Alien Species, Trondheim, 1-5 July 1996
International mechanisms for the control and responsible use of alien species in aquatic ecosystems : report of an ad hoc expert consultation, 27-30 August 2003, Xishuangbanna, People's Republic of China
Galapagos : preserving Darwin's legacy
Ecological and genetic factors contributing to invasion success : the northern spread of the Colorado potato beetle (Leptinotarsa decemlineata)
The balance of nature and human impact
Handbook of alien species in Europe
Alien species in North America and Hawaii : impacts on natural ecosystems
Diffusive and ship-mediated spread of dinoflagellates in the Baltic Sea with Prorocentrum minimum as a special case
Bridging divides : maritime canals as invasion corridors
Epilobium hirsutum L. is an introduced species in Finland with the first reliable findings made in the late 19th century. The number of new findings accumulated slowly during the period 1900-1929. From the 1930's onwards, the number of findings grew rapidly and E. hirsutum has been found in 153 grid squares of 10 km × 10 km size in the southern part of Finland until 2012. The first information of the species in the Åland Islands is a note in the literature from 1821 and the first collected specimen in the Åland Islands is from the municipality of Sund in 1873. However, both these are doubtful as they were not noticed in Finnish vascular plant floras later on. The first reliable finding is from 1973 and thereafter the localities with E. hirsutum increased with four more during the 1970's, eight new during the 1980's, fourteen new during the 1990's and 35 new localities during the period 2000-2013. It thrives chiefly in man-made habitats in the cultural landscape and the most common habitats in the Åland Islands seem to be roadsides and road ditches. Although E. hirsutum has expanded during the last fifty years in Åland, it is not common yet and it has not been found in most of the eastern archipelago area. As an immigrant in our flora, E. hirsutum is now well established in the Åland Islands and it will probably be more common in the future. However, it seems that it is not a harmful invasive weed in Åland..
Using dataset of 508 transects of 50 m², we assessed changes in the invasion level of alien plant species in semi-natural agricultural habitats in three study years (2001, 2005 and 2010) in four geographical regions of Finland. In addition, the impact of environmental factors on the occurrence of the most common neophytes (alien species introduced after the 17th century) and the impact of neophytes on native species diversity were studied. In total, 37 neophyte species were detected, but neophytes regarded as highly invasive were rare and occasional. We detected spatio-temporal variation in the invasion level, but it changed according to the measure used. For instance, alien species diversity was lower in south-western Finland than in other years in 2005, and the relative alien species richness was highest in southern and lowest in eastern Finland. Preferences for environmental conditions (disturbance, habitat type and geographical location) and the impact on plant diversity varied among the most common neophytes. The most common neophytes were positively rather than negatively associated with native and alien species diversity. The results suggest that alien species management and control methods should be species-specific and considered case-by-case. Neophytes do not yet cause severe problems, but regular monitoring is needed to detect changes in their invasion levels.
The genetics of colonizing species : proceedings of the first International Union of Biological Sciences Symposia on General Biology
Alien fish species in northernmost Finland
Invasion ecology : student edition
Red deer as a newcomer in Estonian fauna : should we hinder the spreading of the species?
The invasive potential of Prussian carp in Finland under the light of a novel semi-clonal reproductive mechanism
Menagerie : the history of exotic animals in England, 1100-1837
Introduced predator in Baltic Sea archipelagos : variable effects of feral mink on bird and small mammal populations
"Of the 7,000 estimated non-native species present in North America, approximately 1,000 are invasive. Clearly, invasive species are in the minority, but their small numbers don't keep them from causing billions of dollars in economic and ecological harm each year. Policymakers and ecologists continue to try to figure out which species might be harmful, which invasive species are doing the most damage, and which of these might respond best to eradication efforts. Invasive species reports and case studies are prevalent in political, environmental, and scientific news cycles, and a significant portion of the public is concerned about the issue. In this book, Simberloff will first cover basic topics such as how non-native species are introduced, which areas have incurred the most biological invasions, and how the rates of biological invasions have shifted in recent years. He then moves on to the direct and indirect impacts of the impacts of invasive species on various ecosystems, such as habitat and resource competition, how invasive species transmit pathogens, and how introduced plants and animals can modify a habitat to favor other non-native species. Simberloff's final chapters will discuss the evolution of invasive species, the policies we currently have in place to manage them, and future prospects for controlling their spread. The book will also contain a section dedicated to the more controversial topics surrounding invasive species: invasive natives, useful non-native species, animal rights versus species rights, and non-native species' impacts on the biodiversity of an ecosystem"--
Aquatic weeds 2009 : proceedings of the 12th European Weed Research Society Symposium, August 24-28, 2009, Jyväskylä, Finland
Fish species in Finland
Experiments with ultraviolet light, ultrasound and ozone technologies for onboard ballast water treatment
Central issues in Finnish marine research - the societal role of the Finnish Institute of Marine Research.
Onboard ballast water treatment a tool for the future?
Biological invasions : a global perspective
Population genetic structure and phylogeography of invasive aquatic weed, Elodea canadensis (Hydrocharitaceae) and comparative analyses with E. nuttallii
Introduced species in the Nordic countries
Summary (s. 11-13).
The ecology of invasions by animals and plants
Alien wildlife, isolation and islands in Finland
The new wild : why invasive species will be nature's salvation
It is assumed that climate change will promote pest invasions and their establishment in new regions. We have updated the list of current alien invertebrate pest species in Finland and produced a list of potential new alien pests using a self-organizing map (SOM) that ranks species in terms of their risk of entry into Finland. The 76 pest species recorded included 66 insects, 5 nematodes, 2 mites and 3 slugs. Nearly half of the alien species appeared to have invaded Finland during the last 48 years. The SOM analysis is considered a viable tool for identification of potentially high-risk invasive pests from among the multitude of potential alien invaders, and represents a useful complement to local expert knowledge-based risk assessment of potentially invasive pests. Along with the comparisons with databases of current and potential pest species, SOM analysis suggests that in the changing climate, the habitats at greatest risk from exotic pests in Finland are horticultural: orchards, ornamental hardy-nursery stocks, landscape and ornamental tree nurseries, and greenhouses.Exploration of the distribution patterns of naturalized species within Finland revealed species occupancy to be dependent on the residence time of the species. Established neophytes can be expected to extend their ranges and to increase occupation of agricultural habitats in the future.
Invasive microbes
Economics of alien invasive species management : choices of targets and policies
Trophic interactions of invase forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
The importance of human mediation in species establishment : analysis of the alien flora of Estonia
Epilobium hirsutum in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Biological invaders in inland waters : profiles, distribution and threats
Development of an action plan for the environment initiative of the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) : programme area 3: prevention, control and management of invasive alien spices = Développement d'un plan d'action sur l'environnement du Nouveau Partenariat pour le Développement de l'Afrique (NEPAD) : domaine d'intervention 3: prévention, contrôle et gestion des espèces allogènes envahissantes
American perceptions of immigrant and invasive species : strangers on the land
On lethal and nonlethal impacts of native, alien and intraguild predators : evidence of top-down control
Biological invasions in marine ecosystems : ecological, management, and geographic perspectives
Report of the thirteenth Global Biodiversity Forum, 7-9 May 1999 = Rapport du treizième Forum mondial sur la diversité biologique = Informe del decimotercer Foro Global de la Biodiversidad
Detrimental effects of alien mink predation on small mammal populations and cascading effects on plants in the Baltic Sea archipelago
Lassdal, an old ballast site in eastern Nyland, S Finland
The rabbits
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
Plant invaders : the threat to natural ecosystems
Naturalised and invasive succulents of southern Africa
The comparative ease and speed of international trade and travel have enabled or enhanced the spread of pests around the globe. For example, trade in ornamental plants has bolstered the spread of alien Oomycetes such as pathogenic species of Phytophthora. To date, four Phytophthora species have been identified in Finland: P. cactorum on Fragaria x ananassa, Betula pendula and Rhododendron spp., P. plurivora on Rhododendron spp. and Syringa vulgaris, and P. pini and P. ramorum on Rhododendron spp. The ascomycete Colletotrichum acutatum, which was listed as a quarantine pathogen by the European Union until 2009, was introduced in 2000 and can survive in plant debris over two winters in Finland. Positive PCR results have also been obtained from bait plants grown in soil collected from locations where diseased Fragaria x ananassa plants had earlier been destroyed. In the mid-1990s, there was an epidemic of foliar rust caused by the Asian basidiomycete Melampsoridium hiratsukanum on Alnus glutinosa and A. incana. Recently, two ascomycetes that have been introduced are Dothistroma septosporum (responsible for red band needle blight on Pinus sylvestris) and Chalara fraxinea (causing ash decline on Fraxinus excelsior).
Networks of invasion : empirical evidence and case studies
Invasive species management : a handbook of principles and techniques
Hybridization, biodiversity, and ecology of vascular plants in diverse habitats impacted by man : insights from three plant families
Lessepsian migration : the influx of Red Sea biota into the Mediterranean by way of the Suez Canal
Alien species - environment, biorisks, future : fifth Environment Symposium of the Maj and Tor Nessling Foundation : 18-19 January 2007 Arken, Turku, Finland
Conservation of native species at mainland sites where invasive species are a threat : case study : kaka, a native New Zealand parrot
Aquatic bioinvasions : risk assessment of alien species and their vectors in fresh and brackish northern waters
"The story of the panoply of exotic animals that were brought into Britain from time immemorial until the foundation of the London Zoo and beyond - a tale replete with the extravagant, the eccentric, and, on occasion, the downright bizarre"--
Ecological impacts of non-native invertebrates and fungi on terrestrial ecosystems
Invasion ecology
Introduced semiaquatic birds and mammals of Europe
Ecologic and socio-economic impacts of the invasion of Salvinia molesta in Senegal, West-Africa
A catalogue of alien plants in Ireland
Invasive alien species : a new synthesis
Nonindigenous freshwater organisms : vectors, biology, and impacts
Immigrant garden : work of environmental art 2006-2012
Conceptualising the economics of plant health protection against invasive pests
Risks of increased weed problems associated with introduction of non-native bee species
"This book studies the ecology of invasive species, examining the effects that such invasions have on various types of ecosystems"--
Plant invaders of Mid-Atlantic natural areas
Trypanosome parasites in the invading Rattus rattus and endemic rodents in Madagascar
Invasive species : what everyone needs to know
Ecological consequences of genetic modifications : an invasion analysis approach
Growth of the signal crayfish, Pacifastacus leniusculus, in a small forest lake in Finland
Invasive forest insects, introduced forest trees, and altered ecosystems : ecological pest management in global forests of a changing world
Is prosopis a curse or a blessing? : an ecological-economic analysis of an invasive alien tree species in Sudan
Range expansion to novel environments : evolutionary physiology and genetics in Leptinotarsa decemlineata
Ecology of weeds and invasive plants : relationship to agriculture and natural resource management
The threat from non indigenous species : ecosystem vulnerability, global distribution and co-occurrences with other major threats
Ecological impacts of invasive signal crayfish in large boreal lakes
Ancient Greek views on the exotic animal
Ecology and impacts of nonnative salmonids with special reference to brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis Mitchill) in North Europe
Indirect effects of invasive crayfish on native fish parasites
Plant invaders : the threat to natural ecosystem
Alien species : environment, biorisks, future.- Fifth Environment Symposium of the Maj and Tor Nessling Foundation 18-19 January 2007, Arken, Turku, Finland
BioInvasions Records : International Journal of Applied Research on Biological Invasions
MARTOB : European research project for on-board treatment of ballast water and application of low sulphur fuels
Where do camels belong? : the story and science of invasive species
Transport of alien marine organisms in ballast water tanks : an ecological roulette?
Alien invaders in Canada's waters, wetlands, and forests
Invasive insects in Europe : the role of climate change and global trade
The grain immigrant flora of Finland
