http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3 light reading
light reading
The guardian
The dressmaker
The crush
The Duke's disaster
The women in his life
After we collided
Truth to tell
Dare to rock
The constant princess
One Fifth Avenue
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
Switch
The love and death of Caterina
"There is no such thing as bad publicity, except in Midnight, Texas, where the residents like to keep to themselves. Even in a town full of secretive people, Olivia Charity is an enigma. She lives with the vampire Lemuel, but no one knows what she does; they only know that she's beautiful and dangerous. Psychic Manfred Bernardo finds out just how dangerous when he goes on a working weekend to Dallas and sees Olivia there with a couple who are both found dead the next day. To make matters worse, one of Manfred's regular and very wealthy clients dies during a reading. Manfred returns from Dallas embroiled in scandal and hounded by the press. He turns to Olivia for help; somehow he knows that the mysterious Olivia can get things back to normal. As normal as things get in Midnight"--
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
Donovan creed two up 3-4
Under the final moon
The Shape of sand
No boyz allowed
Practically perfect
The mane event
Chances
The little lady agency
Dare to seduce
The law is a lady
Pros and cons : a short story
Landline : a novel
Danger is my business : an illustrated history of the fabulous pulp magazines
The kissing game
Tears of the moon
Truly madly guilty
Out of Control
Sister's choice
Fire me up : an Aisling Grey, guardian, novel
Be my baby
Desire me always
Motor mouth
Viking warrior rising
Donovan creed two up 7-8
How to pursue a princess
Wicked exposure
Feathers in the fire
The last anniversary
Trading places
Donovan creed two up 1-2
Fleeced
Honour thyself
Bright young things
The next always
Three wishes : a novel
Country wives
A Winter Bride
Everything to gain
Dreaming of a stranger
The diabolical Miss Hyde
Dare to surrender
The single girl's to-do list
Silver linings : a Rose Harbor novel
The other side of the story
One small act of kindness
The nosy neighbor
The Ravenscar dynasty
What Alice forgot
The story of three women whose friendship will change their lives forever.
The honey trap
I heart Vegas
Dear teacher : Alternative school logbook 1979-1980
Mini shopaholic
Friday's child
Nothing more
Strong medicine
The look of love
Operation sunshine
"FIRST IN A NEW TRILOGY   From Charlaine Harris, the bestselling author who created Sookie Stackhouse and her world of Bon Temps, Louisiana, comes a darker locale-populated by more strangers than friends. But then, that's how the locals prefer it.  Welcome to Midnight, Texas, a town with many boarded-up windows and few full-time inhabitants, located at the crossing of Witch Light Road and Davy Road. It's a pretty standard dried-up western town.  There's a pawnshop (someone lives in the basement and is seen only at night). There's a diner (people who are just passing through tend not to linger). And there's new resident Manfred Bernardo, who thinks he's found the perfect place to work in private (and who has secrets of his own).  Stop at the one traffic light in town, and everything looks normal. Stay awhile, and learn the truth... "--
The Birthday Party
Past sins
Will you still love me tomorrow?
The next best thing
Muting on the Bounty
The talisman ring
The secret shopper affair
Sugar and spice
The Not-so-secret Diary of a City Girl
Something I'm Not
Postcards from the Heart
Sweet tomorrows : a Rose Harbor novel
The chance
The hero
Did I mention I miss you?
Dare to hold
In Her Shoes
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Sex and the single vampire
Memory in death
First Sight
The other side of me : [a memoir]
Gender-specific features of male/female interaction in a popular romantic novel by Barbara Cartland
Bed of roses
Once in a lifetime
The stars shine down
Instructions for bringing up scarlett
The shadow wife
Dare to touch
About Last Night ...
The chocolate heart
The one & only : a novel
Seven days one summer
I think I love you
Avery Dare lives a quiet life in Miami as an online fashion/makeup video blogger. She has good friends, a close, large family and if her love life is lacking, she likes it that way. But when she receives an invitation to one of her ex's concerts along with an invitation to meet him back stage, she decides to take the risk...and comes face to face with the reality of his rock star lifestyle -- the press, the crowds, and the half naked groupies. When Avery is threatened by a stalker, it becomes evident Grey's fans not only don't want him to retire, they don't want Avery in his life either. And Avery isn't sure she wants the pressures that are part of Grey's life...but she doesn't want to lose him again, either.
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
Shopaholic & Sister
The wedding
L. A. Candy
Creature comforts
The hating game
Under the knife
A serving of scandal
Cast in flame
The gossip girl : it had to be you
Luck be a lady
The lost prince
Forever... : A novel of good and evil, love and hope
The newcomer
Dare to love
The invitation
The patchwork marriage
Going home
California Summer
Bed : a novel
Lady of quality
Summer of love
A winter bride
Old sins
The inheritance
Up close and dangerous : a novel
The Gatecrasher
Thurston House
For all time
Death's daughter
Frederica
"Set in Cedar Cove's charming Rose Harbor Inn, Debbie Macomber's captivating new novel follows innkeeper Jo Marie and two new guests as they seek healing and comfort, revealing that every cloud has a silver lining, even when it seems difficult to find.  Since opening the Rose Harbor Inn, Jo Marie Rose has grown close to her handyman, Mark Taylor. Jo Marie and Mark are good friends--and are becoming something more--yet he still won't reveal anything about his past. When Mark tells her that he's moving out of town, Jo Marie is baffled. Just when she is starting to open herself up again to love, she feels once more that she is losing the man she cares about. And as she discovers the secret behind Mark's decision to leave, she welcomes two visitors also seeking their own answers.  Best friends Kellie Crenshaw and Katie Gilroy have returned to Cedar Cove for their ten-year high school reunion, looking to face down old hurts and find a sense of closure. Kellie, known as Coco, wants to finally confront the boy who callously broke her heart. Katie, however, wishes to reconnect with her old boyfriend, James--the man she still loves and the one who got away. As Katie hopes for a second chance, Coco discovers that people can change--and both look to the exciting possibilities ahead.  Heartwarming and uplifting, Silver Linings is a beautiful novel of letting go of the past and embracing the unexpected"--
The Kirilov star
Donovan creed two up 5-6
Wicked shots
Then and always
Pretty woman
Grand passion
Cast in flight
Sea swept
Night shift
What you don't know
Risky business
The heist : a novel
Three sisters
Duchess in love
The chocolate thief
Cast in moonlight
Heroes are my weakness : a novel
Firefly summer
And then it happened
A good catch
Demonic texts and textual demons : the demonic tradition, the self, and popular fiction
Midnight crossroad
Cast in sorrow
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Considering Kate
The Night She Got Lucky
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
The mistress
Me before you
The first wife
Hold the dream
All fall down : a novel
My husband next door
The silent sister : a novel
Dollhouse : a novel /Kourtney, Kim and Khloé Kardashian
The real deal
Writing popular fiction
About last night
The love verb
The secret life of Evie Hamilton
Family album
The rocky road to romance
Sex, lies, and vampires
The fourth queen
The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm.
One with you
All the single ladies : a novel
The honey queen
The way we were
The summer girls
Wicked release
Starry night
Scarlet nights
The girls of Mischief bay
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
Enchanted
Rumour has it
"The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm"--
Dare to submit
The secret life of a slummy mummy
Follow me
Iris and Ruby
