http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3001 rulers (role)
rulers (role)
The kings & queens of Britain
Tiny tyrant. Volume 2 : The lucky winner
Lords of Waterdeep : board game
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Gloriana, or, the unfulfill'd queen : being a romance
The leopards of Normandy.n[2] : Duke
Elric of Melniboné
Lords of Waterdeep : Scoundrels of Skullport. Board game expansion
The emperor is dead...long live the emperor! The fervent hope of the victorious rebels and the survivors of the uprising that liberated the City from tyranny is that the accession of Archange to the imperial throne will usher in a new era of freedom, peace and stability. If only that were so. As the City struggles to return to something resembling normal life after the devastation brought on by the rebellion, word arises of a massive army gathering to the north. No one knows where it has come from or who leads it, but it soon becomes apparent that its sole purpose is to destroy the City and annihilate all - man, woman and child - who live within its battered walls. And while warriors go forth to fight and die on the battlefield in defence of their homeland and all that they believe in, bitter family feuds and ancient rivalries, political and personal betrayals, and mindless murder surface within the palaces and corridors of power: it seems the City is under siege - from both without and within...With this new novel, Stella Gemmell brings the astonishing story of the City to a spectacular climax and confirms her place as a master of the genre.
The grand ducal family of Luxembourg
No other life
The royal pain
How kings are made - how kingship changes : a study of rituals and ritual change in pre-colonial and colonial Owamboland, Namibia
Regime change in the ancient Near East and Egypt : from Sargon of Agade to Saddam Hussein
The imperial cult in the Latin West : studies in the ruler cult of the western provinces of the Roman Empire. Vol. 1, 1-2
The rise of the Romanovs
Queens Consort, Cultural Transfer and European Politics examines the roles that queens consort played in dynastic politics and cultural transfer between their natal and marital courts during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. This collection of essays analyses the part that these queens played in European politics, showing how hard and soft power, high politics and cultural influences, cannot be strictly separated. It shows that the root of these consorts' power lay in their dynastic networks and the extent to which they cultivated them. The consorts studied in this book come from territories such as Austria, Braunschweig, Hanover, Poland, Portugal, Prussia and Saxony and travel to, among other places, Britain, Naples, Russia, Spain and Sweden. The various chapters address different types of cultural manifestation, among them collecting, portraiture, panegyric poetry, libraries, theatre and festivals, learning, genealogical literature and architecture. The volume significantly shifts the direction of scholarship by moving beyond a focus on individual historical women to consider 'queens consort' as a category, making it valuable reading for students and scholars of early modern gender and political history.
Who was King? Who was not King? : the rulers and the ruled in the ancient Near East
The people of the sky
Selected works. 3, June 1960-October 1965
A brief history of the dynasties of China
The Valley of the Kings : Egypt classical art tours
For the love of the Royal Family : a companion
Tiny tyrant. Volume 1 : Ethelbertosaurus
A passing power : an examination of the sources for the history of Aram-Damascus in the second half of the ninth century B.C
Genghis Khan : the man who conquered the world
Sikkim : requiem for a Himalayan kingdom
The sacred band
The serpent's tooth
Red Rose, white rose
The woman who would be King : Hatshepsut's rise to power in Ancient Egypt
I have a dream : the speeches that changed history
Stalin's instruments of terror : CHEKA, OGPU, NKVD, KGB from 1917 TO 1991
Chronicle of the chinese emperors : the reign-by-reign record of the rulers of Imperial China
The immortal throne
Dangerous days in Elizabethan England : a history of the terrors and the torments, the dirt, diseases and deaths suffered by our ancestors
Elric : The balance lost. [Vol. 2]
Cleopatra's shadows
The leopards of Normandy. [1], Devil
The wrath and the dawn
Ágrip af Nóregskonungasogum : a twelfth-century synoptic history of the kings of Norway
The politics of autocracy : letters of Alexander II to Prince A. I. Bariatinskii, 1857-1864
Elias the cursed
The viceroys and governors-general of India, 1757-1947
A dangerous inheritance
The Maharaja & the princely states of India
The Medici : power, money, and ambition in the Italian renaissance
The king
Indian statesmen, dewans and prime ministers of native states
Napoleon Bonaparte : his rise and fall
The imperial coronation durbar (illustrated). Vol. 1
The tainted throne
Women rulers throughout the ages : an illustrated guide
The marriage game
Blood against the snows : the tragic story of Nepal's royal dynasty
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
The making of the Indian princes
Sid Meier's civilization : The board game
Heir to Sevenwaters
Tudor : the family story
Days of God : the revolution in Iran and its consequences
The great leader and the fighter pilot : escaping tyranny in North Korea
The just king : monarchical judicial authority in ancient Israel
Abstract: One for many: on the Althusser's interpretation  of Machiavelli.
The last queen of India
Twice upon a Marigold
Kingdoms of Europe : an illustrated encyclopedia of ruling monarchs from ancient times to the present
The jewels of the Romanovs : family & court
Black wolves
From might to mandate : values in rulers' public speeches in Finland 1809-2000
The prisoner of Zenda
The Queen's speech : an intimate portrait of the Queen in her own words
Justin the First : an introduction to the epoch of Justinian the Great
The judging eye
Hero. Foreigner. Queen. Elisa, at the age of seventeen, is all three. And all three draw enemies. Faced with assassins, court politics, and the threat of civil war, Elisa despairs of being the ruler her people need. Her only hope is the Godstone. She must master its power once and for all. She finds clues hidden in a long forgotten--and forbidden--scripture. Accompanied by a one-eyed warrior, an enemy defector, and the man she is falling in love with, Elisa takes a leap of faith and crosses an ocean in search of the ultimate source of the Godstone's power. But her faith has always had a price, and doing the right thing might mean giving up the power she desperately needs. And it might mean giving up the man she desperately loves.
Saladin : the life, the legend and the Islamic empire
Byzantium : the early centuries
Ruler of the world
Homeland of emperors : Roman rulers from the territory of modern Serbia
Victoria - the Queen : an intimate biography of the woman who ruled an empire
An authoritative and accessible guide to the British monarchy from pre-conquest rulers to the present day House of Windsor. Maps, photos, paintings, and genealogies accompany a wealth of information on the kings and queens of Britain. Find out about their lives, personalities, policies, key dates, places of residence, legacies, and much more.
Egyptian pharaohs : 3000 years of dynastic rule
The tudors : kings, queens, scribes and ferrets
Children of Chaos
The Asif Jahs of Hyderabad : their rise and decline
Women who ruled
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
Kings & queens of empire : British monarchs 1760-2000
Every inch a king : comparative studies on kings and kingship in the ancient and medieval worlds
Queens consort, cultural transfer and European politics, c. 1500-1800
The Sumerian king list
Kings, rulers and statesmen
Elric : The balance lost. [Vol. 3]
Akbar : the magnificent king
Age of assassins : a history of conspiracy and political violence 1865-1981
Katherine Howard : the tragic story of Henry VIII's fifth queen
Henry VIII : king and court
Selected works. 1, November 1941-October 1948
The warrior's princess
The king of tiny things
The hallowed hunt : a novel
Elizabeth I : Renaissance prince : a biography
The lost fortune of the tsars
Traitors in the shadows : an historical novel
Mother of Lies
The Goblin Emperor
A brief history of the great Moghuls
Dracula's wars : Vlad the Impaler and his rivals
Asoka : the Buddhist emperor of India
Game of queens : the women who made sixteenth-century Europe
Before the throne : dialogs with Egypt's great from Menes to Anwar Sadat
Worlds Of Arthur : facts & fictions of the dark ages
Twelve kings in Sharakhai
Selected works. 4, February 1966-July 1975
Selected works. 2, November 1948-November 1960
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
Once
The white-luck warrior
Crown and realm : a review of the British Empire, its builders and rulers
Faravid. 30. 2006 : Pohjois-Suomen historiallisen yhdistyksen vuosikirja = Acta Societatis historicae Finlandiae septentrionalis
The rose and the dagger
The royal mess
The men who ruled India. 1, The founders
The other lands
Kings and queens of England and great Britain
Dynasties of the world : a chronological and genealogical handbook
Augustus : From revolutionary to Emperor
The folding knife
The royal house of Monaco : dynasty of glamour, tragedy and scandal
The Carolingian world
Abstract in english.
Chronicle of the Roman Republic : the rulers of ancient Rome from Romulus to Augustus
Shaka the great
The last concubine
England under the Tudors
The crown of embers
Iron & rust
Queen Elizabeth II and the royal family
Selected works. 5, November 1976-June 1980
Elric : The balance lost. [Vol. 1]
The imperial cult in the Latin West : studies in the ruler cult of the western provinces of the Roman Empire. Vol. 2, 2
The people's will
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
Three kings in Baghdad : the tragedy of Iraq's monarchy
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
Emperor of stone : Qin and the terra cotta armies
Legitimation in imperial China : discussions under the Jurchen-Chin dynasty, 1115-1234
The private lives of the Tudors : uncovering the secrets of Britain's greatest dynasty
Kings and queens of Great Britain : a genealogical chart showing their descent, relationships & coats of arms
Half a king
Red rising
The great nation : France from Louis XV to Napoleon
From Emperor to citizen : the autobiography of Aisin-Gioro Pu Yi. Vol. 1-2
Highlanders : a history of the Highland clans
The royal treatment
Elric. Volume 1 : The ruby throne
Journey to Britannia : from the heart of Rome to Hadrian's Wall, AD 130
The golden book of India : a genealogical and biographical dictionary of the ruling princes, chiefs, nobles, and other personages, titled or decorated of the Indian empire
Crown of a thousand years : a millennium of British history presented as a pageant of kings and queens
Imperial St. Petersburg : pages from history 1703-1917
The Usborne book of kings & queens
Thirteenth century England. 3, Proceedings of the Newcastle Upon Tyne conference 1989
Ritual pečal'nogo korteža : ritual pohoron Rossijskih imperatorov = Funeral ceremonies for Russian emperors
