http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3008 photosynthesis
photosynthesis
Photosynthesis : molecular, physiological and environmental processes
Photosynthesis : And Related Processes. Vol. 2 Part 1, Spectroscopy and fluorescence of photosynthetic pigments; kinetics of photosynthesis
Field crops in a CO2-enriched atmosphere
Seasonal response of biomass growth and allocation of a boreal bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climate change
Photosynthesis : proceedings of the C. S. French symposium on photosynthesis held in Stanford, California, July 17-23, 1988
Distribution of chlorophyll in the lichen Cladonia alpestris
Ecology of Rhacomitrium lanuginosum (Hedw.) Brid
English summary.
Effects of low temperature and excessive light on photosynthesis in unhardened and cold-acclimated herbaceous plants
New vistas in measurement of photosynthesis : proceedings of a Royal Society discussion meeting held on 25 and 26 May 1989
Photosynthesis : And Related Processes. 1, Chemistry of Photosynthesis, Chemosynthesis and Related Processes in Vitro and in Vivo
Adult learner ́s conceptual change during studying textbook text concerning photosynthesis
C[sub 4] grasses and cereals : growth, development, and stress response
Regulation of photosynthesis
Photosynthesis: mechanisms and effects : Proceedings of the XIth International Congress on Photosynthesis, Budapest, Hungary, August 17-22, 1998
Size- and age-related changes in tree structure and function
The genetic basis of plant physiological processes
Primary marine aerosol production : studies using bubble-bursting experiments
Challenges in enzyme catalysis - photosystem II and orotidine decarboxylase : a density functional theory treatment
Oxygenic photosynthesis : the light reactions
Measurement of photosynthetically active radiation within canopies : development of a novel method and technique
Photosystem II : the light-driven water: plastoquinone oxidoreductase
The role of two aquaporins in plant water relations
Measurement of primary production from the molecular to the global scale : proceedings of a symposium held in La Rochelle, 21-24 April 1992
Ecology of photosynthesis in sun and shade
Advances in ecological research : vol. 19. 19
Assimilation and allocation of carbon in Scots pine seedlings during shoot elongation and as affected by soil temperature
Water relations in pear as affected by light levels controlled by kaolin
Due to the consequences of global warming and significant greenhouse gas emissions, several ideas have been studied to reduce these emissions or to suggest solut ions for pollutant removal. The most promising ideas are reduced consumption, waste recovery and waste treatment by biological systems. In this latter category, studies have demonstrated that the use of microalgae is a very promising solution for the biofixation of carbon dioxide. In fact, these micro-organisms are able to offset high levels of CO2 thanks to photosynthesis. Microalgae are also used in various fields (food industry, fertilizers, biofuel, etc.).
Flexible lateral heterogeneity of the chloroplast thylakoid membrane : a molecular strategy for acclimation of photosynthesis
Dynamic variations in bark hydraulics : understanding whole tree processes and its linkage to bark hydraulic function and structure
CO2 biofixation by microalgae : modeling, estimation and control
Weight increase of some lichens as related to carbon dioxide exchange and thallus moisture
Analysis of the quantum yield of photosynthesis in crop plants
Transport of photoassimilates
Boreal and temperate trees in a changing climate : modelling the ecophysiology of seasonality
Photosynthesis and production in a changing environment : a field and laboratory manual
Alternative electron transfer routes involved in photoprotection of cyanobacteria
Advances in botanical research : vol. 18
Novel proteins involved in dynamics of the photosynthetic apparatus
Comparison of spectral and broad-band models for computing photosynthetically absorbed radiation in turbid waters
Photosynthetic adaptation : chloroplast to landscape
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Chlorophyll a fluorescence : a signature of photosynthesis
Photosystem I : the light-driven plastocyanin: ferredoxin oxidoreductase
Photosynthetic pigments of algae
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Light and life in the sea
Predicting boreal conifer photosynthesis in field conditions
Comparison of drought avoidance and tolerance strategies in Eucalyptus microtheca
Photosynthesis in plants
Primary processes of photosynthesis : principles and apparatus. Part 1
Natural and Artificial Photosynthesis : Solar Power as an Energy Source
Photosynthesis : And Related Processes. 2, Kinetics of Photosynthesis (continued); Addenda to Volume I and Volume II, Part 1.
Clonal differences of aspen (Populus spp.) in responses to elevated ozone and soil nitrogen
Photosynthetic responses to changes in light and temperature : variations among species
Photosynthesis and the environment
Biochemistry of photosynthesis
Net CO2 uptake in natural and artificial light, at various irradiance and water deficit in Pelargonium x hortorum
Photobiology of higher plants
Photosynthesis : And Related Processes. Vol. 2 Part 1, Spectroscopy and fluorescence of photosynthetic pigments : kinetics of photosynthesis
Light acclimation of photosystem II : role of thylakoid protein phosphorylation
The structure and function of plastids
Molecular mechanism of light-induced inactivation of photosystem II and control of D[sub 1] protein proteolysis
Over-expression and regulation of psbA genes in cyanobacterium Synechococcus sp. PCC 7942
Ecology of leaf longevity
Photosynthetic excitons
Mire plants and carbon dioxide dynamics under increased tropospheric ozone concentration and UV-B radiation
Marine photosynthesis with special emphasis on the ecological aspects
Genetic variation in functional and structural productivity determinants in poplar
Photoinhibition : struggle between damage and repair of photosystem II
From molecules to materials : pathways to artificial photosynthesis
Abstract: Net photosynthesis and its dependence on temperature, light and moisture have been studied in Rhacomitrium lanuginosus (Hedw.) Brid. strains from Spitsbergen, Finnish Lapland, S Finland, W Norway, the British Isles, Austrian Alps and from S Georgia. The effect of freezing was also studied...
Photosynthesis and utilization of solar energy : level III experiments
Environmental stress and photosynthesis : significance of membrane lipid unsaturation in the function of photosystem II of cyanobacteria under high-light and low-temperature stress
Leaf-targeted ferredoxin-NADP[+] oxidoreductase (FNR) : electron transfer properties and thylakoid assocoation in Arapidopsis thaliana
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Source-Sink Relationships in Plants : Kaliningrad, Russia, May 21-26, 2007
Molecular mechanisms and interactions in regulation of photosynthetic reactions
Photodamage to Oxygen Evolving Complex - An Initial Event in Photoinhibition of Photosystem II.
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
Chloroplasts
Artificial photosynthesis : from basic biology to industrial application
Characterization of carbonic anhydrase in the unicellular green alga Coccomyxa sp. PA
Carbon balance and component CO2 fluxes in boreal Scots pine stands
Structure and function of chloroplasts
Handbook of photosynthesis
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
Photosynthetic nitrogen assimilation and associated carbon and respiratory metabolism
Regulation of photosynthetic electron transfer in plant chloroplasts
The requirement for chloride and calcium in photosynthetic oxygen evolution
A leaf in time
Plant biochemistry
Algal photosynthesis : the measurement of algal gas exchange
On the origin and assessment of biogenic halocarbons
Primary processes of photosynthesis : principles and apparatus. Part 2
The effect of temperature and PAR on the annual photosynthetic production of Scots pine in northern Finland during 1906-2002
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Light in Horticultural System : Wageningen, The Netherlands, October 14-18, 2012
NADPH-dependent thioredoxin system in regulation of chloroplast functions
Functional-structural plant modelling in crop production
Seasonal responses of photosynthesis and growth of a bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climatic change under varying water regimes
Photodamage to oxygen evolving complex : an initial event in photoinhibition of photosystem II
Effect of incident beam and diffuse radiation on par absorbtion, photosynthesis and transpiration of sitka spruce - a simulation study
Photosynthesis : metabolism, control, and physiology
Photosynthesis : regulation under varying light regimes
Discoveries in photosynthesis
Seawater pH as a controlling factor in macroalgal calcification and photosynthesis
Prediction and measurement of photosynthetic productivity : proceedings of the IBP/PP technical meeting, Trebon, 14-21 September 1969.
Design and construction of tree scale distributed multipoint measuring system of par
The biology of plants
Plant physiology
The ecology of freshwater phytoplankton
"Chlorophyll a Fluorescence: A Signature of Photosynthesis highlights chlorophyll (Chl) a fluorescence as a convenient, non-invasive, highly sensitive, rapid and quantitative probe of oxygenic photosynthesis. Thirty-one chapters, authored by 58 international experts, provide a solid foundation of the basic theory, as well as of the application of the rich information contained in the Chl a fluorescence signal as it relates to photosynthesis and plant productivity. Although the primary photochemical reactions of photosynthesis are highly efficient, a small fraction of absorbed photons escapes as Chl fluorescence, and this fraction varies with metabolic state, providing a basis for monitoring quantitatively various processes of photosynthesis. The book explains the mechanisms with which plants defend themselves against environmental stresses (excessive light, extreme temperatures, drought, hyper-osmolarity, heavy metals and UV). It also includes discussion on fluorescence imaging of leaves and cells and the remote sensing of Chl fluorescence from terrestrial, airborne, and satellite bases. The book is intended for use by graduate students, beginning researchers and advanced undergraduates in the areas of integrative plant biology, cellular and molecular biology, plant biology, biochemistry, biophysics, plant physiology, global ecology and agriculture."
Role of temperature in the biological activity of a boreal forest
Determination of photosynthetic pigments in seawater
The mathematics of photosynthesis and productivity
Characterization of leaf-type ferredoxin-NADP+ oxireductase (FNR) isoforms in Arabidopsis thaliana
Forest tree physiology : proceedings of the International Symposium 25-30 September, 1988 Nancy, France
Light utilization and photosynthetic efficiency of Nannochloris sp. (Chlorophyceae) approached by spectral absorption characteristics and Fast Repetition Rate Fluorometry (FRRF)
Managed ecosystems and CO2 : case studies, processes, and perspectives
Photobiology : the science of life and light
Plastocyanin : a transient link in the photosynthetic electron transfer chain
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
This book provides an overview of how boreal and temperate tree species have adapted their annual cycle of development to the seasonally varying climatic conditions of the zone. The frost hardy dormant phase and the susceptible growth phase are synchronised with the seasonality of the climate. The volume discusses the annual cycle, including various attributes such as the timing of bud burst and other phenological events and the seasonality of photosynthetic capacity or the frost hardiness of the trees. During the last few decades, dynamic ecophysiological models have been increasingly used in studies of the annual cycle, particularly for projecting the ecological effects of climate change. The main emphasis in this volume is on combining the modelling approach with experimental studies and pursuing biological realism in the models.
Photoinhibition of photosystem II : kinetics, photoprotection and mechanism
Aspects on photophosphorylation in Scenedesmus in vivo: phosphate binding and dynamics of adenine nucleotide pools in relation to electron transport pattern
On the effect of continuous light on photosynthesis in mosses
Photosynthetic production of Scots pine in the natural environment
Photosynthesis : photobiochemistry and photobiophysics
On the effect of forest fertilizers on nitrogenase activity in two subarctic lichens
Transition to flowering in herbaceous ornamental perennials : the role of photosynthetic photon flux and vernalization
Photosynthesis : a comprehensive treatise
Resource physiology of conifers : acquisition, allocation and utilization
Biophysical modelling of photosynthetic electron transfer and practical applications to syanobacteria
Light and photosynthesis in aquatic ecosystems
Lipids in photosynthesis : structure, function and genetics
Photosynthetic systems : structure, function and assembly
Photosynthesis
Photosynthesis bibliography
Methods for measurements of chlorophyll fluorescence, luminiscence and photosynthesis in intact plants
Novel regulatory aspects of photosynthetic electron transport in plants
Proceedings of the 6th International Symposium on Light in Horticulture : Tsukuba, Japan November 15-19, 2009
State and change of forest ecosystems - Indicators in current research : proceedings from the ESF workshop. What properties of a forest ecosystem give the best information on state and change, March 21-24, 1983, Uppsala, Sweden
Molecular mechanisms of photosynthesis
Aquatic photosynthesis
Consequences of resistance against photosynthetic inhibitors in Monoraphidium pusillum L.
Gas exchange, water status, and stomatal characteristics in three Eucalyptys microtheca provenances grown in Bura, eastern Kenya
