http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3000 pharaohs
pharaohs
Tutankhamen and the discovery of his tomb by the late Earl of Carnarvon and Mr. Howard Carter
The age of God-kings : 3000-1500 BC
Interpretations of Sinuhe : inspired by two passages : (proceedings of a workshop held at Leiden University, 27-29 November 2009)
Judgement of the Pharaoh : crime and punishment in ancient Egypt
Amenhotep III : Egypt's radiant pharaoh
Favor of the pharaoh
Akhenaten, Pharaoh of Egypt - a new study
Terrible tomb of Tutankhamun
Egypt : secrets of the pharaos
Guide to the valley of the kings
Who built the pyramids? : with internet links
The harem conspiracy : the murder of Ramesses III
The search for Nefertiti : the true story of a remarkable discovery
Night at the museum 2
Gods & pharaohs from Egyptian mythology
The eye of Ra
Tutankhamun : the eternal splendour of the boy pharaoh
Ramses II : an illustrated biography
Guide to the Valley of the Kings
Cleopatra : the last pharaoh
The complete Tutankhamun : the king, the tomb, the royal treasure
Tutankhamun : the life and death of a pharaoh
Gods and pharaohs of Ancient Egypt
The Oxford history of ancient Egypt
The golden king : the world of Tutankhamun
Tales from the tomb. Revenge of the harem
Thebes at war
Pyramids : a Discworld novel
Akhenaten : history, fantasy, and ancient Egypt
The cultular history of pharaohs
Life and death of a pharaoh Tutankhamen
The murder of King Tut
Egyptian pharaohs : 3000 years of dynastic rule
Moses and Akhenaten : the secret history of Egypt at the time of the Exodus
Mummies and ancient Egypt
Studies in pharaonic religion and society in honour of J. Gwyn Griffiths
The gold of the Pharaohs
Akhenaten : Pharaoh of Egypt - a new study
What life was like
Tutankhamun and the golden chariot
The Complete valley of the kings : tombs and treasures of Egypt's greatest pharaos
Ancient civilizations : Egypt, Greece and Mexico
The woman who would be King : Hatshepsut's rise to power in Ancient Egypt
Rhadopis of Nubia
Tutankhamun's treasure
Exploring the world of the Pharaohs : [a complete guide to ancient Egypt]
The pyramid
Akhenaten : king of Egypt
Akhenaten : pharaoh of Egypt - a new study
The tomb of Tut-ankh-Amen
The royal tombs of Egypt : the art of Thebes revealed
The mysterious death of Tutankhamon
The Amarna age : Egypt
The tomb of Tutankhamun : discover Egypt's greatest wonder
Egypt : secrets of the pharaohs
Egypt's radiant pharaoh
Ancient Egypt - the glory of the Pharaohs
"The life story and times of Amenhotep III, the richest, most powerful ruler in the world 4300 years ago, and one of the most artistically productive in the history of the world. This book plucks Amenhotep III, who ruled for 38 years and called himself "dazzing" from the shadows of his son, Akhenaten, and grandson Tutankhamen, and follows his life from conception to Afterlife. The prince's multi-faceted education and possible early career are outlined. As king, his many wives, especially the great queen Tiy, and interational relations, including trade in West Asian princesses, gold, and honrses, are documented. Royal and courtly lifestyles, including palaces, villas, fuenishing, and fashions, are described, as well as major monuments, military activity, and weaponry. Ahistorical and geographic introduction sets the stage"--Provided by publisher.
Who built the pyramids?
Egyptology : an introduction to the history, art and culture of ancient Egypt
A history of the Pharaohs
The treasures of the Valley of the Kings : tombs and temples of the Theban west bank in Luxor
Gods, priests and men : studies in the religion of pharaonic Egypt
Ramesses II : a chronological structure for his reign
Tutankhamun uncovered : the adventure behind the curse
Tutankhamun : and the golden age of the pharaohs
The female pharaoh Hatshepsut reigned for nearly twenty years during Egypt's early New Kingdom in the fifteenth century B.C. First acting as regent for her young nephew/stepson Thutmose III, she in time assumed the title of king and exercised the full powers of the throne as senior co-ruler. In accordance with Egyptian tradition, Hatshepsut was often depicted as a male king. After her death, however, monuments bearing her image were ruthlessly defaced, and her name was erased from historical accounts. Hatshepsut's rise to power and the nature of her kingship have long been debated by scholars. This fascinating period, one of immense artistic creativity, is illuminated by this volume's rich presentation of monumental royal sculpture and reliefs, ceremonial objects, exquisite personal items for everyday use, and dazzling jewelry. Essays focus on influences from the neighboring Near East, Nubia, and the Aegean; the innovative architecture built by Hatshepsut; powerful figures in the royal court during her reign; archaeological finds from this period; and mysteries surrounding the destruction of Hatshepsut's statues and the obliteration of her name. The first in-depth treatment of the subject, Daughter of Re is an important investigation into the impact of Hatshepsut's reign on the history, culture, and artistic output of Egypt. --Publisher description.
The mysteries of ancient Egypt : an illustrated reference to the myths, religions, pyramids and temples of the land of the pharaohs
The prehistory of Egypt : from the first Egyptians to the first pharaohs
Ancient lives : the story of the Pharaohs' tombmakers
Mummy mysteries : the secret world of Tutankhamun and the pharaohs
Nefertiti : a novel
Faces of pharaohs : royal mummies and coffins from ancient Thebes
The mountains of pharaoh : 2000 years of pyramid exploration
Ramses. [5] : Under the western acacia / translated by Dorothy Blair
A puzzling day in the land of the pharaohs
Egypt : land of the pharaohs
The private lives of the Pharaohs
The warrior pharaohs
Ramesses : Egypt's greatest pharaoh
Hatshepsut : from queen to Pharaoh
EGYPTI, LAHJA SIVILISAATIOLLE. 1 : TUTANKHAMON, RAMSES II, CLEOPATRA
Tomb of the golden bird
The lost pharaohs : the romance of egyptian archaeology
Awful Egyptians
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
Queens of the pharaohs
Tutankhamen : The life and death of the boy-king
The life and times of Akhnaton, pharaoh of Egypt
Tales from the tomb. Egypts warrior kings
Ramses : the temple of a million years
Monarchs of the Nile
Egyptian festivals : enactments of religious renewal
Sacred sites of ancient Egypt : an illustrated guide to the temples, tombs and pyramids
Tutankhamun : the book of shadows
The shrines of Tut-Ankh-Amon
Who were the pharaohs? : a history of their names with a list of cartouches
Tutankhamen : life and death of a pharaoh
Ships of the Pharaohs : 4000 years of Egyptian shipbuilding : drawings by the author
The complete royal families of Ancient Egypt
