http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3011 payments traffic
payments traffic
Grenzüberschreitender Zahlungsverkehr im europäischen Binnenmarkt = Transboundary payment transactions in the European single market = Transactions financières transfrontières dans le Marché unique européen
EU payments integration : the tale of SEPA, PSD and other milestones along the road
Evolving payment habits : proceedings of the Bank of Finland Payment Habits Seminar 2008
Electronic money trends : user's perspective
Intraday liquidity needs in a modern interbank payment system : a simulation approach
Payment system risks in Finland and the need for regulation and supervision
International money and credit : the policy roles
Responsible business : self-governance and law in transnational economic transactions
Network topology, system mechanics and behavioral dynamics in interbank payment systems
Exchange rates and international finance
Reflections on a troubled world economy : essays in honour of Herbert Giersch
The European Central Bank : institutional aspects
How EC and World Bank Policies Are Destroying Agriculture and the Environment : - A European and third World Perspective -
Payments remain fundamental for banks and central banks
Abstract: Pricing of payment services for private customers in Finland.
Forecasting the electronification of payments with learning curves : the case of Finland
Commercial law
Instructions for enterprises : January 1996.
Exchange rates, payments adjustment, and OPEC : why oil deficits persist
Cybercash : the coming era of electronic money
Abstract.
Specifications for clearing system in public transport in Finland
Payment systems in global perspective
Carl Menger and the evolution of payments systems : from Barter to electronic money
Corporate treasury and cash management
International money : theory, evidence and institutions
An international bibliography of payment instruments and systems literature for the years 1985-1991
Optimizing liquidity usage and settlement speed in payment systems
The use of Finnish consultancy trust funds : review on trust funds in the World Bank, the International Fund for Agricultural Development, the International Finance Corporation and the African Development Bank
Substitution of noncash payment instruments for cash in Europe
An introduction to global financial markets
Financial cryptography : 5th International Conference, FC 2001, Grand Cayman, British West Indies, February 19-22,  2001, proceedings
Adoption of e-banking services in Europe : case of self-service payment kiosks
Payment and settlement systems in Finland 1995
The hotel book-keeper receptionist
International business, the recession and economic restructuring
The role of the banks in the letter of credit transaction
Payment habits 2010+ : seminar 27-28 August 2008, Helsinki : papers
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, State and economy : Chapter 20 : Money and foreign exchange
Trends in distributed systems for electronic commerce : International IFIP/GI Working Conference, TREC '98, Hamburg, Germany, June 3-5, 1998, proceedings
Adaption and renegotiation of contracts in international trade and finance
The fund and China in the international monetary system : papers presented at a colloquium held in Beijing, China, October 20-28, 1982
Negotiation of international contracts
The reemergence of the purchasing power parity doctrine in the 1970s
International monetary collaboration
Asset markets, exchange rates, and economic integration : a synthesis
The international money market
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Skip Allums designs next-generation mobile banking and payments experiences for some of the world's largest financial service providers. In this book, he offers on-the-ground insights into present and future design patterns in this space, as well as lessons learned and common pitfalls. With mobile devices emerging as new tools for transactions and identification, designers face challenging interactions and user expectations from payment scenarios. Consumers expect mobile payment experiences to be frictionless and familiar, while faithfully protecting their financial data. Falling short on either of these aspects will cause users to drop out, or worse, compromise their financial privacy. To help designers meet these challenges, this book provides a primer on the world of mobile commerce, as well as user experience best practices.
The Internet of Things is all about machines trading with machines - your fridge orders groceries; your car, fuel; your television, entertainment; and so on. However, machines cannot trade with machines if it's expensive and slow. Would you really want your TV to order the next season of Games of Thrones, if the payment took ten days and cost 25 or more? Unfortunately with the way the bank system works today, that is the problem we face today. As a result, we need an Internet of Value to work with the Internet of Things. The Internet of Value - or ValueWeb, for short - allows machines to trade.
Payment systems and banking technology in Finland
The business of banking : an introduction to the modern financial services industry
Payment systems in the European Union : addendum incorporating 1998 figures
Payment and settlement system simulator : seminar 25-27 August 2008, Helsinki
The SAP R/3 handbook
Globalisation : threat or opportunity?
International contracts and payments
International payments and monetary policy in the world today
International finance : management, markets, and institutions
Payment systems in the European Union
Interbank funds transfer systems : liquidity needs, counterparty risks and collateral
Influence of Single Euro Payment Area to management from perspective of accounting
Standby letters of credit : a comprehensive guide
Trader's ABC. 3, Payments
Methods of payment in Finnish foreign trade : cases and exercises for classroom work
Law and policy reform at the Asian Development Bank. Vol. 2.
Payment systems for public transport
Papers of the Congress of Political Economists (COPE) 14th Annual International Conference presented by Estonian participants, 12-19 July 2003, Mexico City
World trade and payments : an introduction
Cases in international finance
Currencies and crises
The implementation of monetary policy in the euro area : september 2006 : general documentation on eurosystem monetary policy instruments and procedures
The international monetary system under flexible exchange rates : global, regional, and national : essays in honor of Robert Triffin
Contemporary Financial Management
Foreign disturbances and domestic reactions : a comparative study of wage and exchange rate policy reactions in Denmark, Finland, Iceland and Sweden 1973-81
United Nations library on transnational corporations. Vol. 8, Transnational corporations and international trade and payments
Payment and settlement systems in Finland
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
The law of international trade finance
ECS, EDI and EFT in accounting
International money and finance
Migration, remittances and development
Export/import letters of credit and payment methods : a guide for payments in international trade
Guide to payments in trade with Russia
Exchange-rate determination
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
Valueweb : how fintech firms are using mobile and blockchain technologies to create the Internet of value
Multinational business finance
Documentary credits in practice
Mobile money transfer: A focus on the impact and usage
Electronic Fund Transfers (EFT) in Finland - a unique paperless system Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) - solutions for big and small businesess : Elektronikus Adatcsere (EDI), February 15, 1995 Budapest, Hungary
Domestic and international banking
General arrangements applicable to capital movements
The international money market : an assessment of forecasting techniques and market efficiency
Creation the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
eBusiness essentials : technology and network requirements for mobile and online markets
Law of International Trade
The long integration process of European monetary policy has taken long step during the last decade. First the euro was introduced in 1999 and now the European payment system is being standardized. SEPA means Single Euro Payments Area. Its purpose is to standardize and to create more efficient payment systems in the euro area. SEPA consist of all EU euro zone countries, EU non-euro zone countries and EEA zone countries. The first steps of implementation of SEPA were conducted in beginning of 2007, when the IBAN account number was taken into use in the euro area. The objective of this thesis was to study the shift from national payment transactions to a European payment practice SEPA. Hence cash management is an important part of business, and especially it is crucial to ensure the sufficient volume of money available for the business. Managing short-term financing, controlling the cash flows and choosing and maintaining good bank relations are all important aspects of cash management. Therefore, aim was to gain thorough understanding of how these changes in payment methods affect medium and large sized companies' operating in Finland and especially to their cash and liquidity management.  The study of this thesis was conducted through a qualitative research. Theory was based on literature published on the subject. Background information of SEPA was collected mainly from various sources of the Internet and colleagues from Sampo Bank. This is because there was a lack of relevant literature at the time this thesis was done. Moreover, researcher's own findings and working experience in banking industry was used to gather source material.  The findings indicated that the knowledge of SEPA among medium and large companies was relatively good, and mainly proper preparatory actions have been taken. As there is still transition time left, companies were not in haste to make changes to their payment systems. In this thesis, it appears that moving towards SEPA is a very challenging project but also beneficial to all stakeholders.
Creation of the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
Improving trade procedures between the EU and Russia
Payment systems and the central bank
Legal issues in international credit transfers
E-commerce : a guide to the law of electronic business
Non-cash payments : Role of the banking sector in non-cash payments settlement: Case of CIBANK
Global currency unit : a balanced approach to performance evaluation in multinational enterprises
The relationship between Hofstede's and Schwartz's cultural dimensions and payment delays in the context of the European Union
SEPA migration projects in Finnish companies
Designing mobile payment experiences : principles and best practices for mobile commerce
The rules of the game : reform and evolution in the international monetary system
Developing the interbank payment system : efficiency of public versus private investments
Improving cross-border payments in the Euro area
Cross-border electronic banking : challenges and opportunities
Cash usage in Finland : how much can be explained?
Fair and intelligent transport : working group final report
Contentment of SEPA-introduction of Corporate Customers of Säästöpankki
Banking Technology in Finland
Payments and credits
Bootstrap testing for cointegration of international commodity prices
International business
Managing the new bank technology : an executive blueprint for the future
The everything(R) online auctions book : all you need to buy and sell with success - on eBay(R) and beyond!
