http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3029 congregations
congregations
Parish boundaries : the Catholic encounter with race in the twentieth-century urban North
Souls of the city : religion and the search for community in postwar America
The parish in Catholic tradition : history, theology, and canon law
Liberating leadership : practical styles for pastoral ministry
Bethany Church : fiftieth anniversary : 1900-1958
The formation of medieval Karelia
The Orthodox parish in America : faithfulness to the past and responsibility for the future
Improving the Christian community : agents and objects of control in early modern church visitations
The church and learning in later medieval society : essays in honour of R.B. Dobson : proceedings of the 1999 Harlaxton Symposium
Reframing a new method in pastoral care. Donald Capps
Humanity comes of age : the new context for ministry with the elderly
Parish nursing : the developing practice
Ethics in the sanctuary : examining the practices of organized religion
Constitution of Faith Lutheran Church, Calumet, Michigan : adopted December 23, 1964.
The dedication book for Bethany ev. lutheran church, Ashtabula, Ohio
The christianisation of Finland : a case of want of power in a peripheral area
Abstract.
One Teacher : Jesus' teaching role in Matthew's Gospel report
Faith of our fathers : zion Lutheran Church, formerly Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church, Virginia, Minnesota, 1894-1954
On the life and work of the Helsinki Lutheran parishes
Human distress and human relations in telephone distress service
Golden jubilee publication of St. James Ev. Lutheran Church, Rudyard, Mich. 1902-1952
The church in Antioch in the first century CE : communion and conflict
Hear what the Spirit says to the churches : towards missionary congregations in Europe
Youth participation in religious activities: case study of the congregations of Mikael Agricola and Munkkiniemi Churches in Helsinki, Finland and the Presbyterian Church Down Beach Limbe, Cameroon : a comparative perspective
Strategy for biotechnology and genetic engineering in agriculture
An open or a closed community : leadership in the parish
Congregational studies in the UK : Christianity in a post-Christian context
Assessing initiation training and mentoring of priests in the congregation of Riihimäki
Three groups of people come together for a more-or-less godly cruise around the British Isles: to Lindisfarne, the Loch Ness Monster Museum, Iona and Mull, Dublin and the Scilly Isles. There are familiar faces from St Stephens, Dunbridge; some new folk from Neil's new parish in Derbyshire; and the slightly long-suffering crew, not least her skipper. A cruise is a great place to make new friends, with leisure for decent conversations. It can also be an awkward, confined space with those you would really rather avoid. Some of the party are facing tough decisions - not least of which, whether to say 'yes' - and some tensions just cannot be left on land. This book is a delight: full of compassion, humour, and Pam's acute observations.
The political influence of churches
Parish and belonging : community, identity and welfare in England and Wales, 1700-1950
Doing church as a team
The Finnish church in Thunder Bay 1876-1916
Urban faith 2000 : a conference in Helsinki 21.-26.9.1992
What role did the parish play in people's lives in England and Wales between 1700 and the mid-twentieth century? By comparison with globalisation and its dislocating effects, the book stresses how important parochial belonging once was. Professor Snell discusses themes such as settlement law and practice, marriage patterns, cultures of local xenophobia, the continuance of out-door relief in people's own parishes under the new poor law, the many new parishes of the period and their effects upon people's local attachments. The book highlights the continuing vitality of the parish as a unit in people's lives, and the administration associated with it. It employs a variety of historical methods, and makes important contributions to the history of welfare, community identity and belonging. It is highly relevant to the modern themes of globalisation, de-localisation, and the decline of community, helping to set such changes and their consequences into local historical perspective.
Churchgoing and Christian ethics
Kirkko kasvavassa kaupungissa = Kyrkan i den växande staden = The church in a growing city : The Finnish Lutheran church in Helsinki
Mission-shaped and rural : growing churches in the countryside
The ministry of the missional church : a community led by the Spirit
The use of songs and hymns of Zion in conservative Laestadian congregations of Ghana and Togo
Freedom of and for religion in the experience of the Finnish-American emigré community
Parishes, tithes and society in earlier medieval Poland c. 1100-c. 1250
Betlehem evangelical Lutheran church, Wing, North Dakota : 50th anniversary, 1908-1958 : 10th anniversary of merger, 1948-1958
Wuoristo-St.Timothy's Lutheran Church, Copper Cliff : 100 years 1897-1997
Trekking toward wholeness : a resource for care group leaders
How the Employees of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland Regard Infidelity? : An Attitude Survey in the Dioceses of Espoo and Lapua
How Jesus changes lives : Christian rehabilitation in the Russian Baptist Ministry
Stewards of the Gospel : reforming theological education
Paul in the Roman world : the conflict in Corinth
How Jesus changes lives : Christian rehabilitation in the Russian Babtist Ministry
The integrative parish nursing model : a theoretical framework for practice, education & research
Parish nurses, health care chaplains, and community clergy : navigating the maze of professional relationships
Abstract: The Ideal of volunteerism : an institutional approach to social welfare work in the parishes of the Diocese of Porvoo especially in the deaneries of Iitti and Tampere, Finland, in the years 1897-1923.
Congregations and rural development : the case of the Evangelical Lutheran church of Finland
Crossing the ethnic divide : the multiethnic church on a mission
A perfectly good man
Parish nursing : a handbook for the new millennium
The authority of women hosts of early Christian gatherings in the first and second centuries C.E
To serve and to experience : an autoethnographic study of simultaneous church interpreting
When to take a risk : a guide to pastoral decision making
Healing and wholeness : the churches' role in healing : the report of a study
Dedication St. Mark's Lutheran church : to the glory and service of the Triune God : the first Sunday in December 1. 1957.
Saints and sailors
In every place, both high and low : a survey of Finland's spiritual state and the possibilities of church growth
Managing God's business : religious and faith-based organizations and their management
New Orthodox immigration in Finland
Parish communities and religious conflict in the Vale of Gloucester, 1590-1690
Where do we go from here? : a guidebook for cell group churches
50th anniversary album of Harlem Finnish Ev. Luth. Congregation - 50-vuotis-juhlajulkaisu : Harlemin suom. ev.luth. seurakunta 1903-1953
Ihmisten keskellä : Helsingin evankelisluterilaisten seurakuntien elämää = Mitt ibland människorna : det evangelisklutherska församlingslivet i Helsingfors = Among the people : on the life and work of the Helsinki Lutherab parishes = Mitten unter den Menschen : das Leben der evangelisch-lutherischen Gemeinden Helsinkis
Studying local churches : a handbook
Rural congregational studies : a guide for good shepherds
The early Christians in Ephesus from Paul to Ignatius
Doing justice : congregations and community organizing
The fiftieth anniversary of Paynesville Evangelical Lutheran Congregation Paynesville, Michigan : 1907-1957 : jubilee book
Constitution, by-laws and standing rules of The Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church of Hancock, Michigan
A church in transition
A history of the English parish : the culture of religion from Augustine to Victoria
Art and ecumenism today
Luther's pastors : the reformation in the Ernestine countryside
Steeples topped by crosses still dominate neighbourhood skylines in many American cities, silent markers of local worlds rarely examined by historians. In this study, John McGreevy chronicles the world of Catholic parishes - and connects their place in urban history to the course of American race relations in the 20th century. In portraits of parish life in Boston, Chicago, New York, Philadelphia and other cities, McGreevy examines the contacts and conflicts between Euro-American Catholics and their African-American neighbours. He demonstrates how the territorial nature of the parish - more bound by geography than Protestant or Jewish congregations - kept Catholics in their neighbourhoods, and how this commitment to place complicated efforts to integrate urban neighbourhoods. He also shows how the church responded to the growing number of African-American parishioners by condemning racism, and how this teaching was received in communities rocked by racial strife. Taking the story through the Second Vatican Council and the civil rights movement of the 1960s, McGreevy demonstrates how debates about community and racial justice reshaped the character of American Catholicism. Tracing the transformation of a church, its people, and the nation over the course of nearly a century, this work illuminates the impact of religious culture on the course of modern American history. -- Review: An account of how the Catholic Church in urban areas, with its largely ethnic parishes, responded to American racism and the ferment of the civil rights movement. Throughout most of this century, McGreevy (History/Harvard) asserts, Catholic parishes, with their distinctive emphasis on geographical boundaries, constituted a unique combination of educational, religious, and social communities, representing "a specifically Catholic style of merging neighborhood and region." Catholics arriving in America gravitated to areas in which there were Catholic churches, and the neighborhoods developed a clear, intense ethnic identity that did not easily admit outsiders. McGreevy concentrates on the period between WW I, when the Catholic system of parishes and schools aggressively expanded into every section of the cities, and the early 1970s, when the system began to show signs of strain. He is especially interested in exploring how Catholics and African-Americans interacted with one another. There was, early on, clear Vatican impatience with the existence of separate Catholic institutions for blacks. A number of individuals in the Church were uneasy with the unintended results of the parish system: Jesuit John LaFarge worked for greater integration, as did the Federation of Coloured Catholics. Public figures like Bishop Sheen and Cardinal Spellman presented a vision of Catholicism as transcending national and racial boundaries. Many Catholics endorsed integration in principle but fiercely opposed upsetting the ethnic homeostasis of their own parishes. In the 1960s Catholics' social consciousness was raised by the Second Vatican Council and the civil rights movement. But as the model of integration came to be questioned in the name of respect for diversity, liberal Catholics who had fought against the parish system were, paradoxically, faced with a crisis. For many, their religious affiliation seemed an obstacle that protected a discredited status quo. A thorough, sensitive, and balanced contribution. (Kirkus Reviews)
Faithful to the history faithful to the future : transition from an immigrant congregation to an ethnic congregation
Parish nursing : stories of service and care
A directory of the parochial libraries of the Church of England and the Church in Wales
Studying congregations : a new handbook
Atlas of American Orthodox Christian churches
The music of the English parish church. Vol. 1
Finnish Lutheran Church of Conneaut : fiftieth jubilee festival : July 8th to 15 th 1945 = Conneautin suom. ev. luterilaisen seurakunnan viisikymmenvuotis-riemujuhla heinäkuun 8. p. - 15. p. 1945.
Inside the leader's head : unraveling personal obstacles to ministry
Rural development as a frame analytic challenge for religious communities : the case of rural parishes of the Evangelical Lutheran church of Finland
Open House - Manse and Church : St. John's Lutheran Church : 32 Ellsworth Road Peabody, Massachusetts : May 19, 1957 3-5- p. m.
The music of the English parish church. Vol. 2
Ministry burnout
Teachers in Christian education : report of a survey on the LWF member churches
Breaking new ground : church planting in the Church of England : a report commissioned by the House of Bishops of the General Synod of the Church of England
Messiah Lutheran Church : Duluth, Minnesota : sixtieth anniversary 1899-1959
The middle sized church : problems & prescriptions
Social relations in the urban parish
The letters to the seven churches of Asia in their local setting
Congregations in conflict : cultural models of local religious life
Parish nursing : promoting whole person health within faith communities
Preservers of a faith : American influences on Laestadian congregations in Northern Minnesota, 1870-1950
Graphic design and religion : a call for renewal
Power for God's sake : power and abuse in the local church
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
The normal Christian life
Bananas and coffee : diffusion of fair trade produce in Finland
When even money can't buy - ice sports conditions in Oulu
The last generation of English Catholic clergy : parish priests in the diocese of Coventry and Lichfield in the early sixteenth century
A month of Sundays
Bethlehem Evangelical Lutheran Church Wing, North Dakota : July 27, 1958.
Practical theology in action : Christian thinking in the service of church and society
The United Evangelical Lutheran Church in Australia (U.E.L.C.A.) : its history, activities and characteristics 1838-1938
Pärnumaa kirikud / Churches of Pärnu Cuonty
Church watch : Christianity in the countryside
Worlds within a congregation : dealing with theological diversity
Sitka Lutheran Church celebrates its 150th years : the Finnish legacy in Russian Alaska
Team spirituality : a guide for staff and church
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Faithful to the history, faithful to the future : transition from an immigrant congregation to an ethnic congregation
Pyhän Paavalin suom. ev.-luth. seurakunnan riemuvuosijulkaisu = The jubilee book of St. Paul's Finnish Ev. Lutheran Congregation : 1891-1951
An arrogant arrendator and conflict in church renovations in the mid-eighteenth-century parish of Kokemäki
Religiosity, cultural capital, and parochial schooling : psychological empirical research
Ruotsin suomalainen ortodoksinen seurakunta 1958-1968 = Finska ortodoxa församlingen i Sverige 1958-1968 = Finnish orthodox congregation in Sweden
Majakka on a mission - what is said, what is heard : a closer look at mission related communication in Majakka Church
Vitality means church growth
The ancient church as family
St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church : 50th anniversary
Selling the church : the English parish in law, commerce, and religion, 1350-1550
