http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3023 optical instruments
optical instruments
Modern lens design : a resource manual
Wide-field spectroscopy : proceedings of the 2nd Conference of the Working Group of IAU Commission 9 on "Wide-Field Imaging" held in Athens, Greece, May 20-25, 1996
Analysis and compensation of spectral distortions encountered in two-beam interferometry
Clinical uses of prism : a spectrum of applications
Nonimaging fresnel lenses : design and performance of solar concentrators
Optical alignment : with the Taylor-Hobson micro-alignment telescope and its accessories
Optics in astronomy
Mono-cycle photonics and optical scanning tunneling microscopy : route to Femtosecond Ångstrom technology
Opto-mechanical systems design
Photophysics of molecular materials : from single molecules to single crystals
Theoretical studies and computer simulations of post-detection atmospheric turbulence compensation
Bennett's ophthalmic prescription work
Ion-exchanged diffractive optical elements
Introduction to optics
The Fabry-Perot interferometer : history, theory, practice and applications
Optical shop testing
Optical illusions : the life story of Bernhard Schmidt, the great stellar optician of the twentieth century
Laterna Magica. Band 1 = Magic lantern. Volume 1
Microsensors and catheter-based imaging technology : Los Angeles, California, 11-12 January, 1988
A user's guide to ellipsometry
Introduction to classical and modern optics
The engineering uses of coherent optics : proceedings and edited discussion of a conference held at the University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, 8-11 Apr. 1975, organised by the university in association with the International commission for optics ..
Handbook of optical systems, 3. Vol. 3, Aberration theory and correction of optical systems
Spectroscopic studies of semiconducting single-walled carbon nanotubes
Astronomy from wide-field imaging : proceedings of the 161st symposium of the International Astronomical Union, held in Potsdam, Germany, August 23-27, 1993
Kaleidoscopes : wonders of wonder
Optoelectronics and photonics : principles and practices
Optical system design
Proceedings
Optical switching
Catching the Perfect Wave : Adaptive Optics and Interferometry in the 21st Century : proceedings of a symposium held as a part of the 110th Annual Meeting of the ASP, Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA, 28 June - 1 July 1998
Detection of light : from the ultraviolet to the submillimeter
Physical principles of remote sensing
Photonic MEMS devices : design, fabrication and control
Handbook of optical systems, 1. Vol. 1, Fundamentals of technical optics
Fundamentals of electro-optic systems design : communications, lidar, and imaging
Integrated optics for instrumentation applications
Binoculars, opera glasses and field glasses
Stellar photometry : current techniques and future developments : proceedings of the IAU Colloquium no. 136 held in Dublin, Ireland, 4-7 August 1992
Dispersion measurements of fiber-optic components and applications of a novel tunable filter for optical communications
Visual instrumentation : optical design and engineering principles
Hyperspectral prism-grating-prism imaging spectrograph
Optical measurement systems for industrial inspection 2. : applications in production engineering : 20-21 June 2001, Munich, Germany
Techniques of the observer : on vision and modernity in the nineteenth century / Jonathan Crary
Telescope optics : evaluation and design
Introduction to geometrical optics
Polarization interferometers : applications in microscopy and macroscopy
Fabrication methods for precision optics
Optical imaging devices : new technologies and applications
Optics and its uses
Handbook of optical and laser scanning
Modern optical engineering : the design of optical systems
Alhacen on image-formation and distortion in mirrors : a critical edition, with English translation and commentary, of book 6 of Alhacen's De Aspectibus
Handbook of optomechanical engineering
Proceedings of the ICO-16 Satellite Conference on Active and Adaptive Optics : August 2-5, 1993, Garching/Munich, Germany
Handbook of optical systems. Vol. 2, Physical image formation
Optical detectors for astronomy II : state-of-the art at the turn of the millennium
Handbook of optical materials
Applied photographic optics : lenses and optical systems for photography, film, video, electronic and digital imaging
Multipoint-NIR-measurements in pharmaceutical powder applications
Optical tweezers : a tool for nonintrusive micromanipulation of biological objects
Handbook of optical engineering
Building electro-optical systems : making it all work
Science preserved : a directory of scientific instruments in collections in the United Kingdom and Eire
Optical engineering fundamentals
All-optical signal processing : data communication and storage applications
Diffractive optics based on V-shaped structures and its applications
Independent variables for optical surfacing systems : synthesis, characterization and application
Holographic interferometry
Fundamentals of micro-optics
Nowadays mobile devices play a significant role in a modern human being's life. Today regular usage of cellphones is far beyond only making calls and texting messages. Rapid and constant development of mobile software platforms and their growing popularity attract third party developers to build new applications for such platforms. Equipped with variety of sensors, they have become powerful tools which help in various aspects of life, from entertaining and gaming to examining and keeping track of health. One such useful application of a cellphone could be turning it into a wireless mouse. Sometimes it happens that a computer mouse is forgotten at home and there is not a convenient substitute for it at the moment. However, a mobile phone is such an item which is always close at hand. This thesis aims at designing and creating an Android application prototype which allows using an Android device as a computer mouse. The project relies on data provided by an accelerometer sensor. This work covers relevant theoretical background, such as Verlet Integration, Bluetooth Architecture, data filtering, which are necessary for completing the application (prototype) and implementation details of key aspects of the project.
Resonant waveguide gratings by replication and atomic layer deposition
Topical meeting on adaptive optics : October 2-6, 1995, Garching bei München, Germany : proceedings
Effectiveness of Automated Optical Inspection
"Preface: Optical and laser scanning is the controlled deflection of light, visible or invisible. The aim of Handbook of Optical and Laser Scanning is to provide engineers, scientists, managerial technologists, and students with a resource to be used as a reference for understanding the fundamentals of optical scanning technology. This text has evolved from three previous books, Laser Beam Scanning (1985), Optical Scanning (1991), and Handbook of Optical and Laser Scanning (2004). Since their publication, many advances have occurred in optical scanning, requiring updating of previous material and introduction of additional scanning technologies. This new edition also adds a few chapters on scanning applications illustrating the practical use of scanning technology. Optical and laser scanning is a topic that is extremely broad in scope. It encompasses the mechanisms that control the deflection of light, optical systems that work with these mechanisms to perform scanning functions and factors that affect the fidelity of the images generated or obtained from the scanning systems. Each of these subtopics is addressed in this book from a variety of perspectives. A scanning system can be an input or output system or a combination of both. Input systems acquire images in either two or three dimensions. These systems can operate at a fixed wavelength or over a broad spectrum. They can reacquire the original light source by gathering either the specular or diffuse reflection or by fluorescing the image and acquiring the fluoresced light. Output systems direct light to produce images for applications such as marking, visual projection, and hard copy output. Ladar and many inspection systems use the same optical path to both illuminate the scene and acquire the image"--
Selected papers on optical techniques for industrial inspection
Machine Vision News : solutions in industry
Effect of dirt on the behavior of light on a nanostructured surface
Finite element modeling methods for photonics
Optometric instrumentation
Practical optical system layout : and use of stock lenses
Optical devices in ophthalmology and optometry : technology, design principles, and clinical applications
This text gives a comprehensive review of modern optical technologies alongside their clinical deployment. It bridges the technology and clinical domains and will be suitable in both technical and clinical environments. It introduces and develops basic physical methods (in optics, photonics, and metrology) and their applications in the design of optical systems for use in medical technology with a special focus on ophthalmology. Medical applications described in detail demonstrate the advantage of utilizing optical-photonic methods. Exercises and solutions for each chapter help understand and apply basic principles and methods. An associated website run by the authors will include slides to facilitate the teaching/training of this material, and typical images collected by the described methods, eg videos of endoscopy or navigation, OCT, etc.
Optical design for visual systems
Metallic thin film structures and polarization shaping gratings
Astronomical observations : an optical perspective
Turning an Android cellphone into wireless mouse
Machine vision news : solutions in industry
Optics demystified
Handbook of optical systems. Vol. 4, Survey of optical instruments
The kaleidoscope book : a spectrum of spectacular scopes to make
"Revealing the fundamentals of light beam deflection control, factors in image fidelity and quality, and the newest technological developments currently impacting scanner system design and applications, this highly practical reference reviews elements of laser beam characterization and describes optical systems for laser scanners. Featuring a logical chapter organization, authoritative yet accessible writing, hundreds of supporting illustrations, and contributions from 27 international subject specialists, this book affords a valuable range of perspectives as well as global coverage of optical and laser beam scanning. "--
Near-Earth laser communications
Optics : an introduction for students of engineering
