http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3020 sense organs
sense organs
Sensors and sensing in biology and engineering
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy 1. Vol. 1, Head, neck, upper limb
Multivariate analysis of data in sensory science
Fundamentals of children's anatomy and physiology : a textbook for nursing and healthcare students
The structural basis of neurobiology
Boreal unifloral honeys : screening of composition and properties
Relating microstructure, sensory and instrumental texture of processed oat
Food acceptability
Annual variation in sensory characteristics of seventeen apple cultivars
Sensory quality in foods and beverages : definition, measurement and control
The size of major mammalian sensory organs as measured from cranial characters, and their relation to the biology and evolution of mammals
Sensory analysis : general guidance for the design of test rooms
Sensory exotica : a world beyond human experience
Advances in sensory food science : Rose Marie Pangborn memorial Symposium August 2-6, 1992, Järvenpää, Finland : abstracts
The chemical senses
Design and analysis of sensory optimization
Development of a new gustatory test based on taste identification and intensity judgement
Sensory evaluation techniques. Vol. 1
Wine's company : a course of 20 wine tasting sessions
How to taste wine
The wine experience : a new method which will revolutionise the practice and art of wine-making
This thesis was based on a project conducted by the author as a special form of wine tasting whose objectives were to obtain a concise group of desired target audience and have a broad wine selection from a single estate within the Pfalz region of Germany. The event was to be extremely informative and interesting, presented as professionally able although would be perceived by the audience in a relaxed appearance. It was to be held as soon as possible and leave a substantial effect on the attending audience to counteract performance related to the author's broader set of objectives subsequent to the wine tasting event, and his initiatives for administering the event.   Within the theoretical frame of reference the author bases his research on the sales promotions branch from within the communications mix of marketing. Through discussing the specific role and objectives behind a sales promotion, the author outlines the three market groups concentrating on trade based sales promotions. Obtaining a full understanding of how to utilise, implement and evaluate the sales promotion objectives concluded the research.     The methodological section directly applies to the operation of the author's wine tasting project and first discusses reasons behind adopting a wine tasting to achieve his senior objectives before outlining the entire extent the author aimed his tasting to achieve. In separating the remainder of the chapter into three sections related to the planning, implementation and results, the author was able to aptly explain the five elements directly related to the wine tasting event.   Conclusions found, despite technical faults the author could not have avoided, that the author was successful in achieving his objectives for his wine tasting although considers media related to the wine industry inside Finland need a better understanding of their impact on the public and the businesses within the Finnish wine industry need to trust and better cooperate with one another.
Fish physiology. 25, Sensory systems neuroscience
Journal of sensory studies
Sensory mechanisms
What middle ear parameters tell about impedance matching and high frequency hearing
Sensation and perception
Consumer evaluation of scrab-resistant apple cultivars in Sweden
Accreditation for sensory testing laboratories, EAL-G16 : (suositus aistinvaraisen testauksen akkreditoinnista)
Sensational kids : hope and help for children with sensory processing disorder (SPD)
Outdoor education : literary education and sensory experience
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy : in 3 volumes. Volume 3, Nervous system and sensory organs
Sensory analysis : identification and selection of descriptors for establishing a sensory profile by a multidimensional approach
Fruits are one of the most important parts of daily nutrition needs. People tend to eat more  and more fruits for healthy diets nowadays. As growing fruits in Finland is limited, it is necessary  to import them from other countries such as Costa Rica, the Netherlands, Chile, Israel, Italy, and so on. The most common kinds of fruits include oranges, pineapples, grapes, pears, kiwi fruits, bananas, and the like. Some other tropical fruits are also available but do not seem  attractive to Finnish consumers. However, Vietnam is a country with plenty of different fruit  species which are potentially appealing to Finnish consumers. That is the main reasons why  this study is conducted. The study is mainly about consumers' acceptance towards some Vietnamese fruit species. That is why sensory evaluation techniques are applied. The techniques include evaluation of all sensory attributes such as appearance, color, aroma, flavor and texture. Data from sensory evaluations is collected by quantitative research methods. Specifically, a tasting session was  organized during one week before Christmas in 2011. Participants were served fruit samples and they then answered a questionnaire. The report also includes an introduction of Finland and Vietnam as the two main countries examined. The fruit species used for the study are also introduced so that readers can better understand their nature. They include carambola, litchi, passion fruit, pitahaya, mangosteen  and rambutan. In addition, the study contents secondary data collected from websites, articles,  other studies, reports, and so on. The most important finding is that the informants liked most of the fruit samples. Some of  the fruits were liked thanks to their special aromas, some for their taste, and others because of  their texture or appearance. The study also found out main barriers to purchasing Vietnamese fruit are that consumers do not seem to be familiar with such fruits: they do not know them,  how to eat them and when they are ripe. What is more, the price seems too high compared to more common fruits, such as oranges or bananas. Lastly, consumers do not see Vietnamese fruits at stores all that often.
Flavor analysis : developments in isolation and characterization
The physiology of Crustacea : Metabolism and growth vol. 1, Sense organs, integration, and behavior vol. 2.
Time of salt addition to ready-to-eat meals : a sensory study of salt reduction and salt substitution
The middle ears of birds and mammals: a comparison of structure and function
Effects of gluten and transglutaminase on microstructure, sensory characteristics and instrumental texture of oat bread
Understanding wine : a guide to winetasting and wine appreciation
Sensory analysis - methodology - ranking
Isometric mammalian middle ears: the effect of size on audiograms
Methods in chemosensory research
Sensory interrelationships in bread and bread-spread combinations
Zooplankton : sensory ecology and physiology
Sensory evaluation of food : theory and practice
Sensory and instrumental evaluation of alcoholic beverages
Ultrastructure of the peripheral nervous system and sense organs : atlas of normal and pathologic anatomy
Wine style : using your senses to explore and enjoy wine
Sensory characteristics of 17 apple cultivars commonly grown in Finland were compared over three harvest years (2009-2011). Descriptive analysis with a trained panel (n = 11-14) comprised 17 attributes rated from 0 ('not at all') to 10 ('very'): four appearance (green, red, area of red colour, skin waxiness), three odour (intense, grassy, fruity), five  texture (hard, crispy, mealy, juicy, tough peel), and five flavour (intense, sour, sweet, astringent, diverse) attributes. Ratedintensities differed between the harvest years but their magnitude and direction of change varied according to the cultivar. Odour and flavour ratings tended to be higher in 2009 than in 2010 and 2011. The summer 2009 was fairly normal, while summer 2010 was hot and dry, and summer 2011  hot and humid. These climate may explain some of the differences between the first and the two subsequent years. Late season cultivars tended to be relatively stable against annual effects.
Food flavorings : composition, manufacture, and use
"Human sensory and perceptual experience is emphasized, and neuroscientific underpinnings of experience introduced. Chapters are written by experts in each of the sensory systems and integrate current findings in active areas of research. The text provides comprehensive treatment of higher perceptual functions (attention, music, language). Sensory systems including vision, audition, spatial orientation, the vestibular system, taste, and olfaction"--
How to choose wine
The indoor environment handbook : how to make buildings healthy and comfortable
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Color atlas of human anatomy. Volume 3, Nervous system and sensory organs
The senses
Time-intensity scaling : a literature review
Sensory analysis of foods
Influence of chewing and swallowing on flavour perception
Tasting as a wine marketing tool : case: "Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl"
The neurobiology of spatial behaviour
Sensory processes
Biology of sensory systems
Finnish consumer's acceptance towards Vietnamese fruits : case company: Veikko Laine Oy
Scaling of the mammalian middle ear
Psychological basis of sensory evaluation
The temporal lobe and limbic system
Sensory and consumer research in food product design and development
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy. 3, Nervous system and sensory organs
Michael Broadbent's pocket guide to winetasting : how to approach and appreciate wine
Appetite : determinants and consequences of eating and drinking
COFFEE TASTE ANALYSIS OF AN ESPRESSO COFFEE USING NUCLEAR MAGNETIC SPECROSCOPY
Introduction to aroma research
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy : in 3 volumes. Vol. 3, Nervous system and sensory organs
Winetaster's secrets
Questions of taste : the philosophy of wine
Morphology of the lateral line system and of the skin of diplomystid and certain primitive loricarioid catfishes and systematic and ecological considerations
New directions in vestibular research
Langman's medical embryology
Sensory evaluation practices
Food safety and food quality
Applied sensory analysis of foods. Vol. 1
Sensory evaluation of food : statistical methods and procedures
The senses and communication
