http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p302 work instruction
work instruction
WELL-TRAINED EMPLOYEES ARE THE KEY TO SUCCESS : Work Orientation Guide for JukuPark Kalajoki
Enhancement of one company induction by outlining induction process and content
Abstract.
Human resource management and recruiting in an international organisation : case: Nordea Oy
(Fe)male crafts : the gender-based craft education in Finland
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Towards active and working life orientated learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
Supervision : managing for results
Small group teaching : tutorials, seminars and beyond
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Learning work : a critical pedagogy of work education
Complete training : from recruitment to retirement
Educational innovation in Kazakhstan : the case of Bolashak Finland
Gamification : an overview of mechanics and application
Planning a training of customer service quality for front line employees in hospitality industry in Finland
Professional inductions of teachers in Europe and elsewhere
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
The new social work practice : exercises and activities for training and developing social workers
Creative onboarding programs : tools for energizing your orientation program
Career development in organizations
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
Induction training : effective steps for investing in people
Workforce readiness : competencies and assessment
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Strategies for mentoring : a blueprint for successful organizational development
New developments in economic education
Design thinking as a roadmap into 21st education and educational leadership
An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Employee handbook as induction tool : case:  Palace Kämp Group Ltd
Parents' perceptions and experiences of home and school cooperation in English teaching in the secondary school
Induction used in restaurant industry
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Towards Active and Working Life Orientated Learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Training professionals for the global marketplace: cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
Everyone needs a mentor : fostering talent in your organization
Successful coaching & mentoring
Work orientation and follow-up : Case company ABC Vaasa
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
The complete handbook of coaching
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
Individual and collective reflection : how to meet the needs of development in teaching
The theory & practice of training
International virtual teamwork offers new opportunities for the professional development of teachers. In this paper, we examine the initial experiences in an ongoing international virtual benchmarking project coordinated by the Finnish Online University of Applied Sciences. What challenges does an international context present for project construction and collaboration? Data from five countries, in the form of participant reflections and researchers' observations, were analysed according to four types of barriers: language, time, technical and mental barriers. Initial data indicates that trust is an essential starting point, as there is neither time nor possibilities to build mutual trust by traditional means. Organisational confidentiality issues, however, can complicate the situation. The project introduces 'collision' as a method of professional development, in which not only physical and organisational borders are crossed, but also mental barriers, as skills and competencies needed in global learning environments are acquired.
The hospitality industry is continuously looking for ways to improve its service. It is under-standable that the customer experience very often starts with the contact of front line employees. Therefore, basic skills and knowledge should be acquired in order to provide customer service quality, which can be achieved through training, as the thesis will show.    The present thesis is project-based  and was set to plan training on customer service quality by using academic research, the practices of leaders in the industry and the authors' own experience. The theoretical framework started by establishing the format of the training discussing topics such as: learning styles; training; and teaching tools. Customer service quality theory; selling; job satisfaction; and team work were to provide the information on the skills and knowledge to be transmitted in the training. The result can be used as a guideline to build an effective training about customer service quality where the learning experience of the listener would be maximised.    In order to create an understandable setting of factors of customer service quality, the deter-minants of service quality, found in the literature, together with the aspects of selling, job satisfaction and teamwork have been redefined. This process is elucidated in the “Easy Customer Service Quality” model, which is the skeleton design of the training.    The attachments include a general curriculum, PowerPoint presentation and handout as a result of the thesis project. Those are intended to be used as tools to plan the training about customer service quality. The general curriculum gets hold of key principles that should be taken into account. The PowerPoint presentation shows a simple layout with note pages of what should be discussed. Finally, the handout is a model that follows the theories put across earlier in the paper.
Abstract: Cross-evaluation Reports of the Degree Programmes in Automation  Technology, Software Engineering, and Information Technology.
This thesis is a product-oriented case study commissioned by the cluster of three Hilton  Hotels in Helsinki Region. The aim of the thesis is to develop guidelines on how to most  effectively implement the job induction program at the three said properties. At the same  time, believing in personalisation as an increasingly influential megatrend in society, the  author of this thesis would like to test its need and practicality in this case study. A qualitative  field research was then carried out to collect reality data for the case study.  The theoretical frame of references for this case study first starts with a broad literature  review on the nature of service, different models of service quality and usage of service  standards. Then organisational culture and its various levels are explored with emphasis  on Finnish organisational culture – an important aspect of this case study. In addition,  the author goes on to discuss personalisation as a megatrend and practices of personalisation  in working environment. Finally, the framework explains different important aspects  of a job induction process and conducting methods involved in. These theories  reasonably show a potential for application of personalisation in the case study.  The field research was done with group interviews to find out perceptions of recently  new-hires at the said properties about the effectiveness of the job induction program  they received. There were a total of eight respondents, from whom the data were collected  for analysis. Findings show that there is an inconsistency in quality of the induction  program in three properties under research, and there are certain areas to be improved  on such as level of guidance of supervisor, and design of the e-learning program.  These findings were taken into account and combined with conclusion from the theoretical  frame of reference in order to define important factors and suggestions for the  guidelines. The guidelines, which are also attached at the end of this report, provide advices  for management on usage of personnel, key success elements, as well as a set of  responsibility checklists, and advices on scheduling the induction trainings
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Induction training plan : case company: KILROY Finland
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
The ABC of anaesthesia nursing for perioperative nursing students : a tool to support learning during practical training
The sociology of job training
An Investigation into the Issues Facing Effective Employee Induction : The Case of New Employee Induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Mentoring in nursing and healthcare : a practical approach
Learning through cognitive and collaborative problem-solving processes in technological product development
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Internal coaching : the inside story
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
Learning practical skills in a virtual environment : a pedagogical model for simulator-based harvester operator training
Teaching 101 : classroom strategies for the beginning teacher
Nurse education today
Our place, my future and their project : reflecting children's lifeworld in education for sustainable development
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Creative new employee orientation programs : best practices, creative ideas, and activities for energizing your orientation program
Evaluating training programs : the four levels
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
British journal of guidance and counselling
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Development of an orientation folder for DSV Air & Sea Oy
Co-operative learning : the social and intellectual outcomes of learning in groups
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses : implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
Improving virtual teamwork in an international project
From memories of the past to anticipations of the future:pre-service elementary teachers’ mathematical identity work
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
Harmonization of training content and trainer qualification : developing Train-the-Trainer Workshop for continental corporation
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
Orientation and its effects on new employee commitment at Company X Ltd
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Breaking down barriers : teaching to learn and learning to teach in a music conservatory's outreach program
Abstract: An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit. The main objective of this study was to investigate what are the issues and possible problems that this one unit in a researched company is facing in their induction and how the employees themselves see the current situation of the induction.    The researched company unit felt that there was a need for a  concentrated induction process created especially for the employees of this particular unit. Before planning the new process, it would be essential to map the current situation  and define the issues that have to be taken into account when planning the induction.    This Bachelor's Thesis is therefore investigating what are the most important issues to take into consideration when it comes to new employee induction.    A critical review of the literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was administered to 53 employees who had joined the researched company unit within the past year.    The results revealed that there is no common process followed at the researched company unit. Furthermore, the findings illustrate that the issues that the company should take into account regarding the induction are the induction plan and the presence of the immediate supervisor on the newcomer's first day.
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Coaching skills : a handbook
The art of teaching music
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Occupational health, safety and ergonomic issues in small and medium-sized enterprises in a developing country
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Training of students ́scientific reasoning skills
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Pre-service teachers' objectives, challenges, and experience of practical work
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
Digital storytelling for HIV and AIDS education in Africa
Improving employee performance through workplace coaching : a practical guide to performance management
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
Accommodation and cleaning services. Vol. 2, Management
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
Becoming a global chief security executive officer : a how to guide for next generation security leaders
Reflections on creating an international virtual benchmarking model for authentic e-learning : crossing boundaries and breaking down barriers
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
The mentoring manual
Approaches to a business negotiation case study : teamwork, humour and teaching
Training and development in hotels : a case study about five core areas
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Comp[at]ct - connecting Comenius schools
The world is your oyster! : a material package for teaching handcrafts through CLIL
Effective Coaching
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
Me and MyCity as a teaching method
Well-trained employees are the key to success : work orientation guide fro JukuPark Kalajoki
Maximum mentoring : an action guide for teacher trainers and cooperating teachers
Semi-detached teachers : building support and advisory relationships in classrooms
Improving an Induction: Creating a better induction for employees. Case: Metso Minerals Inc. / DC Europe
Teachers of English in Finnish upper secondary general school and their job satisfaction
Personalised implementation of a job induction program : case Front Office Department at the three Hilton hotels in Helsinki
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
This thesis was commissioned by the sea import department of DSV Air & Sea Oy. The purpose of this final thesis was to create an orientation folder for a new employee and for the use of the current employees acting as their instructor. As the need for the thesis rose from practice, the thesis type is functional final thesis.    Methods used in this final thesis include a theoretical framework, an interview with the HR-manager of DSV Finland and utilization of writer's own professional experience. The theoretical framework is combined from the theory of orientation and basics of freight forwarding and sea mode transportation. The theory of orientation is build from the definition of orientation, reasons and benefits of it, what the actual orientation process is and the evaluation of the orientation at the end of the process. The theory of freight forwarding and sea mode transportation in the latter part of the theoretical framework gives an insight to the traffic coordinator's work by introducing importing from the third countries as well as different customs procedures.     The orientation folder was divided in to two parts based on the results of the theoretical framework, employment related issues and instructor's guidebook. The first part, employment related issues, is targeted for the new employee to introduce them to the practical issues regarding employment at DSV Air & Sea Oy. The second part, the instructor's guidebook, is for the use of both the new employee as well as their instructor. The instructor's guidebook aims to give the new employee all the essential, basic guidelines of the work of a traffic coordinator. The actual product is not included in this thesis due to the confidential nature of the company information it contains.    The implementation chapter of the thesis report contains a portrayal of the methods used to develop the final product as well a description of the orientation folder. Evaluation of the final product is also included in the implementation. The final part of the thesis report, the discussion, summarizes the results of the complete project and the final product.    The orientation folder has been checked and accepted by the head of the sea import department at DSV Air & Sea Oy. It meets the required standards and the expectations set for it by the writer and the commissioning company and it is considered to have improved the inner orientation process at DSV Air & Sea Oy. As a conclusion, the aim set for this thesis was achieved.
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
A good start : effective employee induction
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Developing practical skills for nursing children and young people
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
Orientation and training for newcomers
This is a product oriented thesis, with a topic, Induction training plan for KILROY education study advisor. The commissioning company is KILROY Finland for which the author has been working for since February 2008. The final product, the manual, was put together in a way that it can be adapted to be used in all the markets KILROY operates at. The field on which the study advisors work is very information intensive and focuses on sharing information and facilitating the process of gathering it. The manual is meant to be used by both managers and study advisors. Managers can use the manual as part of the induction training and to give structure where for study advisors it aims to work as a handbook that can also be referred to later on if needed. The thesis was written upon a secondary research done by reviewing the chosen literature as well as author's work experience on the field and in the tasks the manual is being built for. Qualitative methods were used to validate the information and structure that used in the manual. The empirical part of the thesis consists of four parts; 1) an introduction on the topic, the objective and tasks, and the commissioning company, 2) a theory part, 3) discussion about product development, and 4) conclusions and discussion on the final product. The manual follows as an attachment. The theoretical frame of reference focuses on 1) how to conduct a good induction training, 2) the importance of establishing an ongoing learning for the information intensive industries (or simply, how the be the specialist and share/sell your knowledge, be the facilitator), and 3) enhancing the importance of right kind of communication.
Implementing mentoring schemes : a practical guide to successful programs
Patient simulation on first year nursing degree students
Learning in the workplace : a toolkit for facilitating learning and assessment in health and social care settings
Abstract:.
Thinking outside the box : enhancing science teaching by combining (instead of contrasting) laboratory and simulation activities
Selecting training methods
Work, skill and technology : about activity education and education for work in general education
Teaching evidence-based practice in nursing : a guide for academic and clinical settings
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
Skill acquisition and human performance
The information specialist in an expert role in a capacity building project : a unique possibility to enlarge the library ́s role and status in higher education
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Developing your staff
Research skills for management studies
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
A practical guide to learning in the workplace
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
Use of knowledge transfer in training of new employees
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Multisensory environments in social care : participation and empowerment in sociocultural multisensory work
This innovative book illustrates ways to put economics in the best context for it to be most effectively taught to and understood by under- and post-graduate students. It provides teachers of economics with various techniques to engage and retain the interest of students, while challenging them to apply knowledge and methodological tools to a range of economic problems. The expert contributors provide fascinating insights and ideas to both improve the quality of teaching economics and deepen students' understanding of economic reasoning and problem solving.
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
Collaborative leadership as the lens for co-creating an innovation - A curriculum reform in management education
Mentoring and supervision in healthcare
Nucleus model for designing social mindtools : woven stories
