http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3038 roofing
roofing
Effect of weed control with fibre mulches and herbicides on the initial development of spruce, birch and aspen seedlings on abandoned farmland
Technique of green mulch spreading = Viherkatteen levitystekniikka
Heritage, collective and individual memory in Kate Atkinson's Behind the scenes at the museum
A woman unknown : a Kate Shackleton mystery
The Montana gold rush diary of Kate Dunlap
Proceedings of the Sixth International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climate: Product and Process Innovation : Ragusa-Sicilia, Italy, March 5-8, 2002
Thatch : thatching in England 1940-1994
Killing for keeps
Wild fire
Art of deception
Kate Chopin : a critical biography
Kate Bush : the Whole Story
Practical building conservation. Roofing
WOODWORK FOR THE GARDEN / INCLUDING 16 EASY-TO-BUILD PROJECTS
Magic shifts
The chase
Printed Kate Greenaway : a catalogue raisonné
Proceedings of the Fifth International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climates: Current Trends for Sustainable Technologies : Cartagena-Almería, Spain, 7-11 March, 2000.. Volume 2
Yield potential of chive : effects of cultivar, plastic mulch and fertilisation
Kate O'Brien : a literary portrait
The green roof manual : a professional guide to design, installation, and maintenance
The heist : a novel
Patios & walkways idea book
The edge of doom
The forgotten arts and crafts
Kate : the Kate Moss book
Effect of substrate type on the field performance and chemical composition of highbush blueberry cv.Patriot
The Royal wedding for dummies
Decking : a practical step-by-step guide
The company of shadows
A death in the Dales
Chopin's The awakening : complete text + commentary + glossary
Making garden floors : stone, brick, tile, concrete, ornamental gravel, recycled materials, and more
Influence of fertigation, mulches, and CO2 enrichment on eggplant production
Gender trouble in Margaret Fuller's Woman in the nineteenth century and Kate Chopin's The awakening
The effects of three mulching systems on total yield, average yield per plant, average fruit weight, soluble solids content (SSC), titratable acidity (TA), firmness and oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) of two newly developed lines ("Orléans" and "Saint Pierre"), one advanced selection ("SJ8976-1") and two commonly used cultivars ("Jewel" and "Kent") were evaluated. The studied mulching systems were: plastic mulch (PM), mulch with row cover (PMRC), and matted-row system (MRS). Results showed that plastic mulch with row cover (PMRC) generally increased yield per plant, average fruit weight, SSC, firmness and ORAC, but differences varied within harvest times. No significant differences in total yield and TA were observed under the selected mulching systems. Both PMRC and PM accelerated the harvest periods compared to MRS. "Kent" and "Jewel" had the highest total yield while "SJ8976-1" and "St-Pierre" had the highest average fruit weight. The highest SSC, TA and ORAC were found in "Jewel". There was no interaction between the mulching systems and genotypes, indicating that the effect of production system is independent of cultivars. PMRC seems to be a better growing system, improving fruit quality and increasing the nutritional value of all genotypes. By allowing off-season fruit production in cool climates, PMRC can be an alternative method to the costly high tunnels.
Kate Greenaway, 1846-1901 : an exhibition of prints, engravings, watercolours and drawings : Bolton Art Gallery, 6 December 1975 - 31 January 1976.
Effect of mulching systems on fruit quality and phytochemical composition of newly developed strawberry lines
Growing perennials in cold climates
Widespan roof structures
Outside the not so big house : creating the landscape of home
Doctor Kate, angel on snowshoes : the story of Kate Pelham Newcomb
Paper and composites from agro-based resources
Clean break : A Kate Brannigan mystery
Magic Bleeds : [a Kate Daniels novel]
Top secret twenty-one
Magic Bites : a Kate Daniels novel
Magic rises
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
Kate Chopin
Abstract: A greenhouse for northern latitude.
European recommendations for steel construction : good practice in steel cladding and roofing
Kate Greenaway : a catalogue of the Kate Greenaway Collection, Rare Book Room, Detroit Public Library
Green roof plants : a resource and planting guide
Die for me
The secret history of Kate Bush : (& the strange art of pop)
The shell game : A Fox and O'Hare Short Story
Magic binds
The need for peat soil conservation
Bloody Chester
Edith Wharton and Kate Chopin: a reference guide
The complete practical guide to patio, terrace, backyard & courtyard gardening
An analysis of cohesion in Kate Cruise O'Brien's "The glass wall"
Mulching effects on plant climate and yield
Can reflective ground cover enhance fruit quality and colouration?
Remediation through mulching with organic matter of soil polluted by a copper-nickel smelter
Magic Burns : a Kate Daniels novel
A book of feelings : starring Sam, Kate and Fuzzy Bean
Walkways and drives : design ideas for grand entrances
Scarred, solitary Derek Gaunt has separated from his Pack, and is truly a lone wolf. With no family he answers to no one; but is fiercely loyal to a chosen few. So, when several of those close to him are murdered, he'll stop at nothing to hunt their killer through the magic-drenched streets of Atlanta. Never one to be left on the sidelines, equally determinedsome might say stubborn Julie Lennart-Olsen soon joins in his pursuit; and what began as revenge turns into a race to save the city. Their search pits them against powers they never imagined and magic so old, it predates history.
Pros and cons : a short story
The expats
Evaluation of mulching in organically grown black currant (Ribes nigrum) in terms of its effects on the crop and the environment
Contribution profit analysis for a fully regulated forest and its empirical application
Representations of love and female gender identities in Kate Chopin's The awakening
7th International Symposium on Timing Field Production of Vegetables : Skierniewice, Poland, August 23-27, 1993
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Feasibility of paper mulches in crop production : a review
Weed control trials with fibre mulch, glyphosate and terbuthylazine in Scots pine plantations
Corrugated iron and other ferrous cladding
The effect of fertilizers, mulch and land contours on young sea buckthorn cultivars in organic farming
Magic stars
Summary.
Thatch : thatching in England 1790-1940
Soil solarization : proceedings of the 1st International conference on soil solarization, Amman, Jordan, 19-25 February 1990
Stranded
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Effects of competing vegetation and post-planting weed control on the mortality, growth and vole damages to Betula pendula planted on former agricultural land
A medal for murder : a Kate Shackleton mystery
Effect of mulching and fertilization on the quality of strawberries
Mulching has become an important practice in modern field production. This article reviews the published research on paper mulches and discusses the opportunity that they offer for solving the problems of the immense use of plastics in agriculture and the associated environmental threat. Paper mulches break down naturally after usage and incorporate into the soil. Laying paper mulches in large scale farming is a problem to be solved. The quality of the paper needs to be adapted or improved for mulching purposes, and its price needs to be more competitive with that of plastic mulches. The review shows that there is considerable potential for using paper mulches in agriculture and horticulture.
The art of pebble mosaics / Creative designs and techniques for paths and pations
Deck designs : decks, pergolas,railings, planters, benches
Magic breaks
Magic Strikes : a Kate Daniels novel
Oral lichen planus – etiopathogenesis and management
The puzzled heart
The Theban mysteries
If I should die
