http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3033 rural tourism
rural tourism
The massive growth of the tourism industry during the last 50 years has led the tourists to seek new, unspoilt destinations - often from the developing countries. In the rush to compete about the economic gain opportunities this creates, the well-being of the local population is commonly overlooked. The benefits and costs of tourism are not equally spread. The recent development of alternative tourism has made it possible for the local communities to be also at the receiving end of the tourism profit chain. One example of community-based tourism is Homestay tourism. This kind of tourism has its own characteristics what comes to management and sustainability. This thesis is a case study of the Homestay project of a village in Sabah, Malaysia, called Kiau Nulu. The aim is to define sustainability in small-scale, community-based tourism operations in a rural village setting. In order to do this it was essential to consider the role of tourism in the village, find out who should determine sustainability and for whom it should be developed. The purpose was to provide the villagers with a tool to help them plan their tourism operations. The author used an ethnographic research model, including non-participatory observation, informal interviews and desk research as data collection methods. The data collection was conducted in Kiau village and two other native villages in Sabah during the months from June to August 2003. Villagers and local tourism professionals related to Homestay tourism were discussed with and observed to determine the local point of view to the subject. The results of the research showed, that community tourism operations differ fundamentally from the mainstream tourism in pursue of sustainability, as their product is their own culture and life. Their product cannot be altered, so they have to choose their tourists and concentrate on their own needs and benefit. Also the basic information about the concepts of sustainability and tourisms negative impacts is imperative, before Kiau community can learn to manage tourism sustainably. Tourism must have an objective the villagers set for it. Thus planning and democratic decision making are vital. Becoming dependent on tourism has to be avoided. Sustainability in Kiau has to be determined by the villagers themselves. The scientific 'western' perception of sustainability combined with the locals wants and values can provide an exellent sustainability definition suitable for Kiau's needs and culture. Kiau village has good chances to achieve sustainable development as they still are community-oriented and the values of their ancestors are forming a valuable heritage to rely on. This thesis provides the authors view on sustainability in Kiau, and can therefore present only recommendations based on research.
The impact of tourism on rural settlements
Global alliances in tourism and hospitality management
World cultural heritage in the context of rural tourism development
NGP yearbook 2016 : geographies of well-being in the North
Rural tourism in the 12 member states of the European Economic Community
Developing market segmentation in tourism: insights from a Finnish rural tourism study
Sustainable Tourism Development in Rural Azerbaijan
Community-based tourism in Nicaragua : a socio-cultural perspective
Tourism : rethinking the social science of mobility
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 3, Market study for Russia
Tourism : a modern synthesis
Rural areas around the world are facing serious problems today such as aging and declining population due to loss of employment opportunities and services. Many rural areas have turned to tourism in search of a better future and it has shown its potential to sustain rural communities by providing significant income and opportunities. However, badly managed tourism development can also destroy rural communities, which are extremely fragile to rapid social changes. Tourism can act as a saviour or destroyer. Theoretical part of this thesis is based on various literature and examines the principles of rural tourism, sustainability and the importance of social sustainability in the development and management of rural tourism. The aim of this thesis is to evaluate the potential of tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development, specifically in a small Chinese village of Mutianyu under the Great Wall. A specific focus is on The Schoolhouse company, an up-scale lodging and restaurant company in the village, opened in 2006. The village has obtained major economical benefits from tourism, but there is little research done how tourism has actually socially affected the community. The aim is to evaluate whether this kind of development can sustain the village community in a socially sustainable way and thus whether it could be adopted in other rural areas as well in the future. The study is planned to mainly assist The Schoolhouse in future tourism development.        The empirical part of this thesis consists of twelve qualitative theme interviews conducted in Mutianyu with community members. The interviews were conducted in September 2009 and each lasted 20 to 30 minutes. The results show that villagers have gained significant economical benefits and increased incomes from tourism development and they put great value to it. The villagers also perceive better infrastructure and built environment as major positive impacts of tourism, whereas increased traffic, noise and air pollution as negative impacts. The attitude towards tourism is generally highly positive, while attitudes towards The Schoolhouse are surprisingly indifferent, although clearly more positive than negative. According to this study tourism can be used as a socially sustainable tool for rural development, but careful management, balancing and community involvement are required. The needs and opinions of local villagers need to be taken into account in all tourism planning and social impacts need to be proactively assessed. The Schoolhouse appears to offer a good model for socially sustainable tourism development, but there are also some recommendations for future, to reduce the social problems caused by, for example, increasing noise and traffic.
Sustainable tourism : a global perspective
Germany and United Kingdom as target markets for Finnish rural tourism products
Developing market segmentation in tourism : insights from a Finnish rural tourism study
Sustainability on community-based homestay tourism : case: Kiau Nulu Village, Sabah, Malaysia
Sustainable tourism in rural Europe : approaches to development
Assessing the recreational demand for agricultural land in Finland
International Lake Tourism Conference : 2-5 July, Savonlinna, Finland
Tourism and hospitality : issues and developments
Rural heritage and tourism in the EEC
Rural tourism in Europe
How to improve marketing and customer relationship management of the cottage holiday business RapoJärviLoma, the target market being the residents of St. Petersburg and Moscow?
The use of English in rural tourism in eastern Finland : a needs analysis
Tasting tourism : travelling for food and drink
Rural tourism in Europe : experiences, development and perspectives : Belgrade (Serbia and Montenegro) 24 and 25 June 2002, Kielce (Poland) 6 and 7 June 2003, Yaremcha (Ukraine) 25 and 26 September 2003.
Community development through tourism
Marketing quality rural tourism : the experience of LEADER I.
Quality classifications and environmental issues in rural tourism of Finland and Scotland
Local heritage as a source of development potential in rural tourism - British tourists in Finland
Towards quality rural tourism : Integrated Quality Management (IQM) of rural tourist destinations
Finnish summary.
Regional destination marketing and websites as marketing tool : Study case: Nature Park Lahn-Dill Bergland, Germany
Tourism as additional business opportunities in Countryside
Countryside Now : Construction of the countryside among recreational walkers of Sheffield, North England
The business of rural tourism : international perspectives
Environmental management for rural tourism and recreation
Socially sustainable tourism : a tool for rural development
Rustica Nova : the new countryside and transformations in operating environment
The planning process of programme services
Physical impacts of agritourism in the province of Siena, Italy
Tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development : case Mutianyu village, China
Rural tourism in Finland
Abstract: Tourism in Finland.
Food, agri-culture and tourism : linking local gastronomy and rural tourism : interdisciplinary perspectives
Rural tourism : a solution for employment, local development and environment = Le tourisme rural : une solution pour l'emploi, de développement local et l'environnement
Tourism in frontier areas
Rural tourism marketing in Finland : the analysis of marketing tools
Tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development - Case: Mutianyu village, China
Agritourism : tourism, farm, list of wine- producing regions, ranch, guest ranch, agricultural show, Troodos mountains, corn maze, forestry, pizza farm, geotourism, silos & smokestacks
Sustainable tourism development in Croatian rural areas: tourist experiences, economic and social benefits
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Contemporary population changes in north Swedish rural areas
Communities as a part of sustainable rural tourism - success factor or inevitable burden? : proceedings of the Community Tourism Conference, 10th-11th September 2013 in Kotka, Finland
AMMUUUtiset : maaseutumatkailun opetusvideo = An introduction to rural tourism in Finland
COMCOT - an innovative tool for improving the competitiveness of community-based tourism : the evaluation of the community-based tourism development process
Tourism and agriculture : new geographies of consumption, production and rural restructuring
Sustainable tourism development in Croatian rural areas : tourist experiences, economic and social benefits
New directions in rural tourism
Countryside recreation site management : a marketing approach
Tourism : Volume 1, The evolution of the subject of study
Roaming Midsomer : walking and eating in the murderous heart of England
Tourism in New Zealand : an introduction
Farming and rural tourism : the case of Finland
Community-based tourism in Nicaragua: a socio-cultural perspective
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 1, Market study for France
From production to consumption
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
Sociocultural sustainability of rural community-based tourism : case study of local participation in fair trade coffee trail, Nicaragua
Tourism : Volume 6, new conceptualisations and approaches
Rural tourism development in South Africa : trends and challenges
Practicing responsible tourism : international case studies in tourism planning, policy, and development
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 2, Market study for Germany
Over the years tourism has become one of the largest industries in the world, starting to develop more and more forms of accommodation and recreational activity, particularly in countryside areas. Nowadays, agritourism is one of the most rapidly growing segments of tourism and it has been identified as a form of rural tourism that ensures both development and conservation. However, rural territories and infrastructure are being adapted to the exigencies of tourists, so that many physical changes are taking place. This study questions how the physical impact of agritourism activities influences the social, economic and organisational aspects of rural territories in the Province of Siena in Italy.  Within the literature consulted by the author, many studies have emphasised several issues occurring to rural areas after the development of agritourism infrastructure. Thus, this study focuses on three key issues: first, the adaptation of old rural infrastructure to tourists' exigencies; second, the modification of the social environment and its economic activities; third and last, the use of local entrepreneurships as main territorial management system.  One of the main purposes of this study is to help rural communities to understand the causes that have brought physical changes to their territories, especially within infrastructure. Therefore, a qualitative study was retained by the author as the most apposite research position. A single case study research strategy was considered the most appropriated qualitative research methodology and it influenced the use of in-depth interview to gather primary data on the three key issues. The author identified then two target groups of respondents: agritourism operators and territorial administrators. With the use of the snowball sampling method the author was able to collect four interviews.  In the process of data analysis, this research used a single case study with multiple units of analysis composed by an individual unit level, a group unit level and a multiple unit level. However, although all the three levels were used to analyse the data, only the group unit level and the multiple unit level were fully described in this study. The display and presentation of data allowed the author to identify differences between the respondents.     Overall, the results of the research confirmed the positive aspects of agritourism in terms of sustainable development and conservation of rural territories. However, the interrelations between territorial administrators and agritourism operators should be improved. In fact, both professional figures recognised the lack of understanding of each others' goals, which caused a further lack of collaboration. Accordingly, agritourism players in the Province of Siena should join their forces in marketing activities, with the use of Internet, as well as ensuring the continuous existence of local farmers via diversification of local products.
NGP yearbook 2001
Recreation and resources : leisure patterns and leisure places
Micro-clusters and networks : the growth of tourism
Resumen: Rural tourism in Finland.
Tourism and visitor attractions : leisure, culture and commerce
Development of sustainable entreneurship and support of local handicrafts in the rural Azerbaijan : project mid-term evaluation report
The spirit of rural Ireland
Rural areas around the world are facing serious problems today such as aging and population decline due to loss of employment opportunities and services. Many rural areas have turned to tourism in search of a better future and it has revealed its potential to sustain rural communities by providing significant income and opportunities. However, poorly managed tourism development can also destroy rural communities, which are extremely fragile to rapid social changes. The theoretical framework of this thesis is based on literature, examining the principles of rural tourism, sustainability and the importance of social sustainability in the development and management of rural tourism. The aim of this thesis is to evaluate the potential of tourism as a socially sustainable tool for rural development, specifically in the Tampere Region. A specific focus is on Hiking Travel Hit Company; opened in 1992. It focuses on nature and rural tourism, event organizing and wilderness training. The Tampere region is growing very rapidly and it is obtaining many benefits from the changes in the tourism sector. However, little research has been conducted on how tourism has actually socially affected the community. The aim is to evaluate whether this kind of development can sustain the rural community and the entrepreneurs in a socially sustainable manner and thus whether it could be further adopted in other rural areas in the future. And can it provide the desired benefits to the tourism entrepreneurs? The empirical part of this thesis consists of some interviews and a small comparison between the organizations in various municipalities working for the development of tourism. The interviews were conducted in October 2009. The results reveal that entrepreneurs who have been living in the rural communities and then started tourism as a business have not gained many benefits from the tourism but they noticed the increased incomes from tourism development and they put great value to it. The villagers and entrepreneurs also perceive better infrastructure and built environment as major positive impacts of tourism, whereas increased traffic, noise and air pollution as negative impacts. According to this study tourism can be used as a socially sustainable tool for rural development. However, careful management, balancing and community involvement are required. The needs and opinions of local inhabitants and the entrepreneurs need to be taken into account in all tourism planning and social impacts need to be proactively assessed.
Sustainable tourism: II
Making space : managing resources for leisure and tourism
The new agritourism : hosting community and tourists on your farm
Tourism collaborative governance and rural community development : case studies from Finland and China
Ecotourism : a practical guide for rural communities
Rural tourism development as main contributor to economic growth in municipality of Okučani, Croatia
During the 1990s most municipalities and rural areas in northern Sweden have experienced renewed depopulation. At the same time, many regional centres (mainly university cities), but also some rural areas, have shown significant population growth. This article focuses on the latter rural areas and describes their geographical location and the socio-demographic characteristics of their populations. Three types of rural areas with population growth have been identified. Firstly, there are the rural areas within daily commuting distance from regional centres. Secondly, there is a group of rural areas that has benefited from the tourist industry. Most of these tourist resorts are mountain villages close to the border with Norway. Finally, there are also a few rural areas characterised by attractive residential environments and leisure housing.
Country visions
Rural tourism and development projects : an evaluation of the tourism development project ÖT-Kusten's activities
International Forum on Rural Tourism : Guiyang, Guizhou Province, China, 4-6 September 2006 : final report
Using cluster analysis to segment tourists : response-style effects
Marketing for small tourism enterprises : case study Kinnalan Koukku
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Rural tourism and sustainable rural development : proceedings of the Second International School on Rural Development, 28 June-9 July 1993, University College Galway, Ireland
Analysis of how Finland's rural tourism supply and marketing corresponds to the images and needs of german travellers : case MAAMA - Central Finland rural tourism marketing project
Tourism, mobility, and second homes : between elite landscape and common ground
Pathlands : 21 tranquil walks among the villages of Britain
Rural tourism : an introduction
Sustainable tourism : papers collected from the 98' International Geographic Union Study Group Meeting
My farm is my stage : a performance perspective on rural tourism and hospitality services in Estonia
Sustainable Tourism Development in Nepal, Case: Suomen Latu ry
Case studies of tourism in peripheral areas : proceedings from an international seminar on Bornholm, September 1997
The green travel guide
Rural tourism and local culture in Scotland
Rural tourism and recreation : principles to practice
Rural development and rural tourism
Website Design for Abja Rural Tourism Destination
