http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3036 cladding (construction)
cladding (construction)
Brick and stone have been used in architecture for a centuries and are favoured by architects for their unique properties. In recent years, with the development of new technologies, the variety of brick and stone materials has been greatly extended. This superbly illustrated book discusses masonry in two sections addressing brick and stone respectively, and goes further into detailed classification. The projects are elaborately selected and analysed, each presented with photos, drawings and narratives. Also included is a summary of the current state and future of the application of brick and stone in architecture, providing readers with a new understanding of masonry in the 21st century.
A study on the long-term durability of external wood claddings in Finland
Materials : a directory for home design
The encyclopedia of window fashions : 1000 decorating ideas for windows, bedding and accessories
The Hermitage, Leningrad : Gothic & Renaissance Tapestries
How to Restore Auto Upholstery
Science for conservators. Volume 3, Adhesives and coatings
The style sourcebook
Architectural material & detail structure : Advanced materials
"As an architect, you want to integrate the best building envelope construction methods, materials science, and structural principles in your work, but you need a resource to help you. With more than seventy significant case studies located in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia from prehistory to the present, this book illuminates the theory and techniques of assembling exteriors. Six chapters organized by wall types, from hand-set monolithic walls to digitally fabricated curtain walls, each have a material focus section to help you understand their intrinsic properties so that you can decide which will best keep the weather out of your building. Case studies include: Great Wall, China Israeli Supreme Court Building, Jerusalem, Ram Karmi and Ada Karmi-Melamed Fďřation Nationale du Bt́iments, Paris, Jean Prouv Ǐnstitut du Monde Arabe, Paris, Jean Nouvel Morgan Library, New York City, Renzo Piano Katsura Imperial Villa, Kyoto Sainsbury Center for Visual Arts, Norwich, UK, Sir Norman Foster"--
Prints : 50 + designs and 20 projects to get you started
Papering walls & ceilings
Interior design illustrated
Skins, envelopes, and enclosures : concepts for designing building exteriors
Supermaterials : inspiring sustainable materials for the concept elevator car of the 2020
Development of a new methodology to analyse the durability of facade repair and retrofitting systems. Task 4, Environmental conditions. Volume 4 : Final report
Wooden cladding boards in cyclic moisture conditions : studies of cupping, moisture distribution and swelling stress
European recommendations for steel construction : good practice in steel cladding and roofing
The surface texture book : more than 800 colour and texture samples for every surface, furnishing and finish
