http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p303 familiarisation
familiarisation familiarisation with workplace
The transition of youth from school to work : issues and policies
Maximum mentoring : an action guide for teacher trainers and cooperating teachers
Operational policy making for professional security: practical policy skills for the public and private sector
This is a product oriented thesis, with a topic, Induction training plan for KILROY education study advisor. The commissioning company is KILROY Finland for which the author has been working for since February 2008. The final product, the manual, was put together in a way that it can be adapted to be used in all the markets KILROY operates at. The field on which the study advisors work is very information intensive and focuses on sharing information and facilitating the process of gathering it. The manual is meant to be used by both managers and study advisors. Managers can use the manual as part of the induction training and to give structure where for study advisors it aims to work as a handbook that can also be referred to later on if needed. The thesis was written upon a secondary research done by reviewing the chosen literature as well as author's work experience on the field and in the tasks the manual is being built for. Qualitative methods were used to validate the information and structure that used in the manual. The empirical part of the thesis consists of four parts; 1) an introduction on the topic, the objective and tasks, and the commissioning company, 2) a theory part, 3) discussion about product development, and 4) conclusions and discussion on the final product. The manual follows as an attachment. The theoretical frame of reference focuses on 1) how to conduct a good induction training, 2) the importance of establishing an ongoing learning for the information intensive industries (or simply, how the be the specialist and share/sell your knowledge, be the facilitator), and 3) enhancing the importance of right kind of communication.
Enhancement of one company induction by outlining induction process and content
Shipboard familiarization : know your duties, know your ship
How to design and deliver induction training programmes
Factors influencing the willingness of personel to undertake an international assignment
Achieving a triple win : human capital management of the employee lifecycle
Managing human resources
Written by Stephen Taylor, CIPD Chief Examiner and author of the CIPD Resourcing and Talent Management module, this text provides a comprehensive overview of fundamental management issues through practical guidance and theoretical underpinning. Mapped to the CIPD unit Resourcing and Talent Management, this text boasts a broad coverage of an accessible writing style, making it ideal for all students studying all resourcing, talent management and recruitment and selection modules.
Employee handbook as induction tool : case:  Palace Kämp Group Ltd
A good start : effective employee induction
A location strategy, advertising banner and operational leaflets for a case company Kenkä-Oscar Ltd.
Wellbeing and Health Promotion of Exchange Students at Tampere University of Applied Sciences : An Orientation Booklet on Health Promotion
The topic of this Bachelo''s Thesis is improving the initiation process at the Finnish Institute  in France. The objective of the research is to enhance the trainee's initiation process into the  organisation, with respect to the cultural differences. The objective was reached by compiling  a Trainee's Manual for the Finnish Institute forthcoming trainees.  The Finnish Institute in France is a cultural centre situated in Paris. The foremost task of the  Finnish Institute is to strengthen knowledge of the Finnish culture, science and economy in  France and to promote the countries cooperation in these areas. The Finnish Institute has six  permanent employees and four or five trainees, who change twice a year. It was difficult, not  impossible, to adapt and to learn the ways to work, because the written instructions and  orientation into the organisation were not available. The Trainee's Manual was made up to  facilitate the initiation period.  The theoretical framework in this research reviews the communication channels, initiation  into an organisation and cultural aspects in an organisation. The research was conducted with  procedural method of action research and the data analysis was based on the collected empiric  data and theoretical findings. The empiric data was collected through surveys, interviews and  observations. The surveys were conducted in two periods; firstly before the implementation of  the Trainee's Manual in autumn 2007 and secondly after the implementation of the Trainee's  Manual in spring 2008.  The analysis of the research results was conducted with quantitative and qualitative research  methods depending on the type of the question. As a result the composition of the Trainee's  Manual was justified and its contents were modified according to the analysis results.  Based on the research results it can be concluded that initiation plays an important role in an  organisation, which can be observed from the fact that the theoretical findings support the  research results. The trainees and permanent employees alike find the Trainee's Manual a  useful document. The future challenge for the organisation is the updating the Trainee's  Manual to maintain its benefits for the new trainees.
InternQube : professional skills for the workplace
Work orientation and follow-up : Case company ABC Vaasa
Coaching skills : a handbook
Onboarding : how to get your new employees up to speed in half the time
Applications in human resource management : cases, exercises, and skill builders
Profitable food service management : thru good supervision
Start Your Own Cleaning Business
Assessing initiation training and mentoring of priests in the congregation of Riihimäki
Internal communication and integration of the new employees : case: Wärtsilä Corporation
Evaluation : a tool for improving HRD quality
Orientation for new employees at Global Refund Finland Oy
Improving induction : research-based best practice for schools
Abstract: An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit. The main objective of this study was to investigate what are the issues and possible problems that this one unit in a researched company is facing in their induction and how the employees themselves see the current situation of the induction.    The researched company unit felt that there was a need for a  concentrated induction process created especially for the employees of this particular unit. Before planning the new process, it would be essential to map the current situation  and define the issues that have to be taken into account when planning the induction.    This Bachelor's Thesis is therefore investigating what are the most important issues to take into consideration when it comes to new employee induction.    A critical review of the literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was administered to 53 employees who had joined the researched company unit within the past year.    The results revealed that there is no common process followed at the researched company unit. Furthermore, the findings illustrate that the issues that the company should take into account regarding the induction are the induction plan and the presence of the immediate supervisor on the newcomer's first day.
To support the employment of a rehabilitee
Mentoring has emerged as an essential and effective process for developing teacher practice. The holistic student-centred guidance model is utilised to define the mentors' roles and inputs in the teacher practice mentoring process. The purpose of this article is to describe mentors' perceptions of mentoring teacher students in teacher practice at the School of Vocational Teacher Education in Oulu, Finland. The material for the development project was collected by conducting an inquiry at the beginning of mentors' guidance training. The study participants included 21 mentors from different vocational schools. In the mentoring process, the interaction and cooperation between mentor and mentee plays an essential role. Mentors' perceptions of their role in mentoring focus mainly on educational guidance and personal guidance. According to the findings, more attention could be focused on mentoring teacher students' vocational development during teacher practice. The results can be used in developing the mentors' guidance training.
New directions in mentoring : creating a culture of synergy
Successful induction for new teachers : a guide for NQTs and induction tutors, coordinators and mentors
Mentoring : how to develop successful mentor behaviors
An Investigation into the Issues Facing Effective Employee Induction : The Case of New Employee Induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Employee orientation as a recruitment retention tool : developing an employee orientation manual for the haemodialysis unit
Mentoring Pocketbook
Roles and responsibilities in accurate job orientation
Introducing hotel front desk duties to new employees at Holiday Inn Helsinki Exhibition & Congress Centre
Support Process Re-Engineering : Case Support Services Group Ltd.,UK
This Bachelor's thesis is a product type study commissioned by New Sun Gate Motel. The motel is located in Lake Worth, Florida. The objective is to create an Orientation Manual for trainees and new employees. The theoretical framework discusses tourism business in Florida, job orientation, dif-ferent kinds of learning styles and cultural research. The empirical part contains intro-duction of tasks, project plan and implementation. In addition, the results and evalua-tion have been considered in the empirical part. The theoretical framework serves as a basis for producing an effective and clear Orien-tation Manual. The material improves learning and adapting to a new job and working culture. The study resulted an Orientation Manual for New Sun Gate Motel. The Orientation Manual contains all the information a new trainee/employee needs in order to cope individually. In addition, the operating area of the company is introduced. Lake Worth, Florida and the motel are introduced in the Orientation Manual, followed by a presentation of tasks by means of pictures to clarify the instructions. In addition, the folder includes a checklist for job orientation. The list is used to support the tutor.
Employee orientation as a recruitment retention tool : Developing an employee orientation manual for the haemodialysis unit
The mentor's guide : facilitating effective learning relationships
The adaptation of the training of managerial staff and employees to structural and technological changes in hotels, restaurants and similar establishments
Start and run a home cleaning business
Abstract: Familiazing midwife students with labour room practice : orientation material to labour room of Kuopio University Hospital.
Employees' professional and personal development : training in Monika, Kajaani
Induction guidebook for Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry
The handbook of coaching : a comprehensive resource guide for managers, executives, consultants, and human resource professionals
Finding ways to improve the onboarding process of new employees in Company X
Development of an orientation folder for DSV Air & Sea Oy
Mentoring new teachers
International nurses' experiences and perceptions of their work orientation in Finnish health care
Mentor's professional competences and their expression in supervising students' practice in pre-school educational institutions : summary of doctoral dissertation, social sciences, education science (07S) = Mentoriaus profesinės kompetencijos ir jų raiška vadovaujant studentų praktikai ikimokyklinėje ugdymo institucijoje : daktaro disertacijos santrauka, socialiniai mokslai, edukologija (07S)
The knowledge of INOvent®- delivery system among nurses at some neonatals' and children's intensive care units in Finland
Outsourced
The nurse mentor's companion
The management of people in hotels, restaurants and clubs
The mentoring manual
Essentials of HRM
First steps in clinical supervision : a guide for healthcare professionals
Resourcing and talent management
Development of work instructions and employee orientation
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis project was to create a simplified guide/information kit to be used as support material for the induction and orientation of warehouse employees at the case company. The targets were a) to create a theoretical framework of which topics and contents should, in general, be included in a training program of warehouse employees, b) through benchmarking, to map out what kind of topics are included in the induction programs of the source companies, and what type of induction practices the companies have found useful, c) to collect information on the existing induction and orientation practices at the case company, d) apply the findings of theoretical and empirical research to create a rudimentary guide material to support the induction and orientation of warehouse employees at the case company, and, e) to make English translations of some work instructions and the employee handbook for the case company; this material was simultaneously used as additional source material for the research.      The theoretical research aimed to discover, through literary and online sources, which topics should be included in the induction program to support the work and workplace competences of the warehouse employees. In addition to the theoretical research, benchmarking was used to provide field information on the induction programs and practices in the source companies; this enabled the author to assess, which practices are useful, what the potential problems could be, and what issues should be kept in mind in planning an induction program and when assessing the outcome of the program. The benchmarking material consisted of written materials (e.g. induction program frameworks and checklists) provided by the source companies, and of the insights received during a discussion meeting.      The empirical research was carried out to find out, what induction and orientation practices were in use at the case company, and how the contents and the quality of the employee induction program were reviewed by supervisors and employees. The empirical research findings were obtained through discussion and interviews with the supervisors and employees, and a feedback summary of the training program was provided by the case company.      Based on the theoretical and empirical findings, a simple and easily updatable induction guide was created to be used as reference material to support the induction of warehouse employees at the case company.
Mentoring across boundaries : helping beginning teachers succeed in challenging situations
Creative new employee orientation programs : best practices, creative ideas, and activities for energizing your orientation program
Onboarding for a large and agile software develpment project.
Adaptation and Management of Asian Employees in the Finnish Working Environment : Case-company ABB Oy
The thesis is about work orientation and it is commissioned by the Finnish Red Cross. It aims at improving the orientation methods of the Finnish Red Cross. The outcome of the thesis is a confidential orientation guide for the new fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross. The purpose of the guide is to pass on the most relevant information regarding the position. The orientation guide also covers topics such as work motivation and the responsibilities of a fundraiser and a team leader. The guide includes a self-assessment form that aims at improving performance at work. The research question to be answered in the thesis is “What does a good orientation guide for the new face-to-face fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross include”. The research methods used in the thesis were interviews conducted for the face-to-face coordinators, the fundraising manager and the fundraising planner. The research conducted was a qualitative research. The theoretical framework of the thesis consists of theories on work orientation, motivation and non-profit organisations. Those were topical for the sake of the thesis. Additionally the author's personal working experience as a fundraiser was utilised in the thesis. The orientation guide produced here focuses on three main themes: providing the most important information for the new face-to-face fundraiser at the Finnish Red Cross, presenting tools for self-assessment, and helping the employees achieve better results at work. The orientation guide created for the Finnish Red Cross is confidential and therefore is not included in this thesis report. However the table of contents of the guide can be seen in Appendix 1. The produced orientation guide has been read and accepted by the contact person of the Finnish Red Cross. Therefore the guide can be used as a part of the orientation process of the new face-to-face fundraisers and the goal of the thesis has been reached. Further research on how the orientation guide has affected the face-to-face fundraisers work would be interesting.
Effective Coaching
Supervision in social work
This thesis is a product-oriented case study commissioned by the cluster of three Hilton  Hotels in Helsinki Region. The aim of the thesis is to develop guidelines on how to most  effectively implement the job induction program at the three said properties. At the same  time, believing in personalisation as an increasingly influential megatrend in society, the  author of this thesis would like to test its need and practicality in this case study. A qualitative  field research was then carried out to collect reality data for the case study.  The theoretical frame of references for this case study first starts with a broad literature  review on the nature of service, different models of service quality and usage of service  standards. Then organisational culture and its various levels are explored with emphasis  on Finnish organisational culture – an important aspect of this case study. In addition,  the author goes on to discuss personalisation as a megatrend and practices of personalisation  in working environment. Finally, the framework explains different important aspects  of a job induction process and conducting methods involved in. These theories  reasonably show a potential for application of personalisation in the case study.  The field research was done with group interviews to find out perceptions of recently  new-hires at the said properties about the effectiveness of the job induction program  they received. There were a total of eight respondents, from whom the data were collected  for analysis. Findings show that there is an inconsistency in quality of the induction  program in three properties under research, and there are certain areas to be improved  on such as level of guidance of supervisor, and design of the e-learning program.  These findings were taken into account and combined with conclusion from the theoretical  frame of reference in order to define important factors and suggestions for the  guidelines. The guidelines, which are also attached at the end of this report, provide advices  for management on usage of personnel, key success elements, as well as a set of  responsibility checklists, and advices on scheduling the induction trainings
Creating a Staff Handbook
WELL-TRAINED EMPLOYEES ARE THE KEY TO SUCCESS : Work Orientation Guide for JukuPark Kalajoki
Induction training : effective steps for investing in people
Developing an orientation program for the new volunteers at seamen's mission in Rauma
Employee handbook : case: Travel Development Centre Group
Successful induction : how to get the most from your new employees
The return of the mentor : strategies for workplace learning
Being an effective mentor : how to help beginning teachers succeed
From teaching to mentoring : principle and practice, dialogue and life in adult education
This thesis studies how managerial work is changing because of internationalization in the service sector's work force. The focus of the research is on the new employee orientation process in two case restaurants, Kappeli and Rosso Ympyrätalo. The objectives of the research are to outline the current situation of this process in the case restaurants, to compare the views of managers and employees and to find the best ways to implement the overall orientation process. The theoretical part includes diversity management and new employee orientation. It presents reasons for managing diversity and the stages involved in effective diversity management. It examines the application of diversity management in human resource management and work groups, as well as the role of the manager in diversity management. The goals of new employee orientation theory are presented, along with the manager's role in it. The theoretical part also focuses on the importance of orientation material and how new employee orientation is different for international employees. The thesis is done as a qualitative research using case study method. The research is done through semi-constructed interviews in the case restaurants. Both managers and employees are interviewed in order to get a comprehensive understanding of the current situation. The empirical part was conducted in fall 2013. The results are combined to present the structure of both the recruitment and orientation processes in the case restaurants. Conclusions show that these organisations are heading towards effective diversity management, but also that managers and employees have different perception of the overall orientation process. The managers' improvement ideas, the most important qualities of a manager regarding international employees and best methods of implementation are presented in the conclusions.
Improving an Induction: Creating a better induction for employees. Case: Metso Minerals Inc. / DC Europe
An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Managing restaurant personnel : a handbook for food service operators
Recruiting and training proposal : case RetailWise Finland
Making sense of coaching
Abstract : The purpose of this study was to develop the induction process of the case company. The company's induction process had been the same since the beginning and the growth of the company had created the need to improve the process. The new induction process needed to be more thorough than the old one and also include the safety training. To enable this company's internal communication required some attention and improvement as well.  The theoretical part of this study consists of three different issues: the induction, internal communication and safety. The induction part deals with the im-portant issues related to induction such as what is induction, when it should be given, to whom and who is responsible for that. The two other parts, internal communication and safety, concentrate mainly on those issues which are relevant for the case company's purpose. This part of the study relies on lit-erature.  The research method used in this study was case study in which the process itself was the case. Data collection was made by using participant observation and group discussions. Observations were based on several years working experience in the company and the focus group which included both current and former employees of the company.  During the development process the company's existing working instructions were reviewed, updated and some new ones created. Safety issues were identified and instructions made. All new employees need to read these in-structions before they can start working. The current employees were chosen to act as dedicated mentors for new employees. The importance of the internal communication was highlighted in every phase of the new process. Follow up discussions and defining the need for further induction was included at the end of the process. The process was tested during one summer and the feedback was positive, some small adjustments were made to improve the process even more. Some suggestions and further improvement ideas were left for the owner to consider.
The trainer's handbook : the AMA guide to effective training
Orientation package for incoming double degree students : case HAMK University of Applied Sciences
Employee induction : developing an induction process for a company providing services in sports and leisure time activities
Orientation to working in a nursing home for health care workers : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses in Nurmikoti
Clinical Practice At Ward A3, Hatanpää : An Orientation Guide for Nursing Exchange Students
Effective teacher induction and mentoring : assessing the evidence
Employee orientation for international employees : case Kappeli and Rosso Ympyrätalo
Todd Anderson gets the bad news from his boss, his job has been outsourced. Adding insult to injury, Todd must travel to India to train his own replacement. Sometimes getting lost is the best way to find yourself.
Holistic integration tester
Development of induction process : Case company Trotter
The induction phase as a critical transition for newly qualified teachers
Developing orientation in the invoicing department and producing a work instruction manual : Case: Shared Service Centre
The call centre training handbook : a complete guide to learning & development in contact centres
[Abstract]: The need for information of a newcomer nurse at an outpatient policlinic.
World religions
Everyone needs a mentor : fostering talent in your organization
The hungry cowboy : service and community in a neighborhood restaurant
Induction training plan : case company: KILROY Finland
Orientation program : case Stockmann Plc. International Operations Buying Department
The handbook of human resource management education : promoting an effective and efficient curriculum
Introduction to internet work : case: news service
Improving initiation into the organisation with trainee's manual : case study Finnish Institute in France
Planning of Human Resource Processes : Recruiting and Introduction
Orientation and tacit knowledge tranfer during orientation process
Induction
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
Induction in the foreign service
The purpose of the thesis was to study the work well-being and orientation, and how they are connected to each other. The first objective was to analyse the issues influencing the work well-being. The second objective was to study the issues concerning the orientation like learning and development. Finally, the research looked into how the orientation can be used for improving the work well-being, performance and working atmosphere.   The need for the thesis came from the lack of a proper orientation program from the commissioning company of Stockmann's Service Point. Books and Internet documents were used as a source for the theoretical part of the thesis. Interviews were used for the empirical part of the thesis, to study the well-being and the orientation process of the Service Point. The information of the study was used for updating the orientation program of the Service Point.  The results of the research showed that the orientation has a major influence for work well-being. The interviews helped to study the common situation of the well-being at Stockmann's Service Point. The results of the interviews showed that the situation of well-being is good at the moment, but the time reserved for orientation is not enough to learn all the tasks needed at work. The information gathered from the study can be used for developing the well-being and the orientation process at the Service Point.
Guide for summer trainees and newly employed in the sales department at ABB Motors and Generators
Abstract: Orientation guide to ambulance service Kinnunen Ltd.
Harmonization of training content and trainer qualification : developing Train-the-Trainer Workshop for continental corporation
Mentoring in the sign language interpreting profession
Mentors' perceptions of teacher practice : a  case study of the School of Vocational Teacher Education
Immigrants at the workplace in the health care sector : Tehy survey on multiculturalism
Creating an employee handbook for Youth Centre Villa Elba Oy
Creative onboarding programs : tools for energizing your orientation program
Employee orientation guidebook for café's
Setting up and running charity shops : an essential guide
Planning of human resource processes
Research for a work orientation manual  : case Tourwise Ireland Ltd
Induction used in restaurant industry
Bridge over troubled water : new perspectives on teacher induction
Orientation manual for New Sun Gate Motel
Guidance and Orientation Manual : Internal Diseases Ward 11 - Central Finland Central Hospital
This thesis was commissioned by the sea import department of DSV Air & Sea Oy. The purpose of this final thesis was to create an orientation folder for a new employee and for the use of the current employees acting as their instructor. As the need for the thesis rose from practice, the thesis type is functional final thesis.    Methods used in this final thesis include a theoretical framework, an interview with the HR-manager of DSV Finland and utilization of writer's own professional experience. The theoretical framework is combined from the theory of orientation and basics of freight forwarding and sea mode transportation. The theory of orientation is build from the definition of orientation, reasons and benefits of it, what the actual orientation process is and the evaluation of the orientation at the end of the process. The theory of freight forwarding and sea mode transportation in the latter part of the theoretical framework gives an insight to the traffic coordinator's work by introducing importing from the third countries as well as different customs procedures.     The orientation folder was divided in to two parts based on the results of the theoretical framework, employment related issues and instructor's guidebook. The first part, employment related issues, is targeted for the new employee to introduce them to the practical issues regarding employment at DSV Air & Sea Oy. The second part, the instructor's guidebook, is for the use of both the new employee as well as their instructor. The instructor's guidebook aims to give the new employee all the essential, basic guidelines of the work of a traffic coordinator. The actual product is not included in this thesis due to the confidential nature of the company information it contains.    The implementation chapter of the thesis report contains a portrayal of the methods used to develop the final product as well a description of the orientation folder. Evaluation of the final product is also included in the implementation. The final part of the thesis report, the discussion, summarizes the results of the complete project and the final product.    The orientation folder has been checked and accepted by the head of the sea import department at DSV Air & Sea Oy. It meets the required standards and the expectations set for it by the writer and the commissioning company and it is considered to have improved the inner orientation process at DSV Air & Sea Oy. As a conclusion, the aim set for this thesis was achieved.
The comprehensive hospital orientation process in specialised health care settings : views of newly hired nurses and physicians
Recruiting, interviewing, selecting & orienting new employees
Orientation for new employees : case: Kaupthing Bank Oyj
Well-trained employees are the key to success : work orientation guide fro JukuPark Kalajoki
Mentoring and diversity : an international perspective
Orientation and its effects on new employee commitment at Company X Ltd
A handbook of industrial management
Planning and implementing an orientation guide for new employees
Guide for induction of warehouse employees at hub logistics automotive
Personalised implementation of a job induction program : case Front Office Department at the three Hilton hotels in Helsinki
Mentoring at work : developmental relationships in organizational life
Abstract: This thesis was implemented as development project, which purpose was to create an induction guidebook to Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry primarily for induction of trainees. By the induction target group are meant healthcare and social services field students who conduct their internships often at Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry. Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry is in Jyväskylä area operating association whose aim of action is to help towards sobriety those substance abusers who have already become sober and those who are still striving towards sobriety by offering them apartments and light support. The purpose of induction guidebook is to improve existing induction process of trainees and make it more consistent by offering them a proper induction guidebook which would act as their support through the whole induction. Induction guidebook works as information source and as a tool for trainees' self-evaluation so that they can assess their own progress during induction period. The purpose of project was also to collect all the existing material and data concerning Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry's induction from various sources into a single induction guidebook and to document the association's induction practices and methods.  In the induction guidebook are included an induction program and an induction checklist in order to support induction process and a questionnaire for inducted trainee to be filled after the induction period from his/her point of view so that the association could develop their induction process even further based on trainees' feedback. Induction guidebook included also all kind of other information of induction, association's operation model (association activity), job description and substance abusers as residents of the association's housing units.  The theoretical part of this project thesis consists of employee induction, job guidance and association activity theory parts. The empirical is the product of the project itself, the induction guidebook. The induction guidebook was provided to Kuiville Pyrkivien Tuki ry in a virtual form, so that it would be easily open for editing and updating in the future depending on their needs.
Welcome on board : an orientation guide for the face-to-face fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross
Orietation as a tool for work well-being at Stockmann's service point
