http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3048 work with developmentally disabled persons
work with developmentally disabled persons
Abnormal psychology : core concepts
Routines-based early intervention : supporting young children and their families
Working memory and education
Handbook of intellectual and developmental disabilities
Social work practice and intellectual disability
Development of work processes in the institutions for people with an intellectual disability
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Intellectual disability : understanding its' development, causes, classification, evaluation and treatment
Theology and Down syndrome : reimagining disability in late modernity
Service-oriented assessment of quality of life of adults with intellectual disabilities
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Summary (s. 7-8) : Services for people with intellectual disabilities in 2004.
Life course of Finnish persons with intellectual disabilities born 1898-1960 : a 35-year follow-up study
The United Nations and persons with disabilities : the first 50 years
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Household fuel and garbage combustion, street vending activities and adverse pregnancy outcomes : evidence from urban Ghana
The handbook of psycholinguistic and cognitive processes : perspectives in communication disorders
Daily activities among persons with developmental disabilities : assessment, staff experiences, and caring dynamics
Global health 101
Active support : enabling and empowering people with intellectual disabilities
Foundations of sport and exercise psychology
