http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3045 Indo-European languages
Indo-European languages
A dictionary of selected synonyms in the principal Indo-European languages : a contribution to the history of ideas
A reader in nineteenth-century historical Indo-European linguistics
Linguistic studies presented to André Martinet on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday. Part 2, Indo-European linguistics
Studia Indo-Uralica : the early relations between Indo-European and Uralic
On the Indo-European primary verbal suffix *-ye/o-
Aspects of the Táin
The diathesis in Indo-European
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages. Indexes
Stratigraphy of Indo-European Loanwords in Saami
Comparative Indo-European linguistics : an introduction
Selected writings : linguistic sign, typology and language reconstruction
Introduction to the "Laryngeal theory"
Proto Indo-European
Indo-European numerals
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages
A theory of textual reconstruction in Indo-European linguistics
Studia etymologica indoeuropaea : memoriae A. J. Van Windekens (1915-1989) dicata
Festschrift for Eric P. Hamp. Vol. 2
The character of the Indo-European moods : with special regard to Greek and Sanskrit
No abstract
Theoretical bases of Indo-European linguistics
From the Early Days of Finnish Indology IV - Julio Natanael Reuter
Tmesis and Proto-Indo-European syntax
The laws of Indo-European
Indo-European and the Indo-Europeans : a reconstruction and historical analysis of a proto-language and a proto-culture. Pt. 1, The text
Evidence for laryngeals
Toward proto-Nostratic : a new approach to the comparison of proto-Indo-European and proto-Afroasiatic
Proto-Indo-European phonology
Haeretica Indogermanica : a selection of Indo-European and Pre-Indo-European studies
Ainu sogo to Indo-Yoroppa sogo : kyotsu gokon o saguru = The Aynu protolanguage and the Indo-European protolanguage : a search for common roots
Archaelogy and language : the puzzle of Indo-European origins
Linguistic typology, universality and the realism of reconstruction
South Asian studies in Finland
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages : phonetic analysis
Laryngeal before sonant
The Indo-European lexicon : a full synchronic theory
Femininum genus : a study on the origins of the Indo-European feminine grammatical gender
Edgerton's law : The Phantom Evidence
Multilingualism and history of knowledge. 2, Linguistic developments along the silkroad: archaism and innovation in Tocharian
Studies in the Indo-European system of numerals
Encyclopedia of Indo-European culture
The Indo-European languages
Ancient Indo-European dialects : proceedings of the conference on Indo-European linguistics held at the University of California, Los Angeles, 1963
An Indoeuropean classification : a lexicostatistical experiment
The Oxford introduction to Proto-Indo-European and the Proto-Indo-European world
Tocharian and Indo-European studies. 7, Papers from the Arbeitstagung 100 Jahre Tocharologie : Kolloquium der Indogermanischen Gesellschaft 13.-15. Oktober 1995 an der Universität des Saarlandes in Saarbrücken
A student guide to the genitive of agent in the indo-European languages
Studies in honor of Jaan Puhvel. Pt. 1, Ancient languages and philology
The Indo-European protolanguage : a computational reconstruction
Festschrift for Eric P. Hamp. Vol. 1
Negation in English and other languages
Ainugo to indo · yōroppa sogo : gokon o hikaku suru = The Ainu language and the Indo-European protolanguage : the comparison between roots
The sound of Indo-European : phonetics, phonemics and morphophonemics
An Indo-European comparative dictionary
Avahattha and comparative vocabulary of new Indo-Āryan languages
A short introduction to the study of comparative grammar (Indo-European)
The development of verbal reduplication in Indo-European
Origins of the doubled complement construction in the I. E. languages of Europe
Studia Tocharica : selected writings = ausgewählte Beiträge
Studies in the syntax and semantics of the reduplicated presents of Homeric Greek and Indo-European
The bridge of words between east and west : eastern Indo-European languages (Persian, Urdu, Hindi, etc.) traced to western Indo-European languages (English, French, German, etc.)
A comparative etymologic lexicon of common Indo-Germanisches (Indo-European) words : with discussion of phonological dialectical changes, common-historical, geographical, archaeological, mythological, cultural, legal and scientific background. Vol. 8, O-,P-,R- : with discussion of Trojan entry into Italy, after the fall of Troy in Anatolia, and the founding of Rome at Latium. Further insight into the earlier history and culture of Anatolia and its effect on the culture of Greece and Rome : a plea for truth and honesty in linguistics, history, and geography, archaeology: "in all things, big or small"
A survey of Proto-Indo-European
Indo-european language and culture : an introduction
The American heritage dictionary of Indo-European roots
Linguistic studies : presented to André Martinet on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday. Part 2, Indo-European linguistics
Ancient Indo-European dialects : proceedings of the conference on Indo-European linguistics held at the University of California, Los Angeles, April 25-27, 1963
Proceedings of the fourteenth annual UCLA Indo-European Conference, Los Angeles, November 8-9, 2002
The nostratic macrofamily : a study in distant linguistic relationship
Leiden Indo-European etymological dictionary series
A structural and typological view of some Indo-European monophthongizations
Gender in Indo-European
System PIE : the primary phoneme inventory and sound law system for Proto-Indo-European
Archaeology and language : the puzzle of Indo-European origins
Indo-European and the Indo-Europeans : a reconstruction and historical analysis of a proto-language and a proto-culture. Pt. 2, Bibliography, indexes
Indo-European Word Formation : proceedings of the Conference held at the University of Copenhagen, October 20th-22nd 2000
Pre-Indo-European
Advanced principles of historical linguistics
When worlds collide : the Indo-Europeans and the Pre-Indo-Europeans : [conference at] the Rockefeller Foundation's Bellagio Study and Conference Center, Lake Como, Italy, February 8-13, 1988
From case to adposition : the development of configurational syntax in Indo-European languages
A comparative etymologic lexicon of common Indo-Germanisches (Indo-European) words : with discussion of phonological dialectical changes, common-historical, geographical, archaeological, mythological, cultural, legal and scientific background. Vol. 7, L-,M-,N- : with discussion of revised history of pre-Roman Greece and Anatolia : a plea for truth in linguistics, archaeology, history and geography
Tocharian and Indo-European studies
La langue poétique indo-européenne : actes du colloque de travail de la Société des études indo-européennes (indogermanische Gesellschaft/Society for Indo-European studies) Paris, 22-24 Octobre 2003
Indo-European and the Indo-Europeans : a reconstruction and historical analysis of a proto-language and a proto-culture. Part 2, Bibliography, Indexes
An introduction to the Indo-European languages
Apposition and nominal classification in Indo-European and beyond
The evolution of Indo-European nomenclature for salmonid fish : the case of 'huchen' (hucho spp.)
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages. Addenda and corrigenda
Indo-European language and society
The origin of Aryans : from Scythis to India
The inflectional categories of Indo-European
Etymology and the European Lexicon : Proceedings of the 14th Fachtagung der Indogermanischen Gesellschaft, 17-22 September 2012, Copenhagenn
Mír curad : studies in honor of Calvert Watkins
The new sound of Indo-European : essays in phonological reconstruction
Tense and aspect in Indo-European languages : theory, typology, diachrony
Internal reconstruction in Indo-European : methods, results, and problems : section papers from the XVI International Conference on Historical Linguistics, University of Copenhagen, 11th-15th August, 2003
