http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3041 book production
book production
Printers were powerful figures in the creation of early modern books: they determined the physical appearance of books, changed content, and even altered or eliminated the name of the author to suit their own commercial and cultural interests. These interventions encouraged the birth of modern notions of authorship, for they compelled writers, editors, and printers to confront questions of textual ownership and authority. In the publication of female authors, however, book producers had to grapple with new concerns about authority and value since female authors were few and far between and their appeal was far from guaranteed. Certainly, the novelty of female authors could represent both an economic and cultural niche for the enterprising printer, but that same novelty in a culture unaccustomed to women's literary production was also a risky investment.
The language of the foreign book trade : abbreviations, terms, phrases
The book trade in the Italian Renaissance
A companion to the history of the book
From Gutenberg to Luther : transnational print cultures in Scandinavia 1450-1525
The Stationers' Company and the book trade, 1550-1990
Competitiveness of the European Union publishing industries : [final report]
The book trade of the world. Vol. 1, Europe and international section
A history of book publishing in the United States
Into print : the production of female authorship in early modern France
The practices of literary translation : constraints and creativity
Scriptoria in medieval Saxony : St. Pancras in Hamersleben
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Print and public politics in the English Revolution
Lost books : reconstructing the print world of pre-industrial Europe
A guide to sustainable book provision
Books and the sciences in history
Shakespeare and the Book Trade
Iconography and the professional reader : the politics of book production in the Douce Piers Plowman
Publishing policies and family strategies : the fortunes of a Dutch publishing house in the 18th and early 19th centuries
A history of reading and writing in the Western world
Lost illusions : the politics of publishing in nineteenth-century France
Book production and publishing in Britain 1375-1475
E-books in libraries : a practical guide
Required reading : sociology's most influential books
The reading nation in the Romantic period
Wine report 2007
Printing in England in the fifteenth century : E. Gordon Duff's bibliography, with supplementary descriptions, chronologies and a census of copies
From oracles bones to E-publications : three millennia of publishing in China
Ephemeral city : cheap print and urban culture in Renaissance Venice
Perry's chemical engineers handbook. Section 9, Process economics
Wine report 2004
Book production
"This ground-breaking collection of essays presents a new bookish literary history, which situates questions about books at the intersection of a range of debates about the role of authors and readers, the organization of knowledge, the vogue for collecting, and the impact of overlapping technologies of writing and shifting generic boundaries"--Provided by publisher.
The author in Middle Byzantine literature : modes, functions, and identities
Encyclopedia of literature and criticism
Buch und Buchhandel in Europa im achtzehnten Jahrhundert = The book and the book trade in eighteenth century Europe : Fünftes Wolfenbütteler Symposium vom 1. bis 3. November 1977 : Vorträge hrsg. von Giles Barber und Bernhard Fabian
The book trade & its customers, 1450-1900 : historical essays for Robin Myers
Illustrated collection of eight essays examining the relationship between print and art from the sixteenth through the twentieth century. Explores the role of the book trade in the dissemination of artistic theory, fashion, and practice, and the influence of aesthetic trends on book design. Part of the Publishing Pathways series.
Pedlars and the popular press : itinerant distribution networks in England and the Netherlands 1600-1850
Since its publication in 1917, Duff's bibliography has been the standard reference for all printing in England and continental printing for the English market before 1501. Its 431 entries include accurate transcriptions, and 53 full-page plates illustrate all founts of type used in England and some of the continental founts. This edition revised by Lotte Hellinga, updates the work by adding 46 full descriptions of items that have come to light since 1917, a new and extensive census of copies, combined with a concordance to the main incunabula bibliographies and catalogues. A new chronological index, based on the results of recent research, replaces Duff's Typographical Index.
English for the energy industry
"This study is both an economic history and cultural history centered on the booksellers guild formed during the seventeenth century in the Dutch city of Leiden"--Provided by publisher.
The emergence of the book was an event of world historical importance, and heralded the dawning of modernity. In this history of that momentous process, the authors mesh together economic and technological history, sociology and anthropology, with the study of modes of consciousness to root the development of printing.
Bound to read : compilations, collections, and the making of Renaissance literature
Libraries, manuscripts and book culture in Vadstena Abbey
Wine report 2005
The thesis and the book
Tell me why : book-selling in Finland in the 1990s
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
The Oxford companion to the book
Developing knowledge workers in the printing and publishing industries : education, training and knowledge management in the publishing supply chain from the creator to the consumer
Books : the culture and commerce of publishing
Engaging with histories of the book and of reading, as well as with studies of material culture, this volume explores 'popularity' in early modern English writings. Is 'popular' best described as a theoretical or an empirical category in this period? How can we account for the gap between modern canonicity and early modern print popularity? How might we weight the evidence of popularity from citations, serial editions, print runs, reworkings, or extant copies? Is something that sells a lot always popular, even where the readership for print is only a small proportion of the population, or does popular need to carry something of its etymological sense of the public, the people? Four initial chapters sketch out the conceptual and evidential issues, while the second part of the book consists of ten short chapters-a 'hit parade'- in which eminent scholars take a genre or a single exemplar - play, romance, sermon, or almanac, among other categories-as a means to articulate more general issues. Throughout, the aim is to unpack and interrogate assumptions about the popular, and to decentre canonical narratives about, for example, the sermons of Donne or Andrewes over Smith, or the plays of Shakespeare over Mucedorus. Revisiting Elizabethan literary culture through the lenses of popularity, this collection allows us to view the subject from an unfamiliar angle-in which almanacs are more popular than sonnets and proclamations more numerous than plays, and in which authors familiar to us are displaced by names now often forgotten.
International literary market place (ILMP). 1987-88
A history of the book in America. Vol. 1, The colonial book in the Atlantic world
Never mind the web : here comes the book
The book trade of the world. Vol. 2, The Americas, Australia, New Zealand
Postcolonial writers in the global literary marketplace
The international publishing services market
The book year : how are Finnish publishers surviving the super-slump?
Small scale energy production has become increasingly popular. Each production unit increases the energy independence of individual households, while the aggregate production of many units together decreases the burden on centralized energy production systems. Several technologies for small-scale energy production have been developed.  The aim of this thesis work was to produce English language material about small wind power production technology and the installation process for a small wind power unit in Finland. The thesis work discusses wind, windiness in Finland, and wind power production in theory, and goes through the installation steps.  The wind conditions in Finland are defined as adequate for small-scale wind power production, especially in the coastal and archipelago areas, as well as on fells and hills.  Also inland sites near an open water body or fields are good windy locations. Small wind power production units are commonly used in boats, summerhouses and remote locations, as well as to produce extra energy for housing. The sizing is scaled according to the given application for the wind power production unit, and the energy produced can be used to charge batteries or to produce heat and power. In the case of heat and power production, the system is connected to the common power grid.  A profitable investment in small wind power production requires a combination of selecting an optimal location, having accurate data on long-term wind conditions, calculating the optimum size of the unit, and having a long-lasting reliable small wind power production unit. However, it is impossible to calculate accurate costs or profitability of small wind energy production due to the variability of wind conditions and the fluctuating price of electricity in the grid. The investment costs of small-scale wind power production are high, so the initial investment can only be recouped by operating the production unit over a long period of time. After the expensive initial investments, wind energy is free of charge and naturally renewable despite the maintenance and repair costs. Furthermore, small wind energy production is often considered as a matter of principle for promoters of green energy.  Keywords: Small Wind Power Production, Wind Power, Micro production.
Publishing the fine and applied arts, 1500 - 2000
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Patrons, authors and workshops : books and book production in Paris around 1400
Publishing the postcolonial : Anglophone West African and Caribbean writing in the UK, 1948-1968
The producer's business handbook
Geographies of the book
The significance of the printed word in early America : colonists' thoughts on the role of the press
The literary web : literature and publishing in the age of digital production : a study in the sociology of literature
Jonathan Swift and the eighteenth-century book
This book explores the impact that the "African Writers Series" had on the on the development of African writing in English in the 1960's by examining the works of such authors as George Lamming, Samuel Selvon, Wilson Harris, Derek Walcott, Amos Tutuola, Chinua Achebe, Ngugi Wa Thiongo, and Wole Soyinka. It takes into account recent debates in the discipline of book history, notably issues regarding the study of social, cultural, and economic questions of authorship, publishing histories, canon formation, and the production, distribution and reception of texts in the literary marketplace. BiographyGail Low teaches contemporary writing and publishing in English at the University of Dundee. She has co-edited A Black British Canon? and is the author of White Skins/Black Masks: Representation and Colonialism (Routledge, 1996).
Book history through postcolonial eyes : rewriting the script
The power of comics : history, form, and culture
Scholarship, commerce, religion : the learned book in the age of confessions, 1560-1630
Swift, the book, and the Irish financial revolution : satire and sovereignty in Colonial Ireland
50 years of book publishing in India since independence
An introduction to the world of children's books
"Pool's behind-the-scenes look at the institution of book reviewing analyzes how it works and why it often fails, describes how editors choose books for review and assign them to reviewers, examines the additional roles played by publishers, authors, and readers and contrasts traditional reviewing with newer, alternative book coverage." -- Provided by publisher.
Literary folios and ideas of the book in early modern England
From compositors to collectors : essays on book-trade history
Cost-efficiency of small wind power production in Finland
Inside book publishing
Making meaning : "Printers of the mind" and other essays
Bookish histories : books, literature, and commercial modernity, 1700-1900
"A collection of nineteen essays that trace texts from their creation and printing through to their publication, dissemination, and collection. Examines continuities and changes in the book trade and is illustrated in black and white. The eleventh volume of the Print Networks series"--Provided by publisher.
Bookmaking : the illustrated guide to design/production/editing
The Elizabethan top ten : defining print popularity in Early Modern England
Print is dead : books in our digital age
Manuscripts and ghosts : essays on the transmission of medieval and early renaissance literature
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Faint praise : the plight of book reviewing in America
A meeting of the continents : the International Book Fair of Radical Black and Third World Books - revisited : history, memories, organisation and programmes 1982-1995
Printed book cultures in Scandinavia before 1525 were formed by their vicinity to expanding European book markets. Collections of prints were founded, decisions on printing books in Scandinavia were based upon thorough knowledge of what printers on the continent achieved in question of volume, quality and price. Building on a large database of contemporary provenances and statistical analyses of every possible aspect of peripheral book markets, as well as on new readings of many old and new sources, this book recalibrates scholarly looks on Scandinavian book history before the Reformation. The result is a fresh portrait of a dynamic period in cultural history which places Scandinavia, though in the geographical periphery of Europe, in the middle of European printing.
The publication of plays in London 1660-1800 : playwrights, publishers and the market
The book trade in Finland : from author to reader - support measures and development in the book trade
Old books, new technologies : the representation, conservation and transformation of books since 1700
Not dead things : the dissemination of popular print in England and Wales, Italy, and the Low Countries, 1500-1820
VAT and book policy : impacts and issues
The coming of the book : the impact of printing 1450-1800
Popular music. 3, Producers and markets
Virginia Woolf described fictions as 'grossly material things', rooted in their physical and economic contexts. This book takes Woolf's hint as its starting point, asking who made the books of the English Renaissance. It recovering the ways in which women participated as co-authors, editors, translators, patrons, printers, booksellers, and readers.
"The digital revolution has brought with it a wider range of options for creating and producing print on paper products than ever seen before. With the growing demand for skills and knowledge with which to exploit the potential of digital technology, comes the need for a comprehensive book that not only makes it possible for production staff, editors, and designers to understand how the technology affects the industry they work in, but also provides them with the skills and competencies they need to work in it smartly and effectively. This book is designed to satisfy this need. Book Production falls into two parts:The first part deals with the increasingly important role of production as project managers, a role which has not been adequately written about in any of the recent literature on publishing. The second part deals with the processes and raw materials used in developing and manufacturing print on paper products. Case studies are used to illustrate why and how some processes or raw materials may or may not be appropriate for a particular job. With expert opinions and case studies, and a consideration of the practices and issues involved, this offers a comprehensive overview of book production for anyone working, or training to work in or in conjunction with the books industry"--
Buying books : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Publishing for profit : successful bottom-line management for book publishers
The Stationers' Company and the printers of London 1501-1557
From the early Sumerian clay tablet through to the emergence of the electronic text, this companion provides a continuous and coherent account of the history of the book. This title makes use of illustrative examples and case studies of well-known texts. It was written by a group of expert contributors. It covers topical debates, such as the nature of censorship and the future of the book.
English summary.
Methods of book design : the practice of an industrial craft
The paradox of prosperity : the Leiden booksellers' guild and the distribution of books in early modern Europe
A history of book publishing in the United States. Vol. 2, The expansion of an industry, 1865-1919
Jesuit books in the Dutch republic and its generality lands, 1567-1773 : a bibliography
A decade ago, Roderick Conway Morris claimed that 'almost everything that was going to happen in book publishing - from pocket book, instant books and pirated books, to the concept of author's copyright, company mergers and remainders - occurred during the early days of printing.' Ian Maclean's survey brings this assertion to life.
The VES handbook of visual effects : industry standard VFX practices and procedures
Application of a Bacillus secretion vector in protein production
Books and their readers in eighteenth-century England : new essays
The electronic book : the change of paradigm for a changing bookmarket
'Grossly material things' : women and book production in early modern England
Popular reading and publishing in Britain 1914-1950
Design and Distribution of Late Medieval Manuscripts in England
The production and reception of literature : a seminar report
Production control in Finnish agriculture : determinants of control policy and quantitative and economic efficiency of dairy restrictions
Bookmaking : the illustrated guide to design and production
The coming of the book : the impact of printing, 1450-1800
