http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3046 dances
dances
Kathaka : the tradition : fusion and diffusion
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
The Nyau masquerade : an examination of HIV/AIDS, power and influence in Malawi
Latin devotion : ...from the Latin soul
Ballroom dancing / Step-by-Step
Picador-marsch : op. 172
The Sleeping Beauty : a journey to the Ballet of the Mariinsky Theatre
Summary in Finnish.
Super Latin. Vol. 2, 21 original Latin hits
Dancebeat : Latin sensation
Streetdance 39.
How to hula
Popular dance : from ballroom to hip-hop
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 10, Hip hip chin chin
Body, movement and dance in psychotherapy : An international journal for theory, research and practice
Musical notations for dance teachers
Modern dance : techniques and teaching
The Allemande, the Balletto, and the Tanz. Vol. 1, The history
An endeavor by Harlem dancers to achieve equality : the recognition of the Harlem-based African-American jazz dance between 1921 and 1943
Argentine tango : a guide to basics and beyond
Dance history : an introduction
Dirty dancing : official dance workout
In 1996, Pablo Ventura turned his attention to the choreography software Life Forms to find out whether the then-revolutionary new tool could lead to new possibilities of expression in contemporary dance. During the next 2 decades, he devised choreographic techniques and custom software to create dance works that highlight the operational logic of computers, accompanied by computer-generated dance and media elements. This article provides a firsthand account of how Ventura's engagement with algorithmic concepts guided and transformed his choreographic practice. The text describes the methods that were developed to create computer-aided dance choreographies. Furthermore, the text illustrates how choreography techniques can be applied to correlate formal and aesthetic aspects of movement, music, and video. Finally, the text emphasizes how Ventura's interest in the wider conceptual context has led him to explore with choreographic means fundamental issues concerning the characteristics of humans and machines and their increasingly profound interdependencies..
Orchesography : or, the art of dancing by characters and demonstrative figures
Dance Anatomy
This book takes a fresh 'how to' approach to Practice as Research. At the 'performance turn' it argues that old prejudices should be abandoned and that a PaR methodology and its modes of 'doing-knowing' should be fully accepted in the academy. It refines Robin Nelson's earlier models for PaR but sustains the dynamic and dialogic interplay between different modes of knowledge-production in a multi-mode research inquiry. It advances strategies for articulating and evidencing the research inquiry and offers practical guidance to practitioner-researchers on how to conduct a PaR inquiry. With reference to examples drawn from a decade of supervisory, examining and audit experience, Nelson addresses - and offers answers to - the many questions students, professional practitioner-researchers, regulators and examiners have posed in this domain. To broaden the perspective and take account of differing levels of acceptance and development of programmes in PaR around the word, in Part II of the book six international contributors respond to Part I and afford cross-sights from the standpoint of their territory (covering the US, Europe, South Africa and New Zealand).
The Choreographic
The Latin mix. 4, Bryan Watson & Carmen
Asian traditional theatre and dance
Dance and drama in Bali
A technique of advanced standard ballroom figures
The best of country dance back to back : Line dancing. Vol. 1.
Sensuality & nationalism in romantic ballet
The prospect before us
One past, many histories : Loitsu (1933) in the context of dance art in Finland
The ultimate line dance reference dvd : 70 steps
Brazil : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing : Karina, Dimitri
Gold Star Ballroom : Slow fox
The latin mix
Giants of Latin : the Walter Laird Rhythms
Vivo latino : best of latin music
The male dancer : body, spectacle, sexualities
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 14, Victor & Anna
Classical dances and costumes of India
Who are you?
Creative dance in the primary school
Get up and line dance
Dictionary of dance rhythms : supplementary book no. 1 = Dictionnaire de rythmes = Rhytmen-lexikon
Country line dance favourites
Jerome Robbins' Broadway : original Broadway cast recording
Making connections : total body integration through Bartenieff fundamentals
A choreographer's handbook
New and curious school of theatrical dancing : the classic illustrated treatise on Commedia dell'arte performance
Line dance fever. 8, Staying one step ahead
Anarchic dance
Dances of England and France from 1450 to 1600 : with their music and authentic manner of performance
Country line dance favorites
Cha cha collection
In the Search of Audience : Ideas and Practises of Audience Development in the Regional Dance Centers in Finland
Masters of modern. 13.
That's danceable. Vol. 2, Latin
Your Move : a New Approach to the Study of Movement and Dance : Teacher's Guide
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing & listening. 12, Anything goes
Move the way you feel : effects of musical features, perceived emotions, and personality on music-induced movement
The routledge dance studies reader
Totally country. 2
Twelve Dances : from Arbeau's Orchesography
Dance and music of court and theater : selected writings of Wendy Hilton
Labanotation, or, Kinetography Laban : the system of analyzing and recording movement
Sex, music & bloomers : a social history of American popular music, 1892-1915
Bodies moving and moved : a phenomenological analysis of the dancing subject and the cognitive and ethical values of dance art
Keyboard dances
Algorithmic reflections on choreography
Let's dance! : learn to swing, jitterbug, rumba, tango, line dance, lambada, cha-cha, waltz, two-step, foxtrot and salsa with style, grace and ease
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
EDM and Ecstasy : the lived experiences of electronicdance music festival attendees
Dancing cello : for cello and piano = Roztanczona wiolonczela
Dance anecdotes : stories from the worlds of ballet, Broadway, the ballroom, and modern dance
Gold Star Ballroom : Samba
Cultural dynamics and minority identity in music : an ethnomusicological case study of the Swedish-Finnish popular music in the dancehalls of Gothenburg. (1)
The complete book of games
Jump and jive : original hits
Dancing from the heart : movement, gender, and Cook Islands globalization
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
Rattlebone & Ploughjack
The art of Baroque dance : Folies d'Espagne from page to stage
Country line dance favorites : The country dance kings
THE OFFICIAL GUIDE TO BALLROOM DANCING
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
Dance dramaturgy : modes of agency, awareness and engagement
Impulse : the international journal of dance science, medicine, and education
Dance and Music : A Guide to Dance Accompaniment for Musicians and Dance Teachers
Practice as research in the arts : principles, protocols, pedagogies, resistances
Organizational internal communication : case Tanssipaviljonki Tulenliekki
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
Dance : from folk to classical
Slow waltz collection
Gold Star Ballroom : Quick-step
Drama and dance in the christian church : 20 centuries, 20 classic productions
A technique of advanced Latin-American figures
Dancers of the world
Dictionary of dance rhythms = Dictionnaire de rythmes ; Rhythmen-Lexikon
Arts-based therapy of eating disorders in youth
Heartline
Jive collection
Participation in dance training in Finland : a study of motives and behavior regulation
The joy of dancing : ballroom, latin and jive for social dancers of all ages
Craig Revel Horwood's Ballroom Dancing
The ballroom dance pack
Technique of ballroom dancing
Dancing days are here again
Christy Lane ́s complete book of line dancing
The line dance way : step-by-step instruction to 11 exciting dances on one DVD
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step-by-step
Dancing lessons : how I found passion and potential on the dance floor and in life
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step by step
It's time for cha-cha : original hits
French renaissance dances for four recorders : with ornamentation instructions and choreographies = Französische Tänze aus der Renaissance für vier Blockflöten : mit Verzierungshinweisen und Choreographien = Danses françaises de la renaissance pour quatre flûtes a bec : avec indications pour les ornements et les chorégraphies = Francia reneszánsz táncok négy furulyára : díszítési útmutatóval és koreográfiákkal
The best dance moves in the world ... ever! : 100 new and classic moves and how to bust them
Lord of the dance : my story
John Brimhall's complete book of dancing rhythms [Nuottijulkaisu] : for the piano student
Honky tonk line dance party
The complete guide to Irish dance
The healthful art of dancing
Dance, gender and meanings ; Contemporizing traditional dance : proceedings of the 26th Symposium of the ICTM Study Group on Ethnochoreology 2010 : Třešt', Czech Republic
International handbook of research in arts education
The Allemande, the Balletto, and the Tanz. Vol. 2, The music
Worlding dance
Four dance subcultures : a study of non-professional dancers ́socialization, participation motives, attitudes and stereotypes
Christy Lane's complete book of line dancing
Classics for Kids : music for beginning ballet class
Sports illustrated figure skating : championship techniques
Gold Star Ballroom : Waltz
Gold Star ballroom : Cha, cha, cha
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 13, Jonathan & Katusha
Dance production : design and technology
Save the last dance
Country line dance fun
How to successfully manage dance-related business in a highly competitive environment
The flamenco fanatic : the complete guide
Rumba collection
This is ballroom dance
Country line dancing. 2
The Latin mix. 5.
Dancing : the power of dance around the world
Celebration : Tlingit, Haida, Tsimshian dancing on the land
Performing processes
Kukuríku : Hebrew Songs and Dances : Voices, Recorders, Orff Instruments
Latin American dancing
Games and dances of the Maori people
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, salsa, merengue, lambada and line dance - step-by step!
Trendance : The Hits of the Future
My body moves in music therapy : body movements and their role in music therapy in the treatment of depression and an eating disorder : a case study
Ancona open ballroom. 5.
A century of dance
Latin nights : 44 tropical hits for Latin dancing
Baroque dance unmasked : workshop to performance
Dance & community : Spring 2005 conference : Florida State University Tallahasee, Florida, March 7-10, 2005.
Creating through dance
The joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
Tango argentino
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
First steps to ballroom dancing
Dance of court & theater : the French noble style 1690-1725
Attracting and maintaining funders after an internal crisis in an arts organization case : dance theatre of Harlem
Gold Star Ballroom : Paso doble
Wanáǧi Wachípi ki̧ : the ghost dance among the Lakota Indians in 1890
Regional dances of Mexico
Seventeenth-century instrumental dance music in Uppsala university library : instr. mus. hs 409
Slow fox collection
The mystery of samba : popular music & national identity in Brazil
Gold Star Ballroom : Tango
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The dances of Africa
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
Dance News
Gold Star Ballroom : jive
Creative movement for children
The official guide to latin dancing
The dances of ASEAN
Waltz : the best waltz collection of Dancelife
