http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3058 agricultural entrepreneurs
agricultural entrepreneurs
Udder health and communication : proceedings of the international conference 25-27 October 2011, Utrecht, the Netherlands
Rural policymaking procedures : promotion of economies in the partnerships for rural development
Paper for the world : The Finnish Paper Mill's Association - Finnpap 1918-1996
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2010.
Global tourism : cultural heritage and economic encounters
Entrepreneurship and economic development : recent research in European entrepreneurship : RENT 8 conference proceedings
Farmers and the entrepreneurial potential
Coping with risk in agriculture : applied decision analysis
Agribusiness and rural enterprise
Government aid to private enterprise in Finland
Farm business management : the human factor
The rural-urban interface in Africa : expansion and adaptation
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2004.
Key factors influencing economic relationships and communication in European food chains (FOODCOMM) : review of sausage and rye bread chains in Finland
The handbook of research on entrepreneurship in agriculture and rural development
The great domaines of Burgundy : a guide to the finest wine producers of the Côte d'Or
Abstract: Guide to Agricultural Constructing.
Tales of organics in Finland
The economic implications of human ability on Finnish book-keeping farms
Constructing and negotiating entrepreneurial agency : a social psychological approach to entrepreneurship discourse in the farm context
Globalized home environments : on the questions of production and social reproduction in rural Finland
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farm
Exercise- and ergonomics-focused promotion of health and work ability in farmers' occupational health services
European competition policy in the Finnish forest sector
Self help group: an approach to women empowerment in Chhattisgarh
Market farming success : the business of growing and selling local food
Effects of the CAP on the social situation of farm workers in the European Community
Determinants of farmer retirement and farm succession in Finland
Diploma of Higher Education : Competence modules for everyone
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2001.
The static welfare effects of the accession to the European Union on the Finnish agricultural markets
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2007.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2008.
Farm animal welfare and production in relation to farmer attitudes
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2000.
Gendered rural spaces
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2006.
How do small rural food-processing firms compete? : a resource-based approach to competitive strategies
Three farms : making milk, meat, and money from the American soil
Producers of rural goods and services in five European countries : a comparative analysis of rural regions under urban pressure
Evaluation of the impacts of national aids in southern Finland : application and impacts of measures under Commission Decision C(2008)696 in Finland
Physical work and ergonomics in dairy farming : effects of occupationally oriented medical rehabilitation and environmental measures
Local responses to global changes : economic and social development in Northern Europe's countryside
Summary (s. 1-9).
Abstract: Potato producer as a supplier of retailers and wholesalers.
Tourism and agriculture : new geographies of consumption, production and rural restructuring
Renewable natural resources sector : national core curriculum in agriculture, horticulture, forestry, fishery and other renewable natural resources on the upper secondary level
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farms
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2005.
Promoting farmer entrepreneurship through producer organizations in Central and Eastern Europe
Female farmers of the north
The future of young farmers in the European Union
Summary.
The agrarian history of Sweden : from 4000 BC to AD 2000
The Kalamari Union : middle class in East and West
Geographical perspectives on sustainable rural change
Risk factors of musculoskeletal disorders and work disability among Finnish farmers
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2002.
Clustering of occupational injuries, diseases, and disability in Finnish farmers : an opportunity for targeted prevention
Special environmental funding by the EU, and the establishment of buffer zones : investigating attitudes and opinions from the agricultural producers in the catchment area around Lake Tuusulanjärvi
Farmers' decision-making on adjustment into the EU
Strengthening farmer-led economic activities and agribusiness through producer organizations in Zambia : a country specific study of Zambia for the farmers fighting poverty : producers' organizations support programme
Entrepreneurship, innovation and regional development : an introduction
Food supply chains in lagging  rural regions in Finland : an SME perspective
Zimbabwe takes back its land
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2003.
Important trends and required skills in Finland
Special environmental funding by the EU, and the establishment of buffer zones : investigating attitudes and opinions from the agricultural producers in the catchment area around Lake Tuusulajärvi
Women and microcredit in rural Bangladesh : anthropological study of the rhetoric and realities of Grameen Bank lending
Agricultural medicine : occupational and environmental health for the health professions
You can farm : the entrepreneur's guide to start and succeed in a farm enterprise
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2009.
The paradox of property and business formalisation in Tanzania
Strategy and innovation model for the entrepreneurial forest owner
The aged in rural environment : papers presented in the congress "Die soziale und ökonomische Lage und die soziale Verhältnisse der Alter" in Turku 29.9.-2.10.1987 : the research project "Das Alter auf dem Lande und in der Landwirtschaft"
Study of outside gainful activities of farmers and their spouses in the E.E.C
Business Brief : Britain
Community Plant Variety Office : annual report 2000
Coping with risk in agriculture
Physical work and ergonomics in dairy farming : effects of occupationally oriented rehabilitation and environmental measures
