http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3056 databases
databases
A web-based reservation system : with PHP and MySQL
Database solutions : a step-by-step guide to building databases
A meta-information approach to relational database representation and manipulation based on Prolog
Use of temporal information in English vowel classification : experiments with the TIMIT database
The complete database marketer : second-generation strategies and techniques for tapping the power of your customer database
Online notice board
The First International Oslo Symposium on Data Banks and Society : the proceedings, including the papers
Deductive database queries based on transitive relationships and entity types
Beginning PHP and MySQL : from novice to professional
Introduction. Book I: SQL Concepts. Chapter 1: Understanding Relational Databases. Chapter 2: Modeling a System. Chapter 3: Getting to Know SQL. Chapter 4: SQL and the Relational Model. Chapter 5: Knowing the Major Components of SQL. Chapter 6: Drilling Down to the SQL Nitty-Gritty. Book II: Relational Database Development. Chapter 1: System Development Overview. Chapter 2: Building a Database Model. Chapter 3: Balancing Performance and Correctness. Chapter 4: Creating a Database with SQL. Book III: SQL Queries. Chapter 1: Values, Variables, Functions, and Expressions. Chapter 2: SELECT Statements and Modifying Clauses. Chapter 3: Querying Multiple Tables with Subqueries. Chapter 4: Querying Multiple Tables with Relational Operators. Chapter 5: Cursors. Book IV: Data Security. Chapter 1: Protecting Against Hardware Failure and External Threats. Chapter 2: Protecting Against User Errors and Conflicts. Chapter 3: Assigning Access Privileges. Chapter 4: Error Handling. Book V: SQL and Programming. Chapter 1: Database Development Environments. Chapter 2: Interfacing SQL to a Procedural Language. Chapter 3: Using SQL in an Application Program. Chapter 4: Designing a Sample Application. Chapter 5: Building an Application. Chapter 6: Understanding SQL's Procedural Capabilities. Chapter 7: Connecting SQL to a Remote Database. Book VI: SQL and XML. Chapter 1: Using XML with SQL. Chapter 2: Storing XML Data in SQL Tables. Chapter 3: Retrieving Data from XML Documents. Book VII: Database Tuning Overview. Chapter 1: Tuning the Database. Chapter 2: Tuning the Environment. Chapter 3: Finding and Eliminating Bottlenecks. Book VIII: Appendices. Appendix A: SQL:2008 Reserved Words. Appendix B: Glossary. Index.
Advances in information modelling and knowledge bases
Quotation information automation solution
GENERIS Work order management : work order follow ups improvements
Online Information 96 : 20th International Online Information Meeting : proceedings, London 3-5 December 1996
Oracle DBA on Unix and Linux
Database : principles, programming, performance
The possibilities for a statistical analysis of student information at Oulu University of Applied Sciences
World databases in social sciences
Working with ORACLE : version 6.0
Oracle9i for dummies
Utility of a Web Site
Software project tracking server installation and implementation in PARTERRE project
Physical database design : the database professional's guide to exploiting indexes, views, storage, and more
A novel e-commerce web portal: a student led co-creation case within an SME and a Uni-versity of Applied Sciences
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Conceptual schema and relational database design : a fact oriented approach
Beginning Microsoft SQL server 2008 administration
Adopting the Vaadin java framework to rebuild VTT's web interfaces and database applications
ICDT '90 : Third International Conference on Database Theory, Paris, France, December 12-14, 1990 : proceedings
Sams teach yourself SQL in 10 minutes
Web Technology of Electronic Commerce
Building the data warehouse
Inside the database object model
Android as a platform for database application development case : Winha mobile
Development of the training sales support tool
Object persistence : beyond object-oriented databases
SQL for dummies
Interpreters at Terminology Work: Views to Professional Development, Language Policy and Language Management
Working with ORACLE
The definitive guide to MongoDB : the noSQL database for cloud and desktop computing
Universal database management : a guide to object/relational technology
Development of a household data base in Finland
Database systems : design, implementation and management
Knowledge, Information and Quality in Organizations : Case: Developing an Interest Group Information Database for Tampereen Logistiikka
The rule-based prototype implementation for the operation-oriented recursive query language approach and its integration with relational databases
Data structures : an object-oriented approach : instructor's manual
The database space management in Nokia network management systems
The Times Digital Archive
Windows presentation foundation application development for a movie theater
Abstract: This project was made for a company that provides a networking website for people who are interested in music. The objective of this project was to develop an application which collects and stores data from two distinct websites namely, http://www.muusikoiden.net and http://www.imperiumi.net. Both websites contain rich information about artists and their gig schedule, which was the main interest of the company. Another goal was to compile one data table that contains all the information which was gathered from the above mentioned sites. The application was developed using a web crawler integrated with Document Object Model Interface, which enables different programming languages to access any websites by representing the components in a more structured form. This crawler was made to iterate for every page in the websites. After parsing, the stored data was analyzed by the application to detect if there were any name prefixes, and remove those prefixes on every occurrence. Finally, a complete table with all the required information was build. Web crawler is a powerful programming application which can help for locating and accessing information from any web documents. And by combining the information it is possible to innovate or make useful analysis.
Exploiting the international corpus of learner English (ICLE)
An introduction to database systems. Volume 1.
Augmented Reality Client-Server Application for Schneider Electrics’ Protection Relay
Foundation for future database systems : the third manifesto
Object databases : the essentials
Too big to ignore : the business case for big data
User interface conception for asset management system
Fundamentals of data warehouses
Database design : know it all
A systematic approach to modelling the costs of flat files
Distributed database management : tutorial
Implementing warranty system to extranet application
Searching skills toolkit : finding the evidence
The catalogue of folklore and mythology contains ca. 50,000 abstracts of oral texts from all over the  world. The distribution of  2,000 cosmological and etiological motifs, adventure and trickster episodes is systematically checked across almost 1,000 traditions. The database was developed as a tool for the research of prehistoric migrations and cultural interactions. The present article introduces and illustrates its potential for research..
SQL all-in-one for dummies
NOV building block
Understanding DB2 : learning visually with examples
Data driven marketing for dummies
Finding information in science, technology and medicine
Feature extraction for supervised learning in knowledge discovery systems
Application Workflow Analysis and Simulation
Leonardo data warehouse : user's guide
Online information 93 : 17th International Online Information Meeting, proceedings, London 7-9 December 1993
Measuring scholarly impact
Efficient query processing in geographic information systems
Leonardo data warehouse : administrator's guide
Servers and Extendable Server’s Management System for the Robot-platform  : Part of the “Roboteh” project
Information systems management in the big data era
Automata, languages, and machines. B
SAP HANA cookbook : your all-inclusive guide to understanding SAP HANA with practical recipes
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
Database system concepts
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation, and management
Object databases in practice
Data structures : an object-oriented approach
Reductive and generative approaches to morphological variation of keywords in monolingual information retrieval
Database Replication – an Overview of Replication Techniques in Common Database Systems
Tietopankin käyttö rakennushankkeessa = Use of the databank in the building project
Informatics 12 : the structuring of information : [proceedings of the Twelfth Informatics Conference, Royal Holloway College, March 1993]
Crop variety trials : data management and analysis
Going online 1988
Centralized Debtor Database for Instant Loan Creditors - New Service Concept
A concept for an international knowledge base in Laurea UAS
Operation-oriented query language approach for recursive queries
Beginning Oracle Database 11g Administration : From Novice to Professional
Databases demystified
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Creating data base with Access, linked to TTM  Oracle data base via ODBC
Object-oriented databases
Flash XML applications : use AS2 and AS3 to create photo galleries, menus, and databases
ValTer2 and ForesTer : From a relational term bank to hypertext on the Web
Simulation Software Cooperation with SCADADMS
The SKVR database of ancient poems of the Finnish people in Kalevala meter and the semantic Kalevala
Developing Archaeological Database in Finland : case: Lahti City Museum
Theory of data bases
13th annual Computer Security Applications Conference, San Diego, California, December 8-12, 1997 : proceedings [ACSAC '97]
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation and management
Research foundations in object-oriented and semantic database systems
Server for a best sale application
Customer relationship management: concepts and technologies
The Matti Kuusi International Database of Proverbs
Creating student internship database for Laurea University of Applied Sciences
Microsoft Office Access 2007 : quicksteps
Web crawler and information management
Bioinformatic approaches for integration of genomic information
Indexing strategies for time series data
Foundation for object/relational databases : the third manifesto : a detailed study of the impact of objects and type theory on the relational model of data including a comprehensive proposal for type inheritance
This timely text/reference explores the business and technical issues involved in the management of information systems in the era of big data and beyond. The book presents a solid introduction to the concepts of information systems and big data, guiding the reader from first principles and making extensive use of examples to promote a deeper understanding of both theory and practice. Topics and features: Presents review questions and discussion topics in each chapter for classroom group work and individual research assignments Discusses the potential use of a variety of big data tools and techniques in a business environment, explaining how these can fit within an information systems strategy Reviews existing theories and practices in information systems, and explores their continued relevance in the era of big data Describes the key technologies involved in information systems in general and big data in particular, placing these technologies in an historic context Suggests areas for further research in this fast moving domain Equips readers with an understanding of the important aspects of a data scientist?s job Provides hands-on experience to further assist in the understanding of the technologies involved With a Foreword by Professor Richard Hill, Head of the Department of Computing and Mathematics at the University of Derby, UK This comprehensive and accessible work is eminently suitable for modular courses on modern information systems, for students of both computer science and management. Professionals interested in data science in the context of how it can be used in business will also find the book to be ideal for self-study.
Automata, languages, and machines. A
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
Abstract: This project was carried out for Process Vision Oy and the main goal was to find solutions for improving the current Work Order Management (a part of GENERIS application). As GENERIS is a standard information system for different energy markets, the current Work Order platform needs a more effective management interface. The process of following up with existing work orders needed to be improved, so that users could effectively manage all work order data within the system. The new user interface should be productive, user-friendly and it must follow a common design pattern. Improvement ideas were collected based on existing requirements and analogue use cases. It was necessary to implement a prototype for Work Order Follow Ups module using the existing GENERIS Meter Asset Management platform. Since GENERIS is an energy information system that is built on the Windows operating system, the new implementation was done using the Microsoft Foundation Class framework and the C++ pro-gramming language. The prototype needed to be evaluated and tested against specific use cases using a test database. The result of the project was the implementation of new user interfaces which could in-crease users' productivity in basic use cases. This thesis also analysed the existing work-flow definition object in GENERIS platform, which resembled the work order object. There were certain limits which eliminated the possibility to develop new work order object based on the workflow definition object. However, a suggestion for a new data model was also described in this thesis.
Folklore and mythology catalogue : its lay-out and potential for research
Go! with Microsoft Access 2007 : comprehensive
Unstable feature relevance in classification tasks
Content-based search and browsing in semantic multimedia retrieval
Order book and volume tracking tool
A DBTechNet Project for VET Teacher Training on Database SQL Transactions
Use of technology in the recruitment process : Norwegian and Polish HR market trends
Data warehousing, data mining, and OLAP
EPLAN Electric P8 – parts database and pilot project : development of component database for E-CAE tool and its implementation in project documentation
The problem of incomplete information in relational databases
Databases for accounting research : [research report]
eMedic : developing new practices for teleconsultation and diabetes
Organizational information systems development
Processing business data and statistics from IBM WebSphere commerce
Cash Register Terminal : Case: Art Gallery Cash Terminal
The 2PC agent method and its correctness
This book is an authoritative handbook of current topics, technologies and methodological approaches that may be used for the study of scholarly impact. The included methods cover a range of fields such as statistical sciences, scientific visualization, network analysis, text mining, and information retrieval. The techniques and tools enable researchers to investigate metric phenomena and to assess scholarly impact in new ways. Each chapter offers an introduction to the selected topic and outlines how the topic, technology or methodological approach may be applied to metrics-related research. Comprehensive and up-to-date, Measuring Scholarly Impact: Methods and Practice is designed for researchers and scholars interested in informetrics, scientometrics, and text mining. The hands-on perspective is also beneficial to advanced-level students in fields from computer science and statistics to information science.
Advances in database technology : EDBT '92 : 3rd International Conference on Extending Database Technology, Vienna, Austria, March 1992 : proceedings
SERVER FOR A BEST SALE APPLICATION
Qt Quality Visualization
Technology acceptance of digital historical record database systems among historians
Order Book and Volume Tracking Tool
PHP and MySQL: 24-Hour Trainer
Evidence-based medicine in Sherlock Holmes' footsteps
The aim of this Master's thesis was to build a web server providing an Rest API endpoint which could be used to develop platform independent applications displaying online advertisement content for mobiles and tablets. Reducing wastage of paper, minimizing the cost of advertisement, improving the accessibility of the best discount offer for the end user/customer and maintaining the statistical data of online advertisements are some of the practical problems discussed in this thesis. To achieve that aim it was decided to develop a web service using J2EE with a Java programming language. A tomcat servlet container was used as the web server and MySQL database for storing the information. The advertisements information obtained from shop website as RSS content are polled, parsed and saved in database. This information is available for the application developer as Rest API endpoints pertaining to every shop categorized based on city. Although this project was an internal work during the Master's thesis project, the online advertisement concept still carries a significant potential for future upgrading and a wide utilization in the mobile market. The application and the thesis concept if realized will have overwhelming response from the shop and the end users.
Database application PAHA
Online Information 95 : 19th International Online Information Meeting, proceedings, London 5 - 7 December 1995
Oracle database design for e-commerce application
An Evaluation of DB2 Express-C pureXML Feature Pack
The Internet movie database
Understanding and analyzing SQL/CLI database usage of Java software: empirical study
Entry-Level free Commercial databases: A Usability Study
Principles of social media monitoring and analysis software
MySQL weekend crash course
General value conversion and aggregation operations : definition and integration with relational, entity-based and deductive data retrieval techniques
Improvement of course enrolment process : Case: Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
Object-oriented multidatabase systems : a solution for advanced applications
Access 2010 bible
Web-based course registration management system
Improvement of course enrolment process: Case: Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management
The Uexkü̈ll approach : evaluation of multivariate data organizations for support of visual information retrieval
Web-based library management system with PHP and MySQL
Distributed database systems : main current problems and solutions
Astrophysical applications of powerful new databases : Joint Discussion No. 16 of the 22nd General Assembly of the IAU, the Hague, Netherlands 22-23 August 1994
Database management systems : designing and building business applications
An implementation of the server cache synchronisation protocol (SCSP)
Database and applications security : integrating information security and data management
Bulding web application for Mahabad University graduate affairs
Data bases, computers, and the social sciences
System D : an integrated tool for systems design, implementation and data base management
Dictionary-based cross-language information retrieval : principles, system design and evaluation
Database performance tuning by indexing
Nordisk databasguide 1987 = Directory of online databases in the Nordic countries 1987
Database processing : fundamentals, design, and implementation
Designing the requirements : building applications that the user wants and needs / Scott Britton
Theory and practice of relational databases
Microsoft Access : basics
Teach yourself visually Access 2013
Data warehouse : from architecture to implementation
Customer database for Watrec Oy
The possibilities for a statistical analysis of student information at Oulu
University of Applied Sciences
Beginning database design solutions
Comparable corpora in cross-language information retrieval
The object database handbook : how to select, implement and use object-oriented databases
Utilization of adjacency model in graph analysis
