http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3063 country music
country music
Mental, neurological and substance use (MNS) disorders account for an estimated 14% of the global burden of disease, yet mental health routinely receives a low funding priority from governments. While evidence indicates there are insufficient numbers of mental health workers in low- and middle-income countries (LMIC) to meet the population needs, there are no rigorous estimates of the size of the mental health workforce shortage and the wage bill that would be required to remove the shortage. This report aims to fill that gap by estimating the number of mental health workers required to treat MNS conditions. The workforce shortage is estimated based on comparing this needed number of mental health workers with the supply. The wage bill required to remove the shortage is based on mental health worker wages. The principal datasets include the 2005 WHO Assessment Instrument for Mental Health Systems (WHO-AIMS) and the 2004 WHO Global Burden of Disease Report. The data were available for 58 LMIC and we extrapolate our results from these countries to all 144 LMIC. The results are for 2005, the latest year with reliable data, as well as for 2015, the target year of the United Nations Millennium Development Goals. For each of the 58 LMIC, we estimated the number of mental health workers needed by applying service delivery models to the prevalence in each country of the following eight priority MNS conditions identified by the WHO Mental Health Gap Action Programme (mhGAP) report: depression; schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders; suicide; epilepsy; dementia; disorders due to the use of alcohol; disorders due to the use of illicit drugs; and mental disorders in children. Second, we subtracted the number of workers needed from the 2005 supply of mental health workers to estimate a shortage (or surplus). We repeated these steps for 2015. Third, we multiplied the shortages by annual wages to estimate the wage bill required to remove the shortages in 2005 and 2015. 1 Dollars are stated in 2009 dollars and are based on the average inflation rate between the year of the data and 2009. In 2005, for the 144 LMIC, we found a shortage of 1.18 million workers, including 55,000 psychiatrists, 628,000 nurses in mental health settings and 493,000 psychosocial care providers. The annual wage bill to remove this shortage would be about US$ 4.4 billion (2009 dollars).1 In 2015, if the supply of mental health workers were to remain unchanged from 2005, and using population projections to update the number of workers that would be needed, the mental health worker shortage would increase from an estimated 1.18 million workers in 2005 to an estimated 1.71 million workers in 2015, representing a 45% increase. The annual wage bill to remove this shortage would be about US$ 6.4 billion (2009 dollars). To meet the treatment needs for MNS disorders, our analysis provides benchmarks for human resources for mental health well into the future. The workforce represents one key component of the mental health system. However, to address the three main shortcomings of mental health care in most LMIC – scarcity, inequity and inefficiency – governments will need to take a comprehensive approach. Such a strategy will require, at the minimum, the allocation of health budgets towards MNS disorders. This is more likely if MNS disorders are destigmatized, there is a well-trained mental health workforce, and concerted efforts are made to increase the productivity of mental health workers.
The principle of loyalty in EU law
Jerry Lindqvist
To live's to fly : the ballad of the late, great Townes Van Zandt
Louisiana music : a journey from R & B to zydeco, jazz to country, blues to gospel, Cajun music to swamp pop to carnival music and beyond
International and development communication : a 21st-century perspective
Agricultural input subsidies : the recent Malawi experience
The health effects of indoor air pollution exposure in developing countries
Freight train
Shake what God gave ya
Feel that fire
Cash : an american man
Leave a mark
Country music : 70 years of America's favorite music
Hank Williams : the biography
After a century of exponential growth, the international oil industry suddenly slowed down in the 1970s, faltered during the 1980s, and by 1991 was just about back to its 1979 level. That break in trend of its dominance in world energy became clear in 'the OPEC decade' from 1973 onwards, gaining a surge of riches for oil-exporting countries. This book, which was originally published in 1993, is a descriptive analysis of influences in the world oil trade. It is concerned with a central unchanged paradox of the industry - its preoccupation with maximising the production of high-cost rather than low-cost oil. It follows the rise and decline of OPEC monopoly power in the crude market, and shows how growth in the international oil business has almost ceased since the late seventies, exploring the reasons behind this slowdown. The author has had twenty-five years of practical experience in petroleum economics.
A comprehensive analysis of the legal effects of EU agreements explored in both comparative perspective and in terms of the ramifications for the legal orders of the member states. The book provides a thorough analysis of the case-law in this increasingly important area of EU law, valuable to academics and practitioners alike.
Lone Star swing : on the trail of Bob Wills and his Texas Playboys
Technical bases for the WHO recommendations on the management of pneumonia in children at first-level health facilities : programme for the control of acute respiratory infections
Making policy in Europe
Industrial policy for national champions
Hag : the studio recordings 1969-1976
A deeper blue : the life and music of Townes Van Zandt
What I've got in mind
Read between the lines ; Call of the wild
Nashville Country Jamboree
This title provides a detailed, comprehensive, and objective analysis of Malawi's agricultural input subsidy programme, its history, implementation, achievements, and shortcomings.
This PhD research explores the dynamics of differential empowerment of civil society organisations throughout the European Union accession process of three different countries: Croatia, Montenegro, and Serbia.
This book comprehensively reviews one of the most salient on-going debates at the heart of the EU today, democratic reform. It provides an evaluation of how democracy might best be defined in the transnational context of the EU and explores the key strategies that have been deployed to enhance the EU's democracy.
Take the back road
The reason why
Law for criminologists : a practical guide
All my memories fit for print
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
Please don't tell me how the story ends : the publishing demos 1968-72
It's a long story : my life
The Least Developed Countries Report 2009 : the state and development governance
Democracy and the European Union : theory, practice and reform
Jesse & Coyotes
Honky tonk angel : the intimate story of Patsy Cline
Jimmie Rodgers : the life and times of America's blue yodeler
Honky tonk attitude ; Third rock from the sun
I keep coming back : RCA country hits 1978-1984
We've got tonight
Behavior change & public health in the developing world
3 pears
They call me Cadillac
European competition law annual 2008 : antitrust settlements under EC competition
Survey design : using internet-based surveys for hard-to-reach populations
San Antonio rose ; Night life
The resurrection of Johnny Cash : hurt, redemption, and American Recordings
In 2007, Judith Murray began her PhD study to examine the political behaviour of Americans who reside abroad, and the impact of liberalised election administration rules on their political participation in elections held in the United States. Until this time, previous studies about the political behaviour of Americans had focused solely on Americans residing within the continental United States. However, the potential political impact of Americans residing overseas came to light during the 2000 Presidential Election controversy when it became apparent that overseas absentee votes cast in the state of Florida had the potential to determine the winner of that election. This case study examines the use of an internet-based survey to collect data from this group of globally dispersed voters.
Return to me : Columbia country hits 1959-1982
50 greatest hits
The Billboard book of Number One Country Hits
Proud to be here
Hammer of the honky-tonk god
Louisiana men : the complete Hickory recordings
Today terrorism has become a world-wide phenomenon which does not stop at the European borders. Following the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Centre and terrorist attacks in Paris, Madrid and London, concerns have arisen in Europe about potential liability exposure for terrorism-related damage. This book tackles the problem of civil liability for damage caused by terrorist acts from several angles. The authors expertly deliver a comprehensive analysis of terrorism-related risk under international and EU law and the national tort law systems of seven representative EU Member States. They also provide a comparison of the situation in Europe to the liability environment in the US. Risk mitigation strategies are considered and critically assessed, as are alternative systems for redressing terrorism-related risks. The book concludes with a reflection on the analysis and presents possible strategies for future regulation by the European lawmakers.
Johnny Cash : he walked the line : 1932 - 2003
Here for a good time
Asylum seekers, sovereignty, and the senses of the international : a politico-corporeal struggle
The roots of Texas music
Nashville Babylon : the uncensored truth and private lives of country music's stars
The music of the Stanley Brothers
Brothers of the 4x4
Same trailer different park
Classic country : legends of country music
Pepper hot baby
Cash : the autobiography
Natural forces
The past few decades have witnessed the economic and geopolitical rise of a number of large middle-income countries around the world. This volume focuses on the labour market situations, trends and regulations in these emerging economies.
Analysing English as a lingua franca : a corpus-driven investigation
Summary and policy implications Vision 2030 : the resilience of water supply and sanitation in the face of climate change
Harmonicas, harps, and heavy breathers : The evolution of the people's instrument
Health economics : identification of needs in health economics in developing countries
Sexual and reproductive health of women living with HIV/AIDS : guidelines on care, treatment and support for women living with HIV/AIDS and their children in resource-constrained settings
Social development : the developmental perspective in social welfare
Arab human development report 2009 : challenges to human security in the Arab countries
Architectural Guide for the City of Linz, including new photographs of all buildings described. Contains also a fold-out city map indicating the projects.
Agriculture, forestry and fishery statistics : 2016 edition
A definitive look at the outlaw country music movement, Outlaw follows the stories of three legendary icons - Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings, and Kris Kristofferson - as they redefined country music in the late '60s and early '70s, set in the rich backdrop of Nashville.
Scaling up household water treatment among low-income populations
Health policy : a critical perspective
Concept albums
Investing in health : a summary of the findings of the Commission on Macroeconomics and Health
Border Lord ; Jesus was a capricorn
The education of nations : how the political organization of the poor, not democracy, led governments to invest in mass education
Garth Brooks
Traditional agricultural exports, external dependency, and domestic price policies : African coffee exports in a comparative perspective
Johnny Cash : the life
Hot Burritos : the true Story of The Flying Burrito Brothers
"In this study, Peter Starke confronts one of the most fiercely contested issues in current political debates: how is the retrenchment of the welfare state possible when popular support for it remains strong throughout the OECD world. Traditionally, challenges to the welfare state were seen as electoral suicide, but this changed in the 1980s when Margaret Thatcher's government began a series of cutbacks in the UK. During the 1990s, the New Zealand government announced the most radical social benefit cutbacks the country had ever seen. Examining these cases in detail, and contrasting them with Sweden and Germany, Starke argues that radical retrenchment is not the result of historical accident or political will but that it is due to a particular constellation of partisan and institutional factors."--BOOK JACKET.
Blanket on the Ground
You get what you give
Aces 'n eights
Civil Liability in Europe for Terrorism-Related Risk
Willie Nelson : an epic life
Coal miner's daughter
Album III ; Attempted mustache ; Unrequited
Who I am
The labour markets of emerging economies : has growth translated into more and better jobs?
Leaderless Europe
Executive summary.
John Clare and Community
Totally country. 2
Postcolonial masculinities : emotions, histories and ethics
Coal miner's daughter : a tribute to Loretta Lynn
Human resources for mental health : workforce shortages in low- and middle-income countries
Garth Brooks : Platinum Cowboy
Country
E-Commerce in Developing Countries- Issues and Challenges. Consumer Attitude in the Nigerian Market
Stop, look and listen
Strengthening urban health services
The Hank Williams reader
Guidance on minimum approaches for improvements to existing municipal waste dumpsites
The early years
The essential
Music Master Country Music Catalogue
Manual on paediatric HIV care and treatment for district hospitals : addendum to the Pocket book of hospital care of children
Roy Orbison sings Don Gibson ; Hank Williams the Roy Orbison way
George Jones : the life and times of a honky tonk legend
The giant guitar chord songbook : the unplugged collection
Texas Tornado : the times & music of Doug Sahm
Tougher than leather
Swimming ability and drowning prevention - Do they have something in common?  : A Nordic case study
That's the way love goes ; It's all in the game
John Clare (1793–1864) is one of the most sensitive poetic observers of the natural world. Born into a rural labouring family, he felt connected to two communities: his native village and the Romantic and earlier poets who inspired him. The first part of this study of Clare and community shows how Clare absorbed and responded to his reading of a selection of poets including Chatterton, Bloomfield, Gray and Keats, revealing just how serious the process of self-education was to his development. The second part shows how he combined this reading with the oral folk-culture he was steeped in, to create an unrivalled poetic record of a rural culture during the period of enclosure, and the painful transition to the modern world. In his lifelong engagement with rural and literary life, Clare understood the limitations as well as the strengths in communities, the pleasures as well as the horrors of isolation.
Spooky lady's sideshow ; Shake hands with the devil
Learn to live
Bluegrass bluesman : a memoir
The definitive collection
To you and yours
The principle of loyalty requires the EU and its Member States to co-operate sincerely towards the implementation of EU law. Under the principle, the European courts have developed significant public law duties on States to deepen the reach of EU law. This text presents a full-length analysis of the loyalty principle and its legal implications.
Focuses on employment and the working environment in the sector of vocational education and training (VET), and considers the larger lifelong learning framework to which public and private VET contributed.
The million dollar quartet : Jerry Lee, Carl, Elvis & Johnny
The complete U.S. country music encyclopedia
Going down to the river
Tracing processes of empowerment : civil society in European Union accession
Bluegrass odyssey : a documentary in pictures and words, 1966-86
Outlaw : Waylon, Willie, Kris, and the renegades of Nashville
The man called Cash : the life, love and faith of an american legend
The Global Report for Research on Infectious Diseases of Poverty
Country music originals : the legends & the lost
The long way home
Best of Chris Cagle
The cold hard truth
Water, sanitation and hygiene standards for schools in low-cost settings
The Secret Sisters
The essential Waylon Jennings
'Mobile love videos make me feel healthy': rethinking ICTs for development
The way that I am
Summary.
The illustrated history of country music
Partnerships in development : progress in the fight against poverty
Come cry with me
Johnny Cash : walking on fire
Still in love with you : the story of Hank and Audrey Williams
The ultimate collection : Complete MCA singles 1990-2000
Texas music
Yankee twang : country and western music in New England
Old things new
Daytime friends ; Love or something like it
Country : a novel
From unsustainable to inclusive cities
Mojo 1000 : the ultimate CD buyers guide to rock, pop, soul, jazz, soundtracks & more
The vertigo of late modernity
Environmental health aspects of industrial and housing estates
Agricultural trade policy in developing countries during take-off
She won't be lonely long
The political economy of stabilisation funds : measuring their success in resource-dependent countries
Local partnerships for rural development : the European experience
Taking action : achieving gender equality and empowering women
Guitar masters : intimate portraits
Tourism and development in the Third World
The last cowboy in Texas
Constructing a policy-making state? : policy dynamics in the EU
Oil Trade : Politics and Prospects
Communication for development and social change
My life : it's a long story
Bluegrass : a history
Too many workers leave the labour market permanently due to health problems or disability, and too few people with reduced work capacity manage to remain in employment. This is a social and economic tragedy common to virtually all OECD countries. It also raises an apparent paradox that needs explaining: Why is it that the average health status is improving, yet large numbers of people of working age are leaving the workforce to rely on long-term sickness and disability benefits? This report, the last in the OECD series Sickness, Disability and Work: Breaking the Barriers, synthesises the project's findings and explores the possible factors behind the paradox described above. It highlights the roles of institutions and policies and concludes that higher expectations and better incentives for the main actors - workers, employers, doctors, public agencies and service providers - are crucial. Based on a review of good and bad practices across OECD countries, this report suggests a series of major reforms are needed to promote employment of people with health problems. The report examines a number of critical policy choices between: tightening inflows and raising outflows from disability benefit, and promoting job retention and new hiring of people with health problems. It questions the need for distinguishing unemployment and disability as two distinct contingencies, emphasises the need for a better evidence base, and underlines the challenges for policy implementation.
Counting the poor : new thinking about European poverty measures and lessons for the United States
Lovesick blues : the life of Hank Williams
In the other words : artists talk about life and work
Immunization and health reform : making reforms work for immunization : a reference guide
Risk and opportunity : managing risk for development
Promoting mental health : concepts, emerging evidence, practice : a report of the World Health Organization, Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse in collaboration with the Victorian Health Promotion Foundation and the University of Melbourne
Hemingway's whiskey
Hank Williams : snapshots from the lost highway
Architecture in Linz 1900–2011
Turn left for Murmansk: ‘Fourth World’ transculturalism and its cultural ecological framing
Law of the European Union
Compound democracies : why the United States and Europe are becoming similar
Rare singles from the rock 'n' roll era
It's just me : 25 number one country hits 1966-1981
Antenatal care and maternal health : how effective is it? a review of the evidence
Country music : the complete visual history
Taylor Swift : everything has changed
Rebel within
Heaven and hell : my life in the Eagles (1974-2001)
Loretta Lynn : coal miner's daughter
Helping to create an entrepreneurial culture : a guide on good practices in promoting entrepreneurial attitudes and skills through education
Composed : a memoir
Open for business : entrepreneurs, clean energy and sustainable development
Dylan, Cash and The Nashville Cats : a new Music City
Cut to impress
The social development approach seeks to integrate economic and social policies within a dynamic development process in order to achieve social welfare objectives. This comprehensive textbook demonstrates that social development offers critically significant insights for the developed as well as the developing world.
Providing a critical assessment of developments in health and health-care policy, this book is primarily focused on the UK covering issues such as the policy-making process, the development of the National Health Service, health-care governance and health promotion.
Greatest hits
Focusing on universal public health issues, this book introduces students and practitioners to behaviour change theories and applications. It details experiences of successful programmes for the prevention and control of the world's biggest killers and explores health communication and social marketing strategies, learning theory, media advocacy and community development.
Mississippi ; Free & easy
Global Dialogue Forum on Vocational Education and Training (Geneva, 29 - 30 September 2010) : final report
The very best of George Strait 1981 - 1987
Johnny Cash
Radical welfare state retrenchment : a comparative analysis
A WHO plan for burn prevention and care
Marvelous toy
The legal effects of EU agreements
This text will enthuse the student and teacher about the law whilst giving sound advice on how to achieve a thorough comprehension of the topic. It provides readers with a strong understanding of topics such as the workings of the English Scottish and European Unions and legal frameworks, and punishment and sentencing.
Exploring the rich range of meanings that Shakespeare finds in the natural world, this book fuses ecocritical approaches to Renaissance literature with recent thinking about the significance of religion in Shakespeare's plays. MacFaul offers a clear introduction to some of the key problems in Renaissance natural philosophy and their relationship to Reformation theology, with individual chapters focusing on the role of animals in Shakespeare's universe, the representation of rural life, and the way in which humans' consumption of natural materials transforms their destinies. These discussions enable powerful new readings of Shakespeare's plays, including A Midsummer Night's Dream, As You Like It, King Lear, Macbeth, The Tempest, The Winter's Tale, and the history plays. Proposing that Shakespeare's representation of the relationship between man and nature anticipated that of the Romantics, this volume will interest scholars of Shakespeare studies, Renaissance drama and literature, and ecocritical studies of Shakespeare.
Diarrhoeal diseases in low- and middle-income countries : trends, management and control
I'm Jessi Colter ; Jessi ; Diamond in the rough
The encyclopedia of country music : the ultimate guide to the music
Three chords and the truth : hope, heartbreak, and changing fortunes in Nashville
Zydeco shoes
The EU Kids Online II project built on the previous project's literature review and development of methods to generate detailed cross-national evidence about children's use, risks and harms online. The project aimed to provide comparable survey data that permit the joint elaboration of social policies for Internet use and protection for young people. It conducted in-home, face-to-face personal interviews with 9- to 16-year-olds and, separately, with one of their parents of each child interviewed, across 25 countries in Europe.
Engaging with some of the most pressing issues facing society today, Jock Young explores the insecurities of status and of economic position. He explains how modern society attempts to explain deviant behaviour - whether it be crime, terrorism or riots - in terms of motivations and desires which are separate and distinct from the 'normal'.
Tears of fire : the first lady of country music
Easy does it
Lee, myself & I : inside the very special world of Lee Hazlewood
Ralph Peer and the making of popular music
The insider's country music handbook
Economical Development Of Bangladesh - Problems & Solutions
EU kids online II : a large-scale quantitative approach to the study of European children's use of the internet and online risks and safety
Care of the newborn in Uganda : studies of the use of simple affordable effective interventions
Ethical choices in long-term care : what does justice require?
Sickness, disability and work : breaking the barriers : a synthesis of findings across OECD coutnries
Storms of life
Detecting pre-eclampsia : a practical guide, using and maintaining blood pressure equipment
Let the angels do the dreaming
Buck 'em : the autobiography of Buck Owens
Roll me up and smoke me when I die : musings from the road
Public service review. European Union
Waking up in Nashville
American popular music : country
Are You Ready For The Country : Elvis, Dylan, Parsons and the roots of country rock
Have I told you lately that I love you
Intervening with perpetrators of intimate partner violence : a global perspective
Bourgeoisie, state, and democracy : Russia, Britain, France, Germany, and the USA
Management of the child with serious infection or severe malnutrition : guidelines for care at the first-referral level in developing countries
Learn to play harmonica : over 100 illustrated chords for blues, rock, country and soul : [an illustrated beginner's guide to the blues harmonica]
Women's groups, NGOs and safe motherhood
Vision 2030 : the resilience of water supply and sanitation in the face of climate change : technical report
Music Master Country music catalogue
Lonesome, on'ry and mean
Sing me back home ; The Legend of Bonnie & Clyde
Privatization : A View at Developing Countries
Land degradation in the developing world : implications for food, agriculture, and the environment to 2020
House of Cash : The Legacies of my Father, Johnny
Anthropology, the cold war and the myth of peasant conservatism
Jan Servaes underlines that development communication is, first and foremost, about people and the process needed to facilitate their sharing of knowledge and perceptions in order to effect positive developmental change.
Challenging the state : devolution and the battle for partisan credibility : a comparison of Belgium, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom
Pocket book of hospital care for children : guidelines for the management of common illnesses with limited resources
Highlighting the question of who has power and how they wield it, Mody (Michigan State U.) presents 15 papers that together are intended as a broad introduction to the twin fields of international and development communications research.
Garth Brooks : the illustrated story
Da Capo best music writing. 2003 : the year's finest writing on rock, pop, jazz, country & more
All time top 1000 albums
Bob Dylan : Watching the river flow : observations on his art-in-progress 1966-1995
Will Oldham on Bonnie "Prince" Billy
The legend lives on
The New illustrated Encyclopedia of Country Music
Da Capo best music writing. 2004 : the year's finest writing on rock, hip-hop, jazz, pop, country, and more
The anthology
Everything you love will be taken away..
Breaking into new markets : emerging lessons for export diversification
Expert advocacy for the marginalised : how and why democratic mediation matters to deepening democracy in the global south
Bluegrass guitar : know the players, play the music
From this moment on
Walking the line : country music lyricists and American culture
Da Capo best music writing. 2001 : the year's finest writing on rock, pop, jazz, country & more
The politics of the new welfare state
Anchored in love : an intimate portrait of June Carter Cash
Nashville songwriter : the inside stories behind country music's greatest hits
Shakespeare and the Natural World
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
Cognitive changes in reader-evoked frames : culture-specific references in Edna O'Brien's The Country Girls and its Finnish translation
Original album classics
The Lone Bellow
New chapters in this second edition of 'Making Policy in Europe' examine monetary union and the wider implications of future European Union enlargement.
All over the road
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Volume II, Contracts in general
Americana
