http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3064 popular music
popular music
And then I wrote : the songwriter speaks
Easy listening for iron youth : the best of Non
Olive - round and bold
You have a ukulele, you know just enough to be dangerous, and now you're ready to do something with it. You're in luck: Ukulele Exercises For Dummies helps you become a better player. This lay-flat, practice-based book focuses on the skills that entry-level players often find challenging and provides tips, tricks and plenty of cool exercises that will have you creating music in no time that include: • Creating rock-steady strumming patterns and rhythms ;  Becoming a better fingerpicker with patterns, arpeggio exercises, and solo fingerpicking pieces ; • Expanding your fretboard knowledge and crafting your own rock, blues and jazz riffs and solos ; Playing actual songs on the ukulele - everything from the classic ukulele tunes to the 12 bar blues! ; Downloadable audio files of the exercises found in the book, providing you with a self-contained practice package.
Nuclear power
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Louisiana music : a journey from R & B to zydeco, jazz to country, blues to gospel, Cajun music to swamp pop to carnival music and beyond
Retro Rock : Part A : Style Guide, The Alternative styles that made rock history
We are the winners
Hula Groove69
Welcome to our breakfast
House of Blues : a backstage pass to the artists, music & legends
Cowboys and indies : the epic history of the record industry
Mary's spring
Jointed (Jay Ray)
Teach yourself visually guitar
Guitar songs & styles for dummies
50 things you should know about music
Notice To Quit (The Lion never sleeps) : A Portrait of South Africa
The city is ablaze! : the story of a post-punk popzine, 1984-1994
It?s Easy To Play Bon Jovi
Freak show
CREATIVE KEYBOARD : SONGBOOK 2.
Creative keyboard : for all keyboards. Songbook 1
The scarlet queen
The ultimate guide to music
Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the House of Blues is an institution in music history. Since opening its doors in 1992 in a converted historical house in Cambridge, Massachusetts, it has been home to live music, original folk art, and delta-inspired cuisine. Today, House of Blues boasts thirteen unique venues across the country, with its headquarters in Los Angeles, California. Countless famous musicians have performed on those stages, from the Blues Brothers, Bootsy Collins, Al Green, and Eric Clapton, to Lenny Kravitz, 50 Cent, and Snoop Dogg. Concertgoers, music fans, and pop culture junkies alike will dig this illustrated account of the story behind the music. Chapters explore the venues, musicians, performances, and food, providing readers with a backstage pass to everything House of Blues. Personal interviews with company founders and famous musicians tell the story, revealing behind the scenes details and outrageous party anecdotes. Vivid photography showcases iconic performers on stage as well as in private moments in dressing rooms. Tucked among the pages are concert memorabilia, including special reproductions of tickets, posters, etc.
"Since John Lennon composed Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds in early 1967, fans and music critics alike have argued over the meaning of the song. Is it about drugs? Is it just a lyrical response to a drawing given Lennon by his 4-year-old son Julian? Is there some deeper meaning? Professor Tim Kasser goes beyond speculative explanations by applying innovative psychological methods to the song's lyrics and music. He deeply analyzes the song's linguistic structure, its basic theme, and the way its words and music had been used by Lennon in earlier songs. As the findings accumulate, Kasser weaves them together with the facts of Lennon's life and established psychological theories to provide an integrative (and sometimes surprising) perspective on the psychological processes that led Lennon to write Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds. Kasser goes on to follow the unfolding of these personal dynamics in later Lennon songs like I am the Walrus, Yer Blues, and Working Class Hero."--Book jacket.
Arctic paradise : contemporary folk music from Finland 2012
The Tractatus Suite
Classic pop : Helsinki
Immerse yourself in sounds, techniques, and a whole lot of fun with this enhanced ebook. Part instruction, part video and audio play-a-long, Guitar Songs & Styles For Dummies is the perfect mix of instruction - whether you are a beginner or experienced guitar player. Watch correct hand position, posture, and playing techniques with detailed videos. Get the instruction you need to rock every type of Rock, including Classic Rock 'n' Roll, Modern Rock, and Country-Rock. Discover the Blues when you explore rhythm and lead techniques, signature riffs, and progressions. Then play along with popular Blues songs,including Chicago Shuffle and Mississippi Mud. Get familiar with Folk style, by learning fingerstyle techniques, playing Arpeggio style, trying thumb-brush and carter style, and taking on Travis picking. Have some fun with Folk when you play along with House of the Rising Sun, Gospel Ship, and Freight Train tunes. Go classical with instruction on proper seating and hand positions,ways to combine arpeggios and melody, and details to play free and rest strokes.
Huey Morgan's rebel heroes : the renegades of music & why we still need them
A thousand nights and a night. 2 : Shadow nights
Digital Music Distribution Channels for Independent Bands
Giant combo-fake book : 126 full-sounding dance arrangements: C book
Soak, crack and circulate (details are vulgar)
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
Koneisto : Elektronisen musiikin festivaali. 27.-28.7.2001. Turku, Suomi = Festival for electronic music. July 27th-28th, 2001. Turku, Finland
The Voices of Azania from Cape Town: Rastafarian Reggae Music's claim to Autochthonous African belonging
The magic strings of Frankie Presto
Teen spirits : music and identity in media education
Sounds like London : 100 years of black music in the capital
Letherette
Nobody knows how and why
I am the last of all the field that fell
Crankshaft
Burnt Weeny Sandwich
How to... write your first song
A thousand nights and a night. 1 : Red night
The blues magazine : Helsinki
Leftover love : extended edition
Signed, sealed, and delivered : the soulful journey of Stevie Wonder
The eight pillar : a confession of faith
Countercultures and popular music
"Venceremos" : Víctor Jara and the new Chilean song movement
Great pop cover songs and their original artists
The concept of form and its change in the music of the Beatles
The history of rock
The Book of Orange : Building the brand Orange : voice of the world
New musical express : Espoo
Lyrics : writing better words for your songs
Emergence of the Korean popular culture in the world
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2006.. Nro 1-2 : Vol. 9
The story of music : from antiquity to the present
Waiting for the sun : a rock 'n' roll history of Los Angeles
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Mystica mysteria III
Keeping time : the photographs of Don Hunstein : the unseen archive of Columbia Records
You can sing : essential guide for aspiring pop stars
Hollow man : Nevernestled mix
Electric shock : from the gramophone to the iPhone : 125 years of pop music
George Jones : the life and times of a honky tonk legend
”The lie becomes the truth”: Constructions of authenticity in Rolling Stone's cover stories of Lady Gaga
Beatformers D & B.
Audiovisual poetry or commercial salad of images? : perspectives on music video analysis
Bird Show
Neural : hacktivism, e-music, new media art
Mortality and music
Cabin Fever
PROMOTIONS IN MUSIC MARKETING : A RESEARCH ON AMERICAN POPULAR MUSIC FOR THE CHINESE MARKET
Mediating music through humour : the birth of Pensselisetä
A rocket in my pocket : the hipster's guide to rockabilly
The best of Vangelis
Intro to polyrhythms : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 1
New musical express : Vantaa
A century of pop
The Very Best of Santana
“I was a soldier in Kosovo”: Discourses of war in James Blunt's early musical career
The tango machine : musical culture in the age of expediency
Songwriting success : how to write songs for fun and (maybe) profit : an introduction to the art and business of songwriting by one struggling singer-songwriter for the aid and comfort of other strugglers
How to DJ (properly) : the art and science of playing records
1001 albums you must hear before you die
In the Wake of Eden
Informal in Formal : the Relationship of Informal and Formal Learning in Popular and Jazz Music Master Workshops in Conservatoires
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2009.. Nro 2 : Vol. 12
Sleep has his house
Beyond the Mind's Eye : a computer animation odyssey
The all time greatest synthesizer hits now & forever. Vol. 1: 2001 versions
New musical express : Helsinki
The millennium bell
THE PERFORMER'S COMPLETE FAKE BOOK
New history warfare. Vol. 2 : Judges
Leading Motive
The daily ukulele to go! : a Jumpin' Jim's ukulele songbook : 365 songs for better living
Musicweb encyclopaedia of popular music
Singing for dummies
Ghosts of my life : writings on depression, hauntology and lost futures
The tapestry of delights : the ultimate guide to UK rock & pop of the beat, R&B, psychedelic and progressive eras 1963-1976. [Vol. 2: L-Z]
Introduction to the guitar toolbox. Part 1
Dragon Rose
Eurovision Song Contest Helsinki 2007 : official program
Jazz research and the moments of change
Boy of Satanus
100+ solos for flute
The diet
Discogs : building the definitive database of electronic music..
Aisth
Made in Korea : studies in popular music
Understanding popular music
1000 songwriting ideas
The long march of pop : art, music, and design 1930-1995
Elvis Costello, Joni Mitchell, and the torch song tradition
The Faber companion to 20th-century popular music
News from nowhere
Electronic and experimental music : technology, music and culture
'Counterculture' emerged as a term in the late 1960s and has been re-deployed in more recent decades in relation to other forms of cultural and socio-political phenomena. This volume provides an essential new academic scrutiny of the concept of 'counterculture' and a critical examination of the period and its heritage. Recent developments in sociological theory complicate and problematize theories developed in the 1960s, with digital technology, for example, providing an impetus for new understandings of counterculture. Music played a significant part in the way that the counterculture authored space in relation to articulations of community by providing a shared sense of collective identity. Not least, the heady mixture of genres provided a socio-cultural-political backdrop for distinctive musical practices and innovations which, in relation to counterculture ideology, provided a rich experiential setting in which different groups defined their relationship both to the local and international dimensions of the movement, so providing a sense of locality, community and collective identity.
Blowin' in the wind
Towards pop chord space : harmonic hierarchy in popular music
And the ghosts that followed. The other side
Freedom of noise
Cocktails carnage crucifixion and pornography
Immune to jewels
What is popular music? And what isn't? : an assessment, after 30 years of popular music studies
Wake up you! : the rise and fall of Nigerian rock, 1972-1977. Vol. 1
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Guitar player : e-lehti
Writing better lyrics : the essential guide to powerful songwriting
30 mins of big beat
Volven : Urd - that which was
Vinyl me, please : 100 albums you need on vinyl and why
Might!
The evidence of death and dying has been removed from the everyday lives of most Westerners. Yet we constantly live with the awareness of our vulnerability as mortals. Drawing on a range of genres, bands and artists, Mortality and Music examines the ways in which popular music has responded to our awareness of the inevitability of death and the anxiety it can evoke. Exploring bereavement, depression, suicide, violence, gore, and fans' responses to the deaths of musicians, it argues for the social and cultural significance of popular music's treatment of mortality and the apparent absurdity of existence.
Automatic writing
Peter Gabriel : from Genesis to growing up
Breaking records : 100 years of hits
AK-In her eyes
AmTronic
Island Row
Nu Scientific approach : SCAM Parties vol. 1, Helsinki 14.3.1998
The only pirate at the party
Race music : black cultures from bebop to hip-hop
Beautiful : soprano/alto/tenor/bass with piano accompaniment & guitar chords
Music videos in the periphery?
1963, the year of the revolution : how youth changed the world with music, art and fashion
1 inch: 1/2 mile
Beginning songwriting : writing your own lyrics, melodies and chords
Ukulele in a day for dummies
Koneisto 2002 : festival for electronic music and arts. July 26th-28th, 2002. Helsinki, Finland
The tapestry of delights : the ultimate guide to UK rock & pop of the beat, R&B, psychedelic and progressive eras 1963-1976. [Vol. 1: A-K]
Laguz - within the lake
Love goes to buildings on fire : five years in New York that changed music for ever
Lucy in the mind of Lennon
A tribute to the king
The Guinness encyclopedia of popular music. Volume 1 : AACM to Fargo, Donna
Vocal workouts for the contemporary singer : vocal technique/performance
Rat hearts
International who's who in popular music 2002
Super Trouper
Theory into practice!
The present article will examine informal learning in popular and jazz music education in Finland  and evaluate it as a part of formal upper secondary vocational musicians' training, which is typically  teacher directed. It is not necessarily the best model of working in popular and jazz music learning,  which has traditionally benefitted from learning in informal playing situations. This article examines  workshops which were implemented as joint efforts with professional musicians. The adoption of  this model is proposed for realizing informal learning in the field. This kind of approach is quite  new in music education, and the research on the theme is still scarce. The findings of present  research show that in workshops there appears multi-level learning which develops musicianship.  Music schools and institutions should recognize the potential of informal learning, and the teachers  should develop learning environments which can benefit from it. The choice of music to be played,  learning from playing experiences, and the evaluation of learning outcomes are to a great extent  within students' responsibilities. Carrying them out requires responsible and initiative action,  problem-solving skills, communication skills, and readiness to reflect experiences.
A simplified guide to writing & arranging songs for swing & show choirs & small instrumental groups
Ukulele exercises for dummies
The soft wave
Gainsbourg : the biography
Brain in the Wire
And the ghosts that followed. The remixes
Brainwave station
Trst
Günther Lemon
Jesse Johan
Popular music and Manchester : representation, materiality and branding
The dreamtime
The whitey album
Three lies and a ding-a-ling five
All woman. Volume three
Foreign issues : the national and international in 1960s finnish popular music discourse
The complete entertainment discography : From the mid-1890s to 1942
I saw it in her eyes
Koneisto 2003 : festival for electronic music and arts. July 25th-27th, 2003. Helsinki, Finland
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
Arty adverts, puffy pictures? : Finnish music videos in cinema
