http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3067 industrial property
industrial property
Unfair competition law : the protection of intellectual and industrial creativity
Innovation and the intellectual property system
WIPO intellectual property handbook : policy, law and use
Piracy and counterfeiting of industrial property and copyright : papers given at the inaugural Conference of The Common law institute of intellectual property ltd in London on 28th and 29th January 1983
Cross-border enforcement of patent rights : an analysis of the interface between intellectual property and private international law
Principles of patent law : cases and materials
Design protection
Turning science into business : patenting and licensing at public research organisations
The European Patent Convention : a commentary. Volume 2, Procedural Patent Law - Article 90 to Article 178
Exclusion and coordination of fragmentation : five essays toward a pluralistic theory of patent right
Globalizing intellectual property rights : the TRIPs agreement
Comparative gastronomy: legal and cultural framework
European patent materials and index
AIPPI yearbook
Intellectual property law review 1981, including the John Marshall Conference on Intellectual Property 1981
Research and invention in outer space : liability and intellectual property rights
Profit from innovation : A comparison of Japanese and Swedish intellectual property management
Trade relations and intellectual property rights in the Baltic sea region : a collection of contributions by participants in the seminar on Trade relations and Intellectual Property Rights in the Baltic sea region in Stockholm, Sweden, on 22-23 May 2000.
Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property of March 20, 1883, as revised at Brussels on December 14, 1900, at Washington on June 2, 1911, at The Hague on November 6, 1925, at London on June 2, 1934, at Lisbon on October 31, 1958, and at Stockholm on July 14, 1967.
AIPPI Tallinn 1997 second baltic IPR confrence "news on trade marks"
Patent strategy for researchers and research managers
The new role of intellectual property in commercial transactions : recent trends in the valuation, exploitation and protection of intellectual property
Globalization and the concept of intellectual property
Der komplexe Langzeitvertrag : Strukturen und Internationale Schiedsgerichtsbarkeit = The complex long-term contract : structures and international arbitration
Intellectual property rights : EC legislation
Law in transition
Intellectual property rights in plant varieties : international legal regimes and policy options for national governments
Intellectual popery law in Finland
Industrial property rights as a competitive tool for small and medium-sized enterprises : the Finnish experience
Transatlantic regulatory cooperation : legal problems and political prospects
Intellectual property and the internal market of the European Community
European and international patent applications : questions and answers
Intellectual property : patents, copyrights, trade marks and allied rights
Danish business law
Industrial property rights : patents, trade marks and copyright
Unfair trade practices and intellectual property
The politics of piracy : intellectual property in contemporary China
Software licensing
Guide to the application of the Paris convention for the protection of industrial property : as revised in Stockholm in 1967
Trademark world
Sweet & Maxwell's E.C. intellectual property materials
Free and open source software licensing : and the mystery of licensor's patents
Industrial property law in the Common Market. Vol. 5, Patent and know-how cases 1977-1987
Law applicable to contracts on intellectual and industrial property rights in the absence of choice : comparing EU and Japanese law
New technologies, global markets and territoriality of laws : a challenge for intellectual property
Intellectual property protection of advanced technology : changes in the global technology system: implications and options for developing countries
Drafting patent license agreements
Introduction to digital rights management (DRM) : identifying, tracking, authorizing and restricting access to digital media
EC competition law handbook : 2006/2007 edition
Sources of international uniform law = Sources du droit uniforme international = Quellen des internationalen Einheitsrechts. Vol. 3-A, First supplement, Law of copyright, competition, and industrial property = Droit de la propriété intellectuelle et de la Concurrence = Immateriagüter- und Wettbewerbsrecht
Franchising : practice and precedents in business format franchising
Industrial property law in the Common Market. Vol. 2, Trade mark cases 1973-1977
AIPPI 1977 symposium on employees inventions at the Hotel Kalastajatorppa in Helsinki, September 15-17, 1977
Design protection in practice : a comparative analysis
The regulation of nuclear trade : non-proliferation, supply, safety. Vol. 2, National regulations
Intellectual property law in Denmark
Aspects to copyright law and the reproduction right
Introduction to intellectual property law
Design law : European union and United States of America
Executive summary (s. 9-14).
Industrial property law in the Common Market. Vol. 4, Trade mark cases 1977-1987
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Private international law : chapter 22, industrial and intellectual property : chapter 23, trusts
The EEC and intellectual property
Industrial air pollution handbook
The legal framework of TRIPS compulsory licence system reflected on access to medicines
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
The legal, ethical, and international environment of business
Creative ideas for intellectual property : the ATRIP papers 2000-2001 = des idées innovatrices pour la propriété intellectuelle : rapports ATRIP 2000-2001
ʺThe average expertʺ : AIPPI Symposium, Helsinki, Finland, September 16-18, 1981 : symposium lectures I.
Patent law and policy : cases and materials
Monopolising names? : the protection of geographical indications in the European Community
Internet and the law : legal fundamentals for the Internet user
Copyright in industrial designs
Guide on the industrial property activities of enterprises in developing countries : revised and expanded version
Digital rights management: business and technology
The use and abuse of intellectual property rights in E.C. law : including a case study of the E.C. spare parts debate
Intellectual property laws of Europe
Litwak's multimedia producer's handbook : a legal and distribution guide
The law of information technology in Europe 1992 : a comparison with the USA
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
Invisible gold in Asia : creating wealth through intellectual property
The prehistory and development of intellectual property systems
Intellectual property, technology transfer and genetic resources : an OECD survey of current practices and policies
Trade based approaches to the protection of intellectual property
International intellectual property law : new developments
Executive summary (s. 7-9).
Patents, innovation and economic performance
Forms and agreements on intellectual property and international licensing
U.K. taxation and intellectual property
Industrial property in the bio-medical age : challenges for Asia
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 14, Copyright and industrial property : Chapter 6 : Inventorsćertificates, rationalization proposals and discoveries
Protecting company's freedom of operation with its intellectual property assets
Copyright contracts
On intellectual property and justice
Fundamentals of United States intellectual property law : copyright, patent and trademark
Interfaces on trial : intellectual property and interoperability in the global software industry
Licensing guide for developing countries : a guide on the legal aspects of the negotiation and preparation of industrial property licenses and technology transfer agreements appropriate to the needs of developing countries
The E.C. directive on rental and lending rights and on piracy
Global dimensions of intellectual property rights in science and technology
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 14, Copyright and industrial property : Chapter 1, General questions - the international conventions
Yearbook
A concise guide to European patents : law and practice
AIPPI 1984 symposium on the topic strategy and tactics in patent litigation on september 12-14, 1984 at hotel Kalastajatorppa Helsinki, Finland
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
Trademarks : legal and business aspects
Intellectual property
Protecting immaterial property in East-West trade
Standards of patentability for European inventions : should an inventive step advance the art?
Intellectual property law in China
AIPPI Tallinn 1997 : "News on trade marks"
Report of the International Symposium "Science and Technology Legislation for Europe in Transition : the Role of Governments and Parliaments" : May 17-19, 1993, Certosa di Pontignano, Siena, Italy
German industrial property, copyright and antitrust laws : legal texts with introduction
Public health innovation and intellectual property rights
Edison in the boardroom : how leading companies realize value from their intellectual assets
Intellectual property in the new technological age
Protection of trade marks for intergovernmental organizations pursuant to Article 6ter of the Paris convention for the protection of industrial property
Patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets : what automation professionals, manufacturers, and business owners need to know
Transfer of technology
Intellectual property in industry
International IP infringements and alternative dispute resolution
Contemporary issues in law, medicine and ethics
Protection of intellectual property in Central and Eastern European countries : the legal situation in Bulgaria, CSFR, Hungary, Poland and Romania
Information law and practice
Licensing rights in technology : a legal guide for managers in negotiations
Business method patents : 2004 cumulative supplement
Sources of international uniform law = Sources du droit uniforme international = Quellen des internationalen Einheitsrechts. Vol. 3, Law of copyright, competition, and industrial property = Droit de la propriété intellectuelle et de la Concurrence = Immateriagüter- und Wettbewerbsrecht
Beyond a self-sufficient concept of IP law
International licensing agreements
Aspects of translation of European patent applications from English into Finnish
Creativity, law and entrepreneurship
The protection of know-how in 13 countries : reports to the 8. International Congress of Comparative Law, Pescara, 1970
Perspectives on plagiarism and intellectual property in a postmodern world
Patents, trademarks, and related rights : national and international protection. Volume 1-3
Industrial property law in the Common Market. Vol. 1, Industrial property cases from Common Market Law Reports
Sounds as trade marks - conditions and scope of protection
Property law. Volume 2
Business method patents
Blackstone's EC legislation
The European Patent Convention : a commentary
Biotech patents : equivalence and exclusions under European and U.S. patent law
Strategic issues of industrial property management in a globalizing economy : abstracts & selected papers
Questions of overlap in the sphere of trade marks, designs and copyright under Finnish law
The international protection of industrial designs
First, true and joint inventors
Compilation of legal material dealing with transfer and development of technology
A guidebook to intellectual property : patents, trade marks, copyright and designs
