http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3065 world music
world music
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. Senegal
Sound of Soweto
Worldwide : Ten years of Womad
Reels to ragas
New perspectives on improvisation
Multicultural perspectives in music education. Volume 2
World music : a global journey
Local music, not from here : the discourse of world music examined through three Zimbabwean case studies: The Bhundu Boys, Virginia Mukwesha and Sunduza
Night to night
Fela : this bitch of a life
World music guide 1998.
Book of souls : folio A
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. Turkey
Meanwhile
The essential guide to world music
Encore encore! : the best of BeauSoleil
A night in Abyssinia
Texas Bohemia revisited
Open & close; Afrodisiac
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. Ethiopia
Lion songs : Thomas Mapfumo and the music that made Zimbabwe
Music in cultural context : eight views on world music education
Arctic paradise : contemporary folk music from Finland 2012
Teaching music in secondary schools : a reader
The seven sins of chalga : toward an anthropology of ethnopop music
A guide to world music produced in France
The mystic jam
Afrobeat! : Fela and the imagined continent
Music and capitalism : a history of the present
Prism : the human family songbook
Rokku mi rokka = Give and take
Fangnawa experience
Nigeria freedom sounds! : popular music and the birth of independent Nigeria 1960-63
The ultimate guide to music
The global and the local in Max Cavalera's music projects /.
Mother-land dearest
Soundscapes : exploring music in a changing world
There shall be love!
Extraordinary rendition
The enjoyment of music : an introduction to perceptive listening
The rough guide to voodoo
Soukous trouble
Shaped by the sea
Lagos chop up: fuji & afrobeat, highlife & juju
Traces of you
Indigenous popular music in North America : continuations and innovations
Focus : music of South Africa
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. Brazil
The world music CD listener's guide
World : 100 essential CDs : the Rough Guide
Fairport Convention
New throned king
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
Expensive shit ; He miss road
World beat : a listener's guide to contemporary world music on CD
Moana : deluxe edition soundtrack
The Garland encyclopedia of world music. Volume 2, South America, Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean
Music of Latin America and the Caribbean
Celebration
Alms for Shanti
The Oxford history of western music
Multicultural perspectives in music education. Volume 3
The rough guide to world music. Europe and Asia
Berber culture on the world stage : from village to video
The best of Mr Bongo
The road is long : live at Savoy Theatre
Contains over seventy entries, arranged alphabetically by country or ethnic group, that provide information on the history, social background, political and cultural identity,and prominent figures of music styles from Europe, Asia, and the Pacific.
Music, food and love : a  memoir
Fire, sweat & pastis
Music detected
Africa : never stand still
Black Coffee
Far out jazz and afro funk: the definitive Brazilian & heavy afro funk collection
Live in Tasmania
Sounds like London : 100 years of black music in the capital
Nordic higher music education : the member institutions of the Nordic Council of Conservatories
Dance of life : popular music and politics in Southeast Asia
Music is the weapon of the future
Music of many colours
Euromed Music Festival : the renderzvous : documentary film : 8-10 June 2010.
Mojo 1000 : the ultimate CD buyers guide to rock, pop, soul, jazz, soundtracks & more
Thinking musically : experiencing music, expressing culture
Deep roots & future grooves : a global music mix
Reunited
Coming from going to
The rough guide to ultimate musical adventures
Before Africa
Fight to win
The illustrated encyclopedia of music
Werewolf songs : Music inspired by swedish folklore
Over the edge and back : the best of Mickey Hart
Moonsung : A Real World retrospective
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. Indonesia: Java & Bali
Grenada : Creole and Yoruba voices
Iste
Brothers & sisters
Rivermudtwilight
The very best of Lila Downs = El alma de Lila Downs
Multicultural perspectives in music education. Volume 1
Salamat : Rashed 007
First lessons : native American flute : how to sit on a rock
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. India
Spirit rising : my life, my music
Coming home : original Ghanaian highlife & afrobeat classics 1964-1981
Charity begins at home
Cross borders : musiikkia Suomessa
Silent waves
World music, musics of the world : aspects of documentation, mass media and acculturation
Roforofo fight ; The Fela singles
The rhythm of the saints
Musical connections : traditions and change : proceedings of the 21st World Conference of the International Society for Music Education held in Tampa, Florida, USA
The three sisters
Shorelife
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
Our father
The Helsinki project
In the hell of patchinko : live Kawasaki
Masters of their craft
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. Argentina
DubXotic EthnoFunkaDelia
Pacific Paradise : Ethno mystical sounds around the world
Around the world : where jazz meets world music
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. Spain
Wicked leaders
The Idan Raichel Project
The Prester John sessions
Bruja on the corner
Woods
Songcatchers : in search of the world's music
Touristes
Beat the border
Body music
