http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3060 toilets
toilets lavatories restrooms latrines
Abstract.
Designing public toilets
Things in culture, culture in things
Outhouse humor
Feasibility of the dry toilet technology in the Ho Municipality in Ghana
Shit New York : snapshots of the city that never sleeps - caught napping
Dry toilet 2009 : 3rd International Dry Toilet Conference : 12-15 August 2009, Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts
"In 2000, global targets for Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) were agreed by the members of the United Nations for a joint struggle against extreme poverty. Within the seventh time-bound target, the proportion of the population without sustainable access to safe water and basic sanitation was to be halved by 2015. While the target for accessibility to improved water resources has been reached five years before the deadline, the goal for sanitation is still lagging far behind and is bound to fail. Globally, approximately 2.5 billion people lack access to safe sanitation facilities. One of the regions struggling with this developmental challenge is the Sub-Saharan Africa. (United Nations 2013) The cooperation between Turku University of Applied Sciences and the Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland for promotion of sanitation in Southern Africa has continued for seven years. In Swaziland and Zambia, the organizations are working for improved sanitation facilities and increased awareness on sanitation hygiene by building dry toilets and providing education together with the local partners. The projects are funded by the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland."
Experiences of dry sanitation in Southern Africa
Abstract: Research on the suitability of Aqua Stone for removal phosphorus in septic tanks.
WOODWORK FOR THE GARDEN / INCLUDING 16 EASY-TO-BUILD PROJECTS
Dry Toilet 2009 : 3rd International Dry Toilet Conference, 12-15 August 2009, Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts
Roman toilets : their archaeology and cultural history
"The Romans developed sophisticated methods for managing hygiene, including aqueducts for moving water from one place to another, sewers for removing used water from baths and runoff from walkways and roads, and public and private latrines. Through the archeological record, graffiti, sanitation-related paintings, and literature, Ann Olga Koloski-Ostrow explores this little-known world of bathrooms and sewers, offering unique insights into Roman sanitation, engineering, urban planning and development, hygiene, and public health. Focusing on the cities of Pompeii, Herculaneum, Ostia, and Rome, Koloski-Ostrow's work challenges common perceptions of Romans' social customs, beliefs about health, tolerance for filth in their cities, and attitudes toward privacy. In charting the complex history of sanitary customs from the late republic to the early empire, Koloski-Ostrow reveals the origins of waste removal technologies and their implications for urban health, past and present"--Provided by publisher.
Evaluation of urine as fertlizer for maize and cabbage production in Kaloko village, Zambia
Temples of convenience and chambers of delight
Comparison of CO2 and nutrient balances between conventional centralized wastewater treatment and decentralized dry sanitation alternatives
A guide to sanitation and hygiene in developing countries
The big necessity : adventures in the world of human waste
Choosing a dry toilet model for public use : case: Ho Central Market, Ghana
Improvement of the atomic absortion spectrometry method  : Determination of calcium and magnesium from human urine
Best practices in ecological sanitation projects : Case: Development project in Zambia
Sanitation and hygiene in Africa : where do we stand? : analysis from the AfricaSan Conference, Kigali, Rwanda
Public toilet design : from hotels, bars, restaurants, civic buildings and businesses worlwide
A public toilet : a window to values and wellbeing of society
Dry toilet guide to Latvia
The porcelain god : a social history of the toilet
Sanitation and hygiene in Kibera Slums, Nairobi : women ́s concerns and nurses promotional tools
Promoting eco-dry toilet use in rural area of Kunming municipality
Latrinae et foricae : toilets in the Roman world
Nature calls : the history, lore, and charm of outhouses
How to shit around the world : the art of staying clean and helathy while traveling
Dry toilet 2006 : 2nd International Dry Toilet Conference : 16-19 August 2006 Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts
Heavy metal traces in potatoes and cabbages fertilized with human urine and composted faeces
Enabling independence : a guide for rehabilitation workers
Introducing dry toilet technology to households : case: Ho Municipality in Ghana
Sustainable villages in northern conditions : review on sanitation alternatives in rural areas
Pompeii, latrines and down pipes : a general discussion and photographic record of toilet facilities in Pompeii
Ivy and Bean and the ghost that had to go
Application and use of GIS in small sanitation projects in developing countries
Inclusive urban design : : public toilets
Assessing the cultural potential of ecological sanitation in improving waste management and food security in The Taita Hills, Kenya
Now wash your hands! : more than you ever wanted to know about the life and times of the toilet
Bathroom ideas you can use : secrets & solutions for freshening up the hardest-working room in your house
Loos through the ages
Diseases which spread due to lack of sanitation facilities and knowledge on hygiene can in the worst case cause death. The problem occurs worldwide, and it touches mainly the lives of the poorest. Access to sanitation facilities is a significant way to improve people`s well-being. Turku University of Applied Sciences, Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland and Salvation Army of Swaziland have built dry toilets in an urban community in the capital of Swaziland in southern Africa. Dry toilets take control over the bacteria and prevent environmental degradation. In addition, the final compost product from the dry toilets can be utilised to prevent soil erosion, and the separated urine as a fertiliser in gardening. The thesis work aims to support the final phase of the dry sanitation project and a safe exit strategy.  Dry sanitation meets the criteria of an innovation as a new sanitation solution in the community. In addition to the innovation, according to Everett M. Rogers` Diffusion of Innovations Theory other factors influencing the diffusion process are the target community, time and communication channels. The study focused on the unofficial communication about sanitation and dry sanitation in the community. The objective was to study the unofficial structures through communication structures, and their role in the innovation diffusion. Information was gathered through interviewing community members from four different groups; sanitation experts trained by the project, dry toilet caretakers and their neighbors, and traditional leadership. The results showed that communication structures within the sample groups are rather weak, and they are based more on official structures. Despite the common goals community leaders and sanitation experts have little cooperation. Neighbors have very little knowledge about dry sanitation. The strongest communication occurs between sanitation experts and dry toilet caretakers, and in these groups potential for increasing the diffusion process can be seen.
Mott's illustrated catalog of Victorian plumbing fixtures for bathrooms and kitchens
I need a wee!
Evaluation of four alternative wastewater treatment systems for unconnected rural properties in Kautiala, Kangasala
Dry toilet 2003 : 1st International Dry Toilet Conference : 20-23 August 2003, University of Tampere, Tampere, Finland
Dry sanitation projects in Swaziland and Zambia : final review of experiences from Msunduza, Kaloko and Madinba
Ladies and gents : public toilets and gender
Ex AX lux : a selected history of building service technology
Alternative water sources and wastewater management
Definitions and concepts of dry sanitation
Dry Toilet 2012 : 4th International Dry Toilet Conference, 22-24 August 2012, Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts
Fertilizer value of urine in pumpkin (Cucurbita maxima L.) cultivation
Ecological sanitation - a logical choice? : The development of the sanitation institution in a world society
Survey of ecological dry toilet utilization in rural area of Kunming Dian Chi Lake basin
A Study of Gas Emissions from Dry Toilets
The last taboo : opening the door on the global sanitation crisis
The archaeology of sanitation in Roman Italy : toilets, sewers, and water systems
Dry Sanitation projects in Swaziland and Zambia : Final review of experiences from Msunduza, Kaloko and Madimba
Addressing Open Defecation Sanitation Problem: The case of Dry Toilet Implementation in the WA Municipality, Ghana
Using sustainable technology to upgrade sanitation : case study: Soweto East, Kibera
Environmental health engineering in the tropics : an introductory text
The humanure handbook : a guide to composting human manure
Survey and recommendations on Zambian dry sanitation improvement programme
Toilet : public restrooms and the politics of sharing
Bogs, baths and basins : the story of domestic sanitation
Who's in the loo?
The Romans are renowned for their aqueducts, baths and water systems, achievements equalled in the modern world only over the past few hundred years. Their toilets, both single (latrinae) and multi-seater (foricae) form part of the Roman sanitation system that continues to fascinate the modern visitor to ancient sites today. In this well illustrated overview, Barry Hobson describes toilets in the Roman empire from Iberia to Syria, and from North Africa to to Hadrian's Wall. Particular emphasis is given to Pompeii, where many toilets are preserved and where some evidence for change over time can be found. The discussion encompasses not only details of location, construction and decoration of toilets, but also questions of privacy, sewage, rubbish disposal, health issues, references in Latin literature, and graffiti.
Nutrient analysis of a dry toilet compost leachate  : Case study of an allotment garden
Composting toilet system book : a practical guide to choosing, planning and maintaining composting toilet systems, a water-saving pollution-preventing alternative
Shit matters : the potential of community-led total sanitation
A sanitation development project in rural Zambia : management, recommendations and instructions
The wastewater gardener : preserving the planet one flush at a time!
Gossiping about sanitation : role of communication in innovation diffusion
Temples of convenience
A guide to sanitation and hygiene for those working in developing countries
