http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3061 wintering
wintering
Fattening strategies in wintering passerines
The ecology of insect overwintering
Distribution and population structure of the bear (Ursus arctos L.) in Finland
Overwintering in woody plants : involvement of ABA and dehydrins
Wintertime changes in the fine structure and the ribosome content of the buds of Scots pine
Pest status and incidence of the honey bee tracheal mite in Finland
Hibernation
Atlas of Nearctic shorebirds on the coast of Mexico
A survey of winter cold in the mountain birch / Epirrita autumnata system
The effect of fertilization on the overwintering of timothy (Phleum pratense)
Insect dormancy: : an ecological perspective
Thermic tresholds and wintering of timothy, Phleum pratense, in Pelsonsuo
Seasonal variations in interscapular brown fat in three species of small mammals wintering in an active state
Comparative patterns of winter habitat use by muskoxen and caribou
Biological peculiarities of Leguminosae, genus Astragalus L, new to Karelia
Wetland use by waterbirds that winter in coastal Texas
Cytopathological and external observations on red spruce (Picea rubens Sarg.) needles damaged in winter in Vermont
The Skylark
Animals in winter
The best birdhouses for your backyard
Cold acclimation in winter rye (Secale cereale L.) : identification and characterization of proteins involved in freezing tolerance
Photoperiodic regulation of apical growth cessation in northern tree species : the role of phytochrome and gibberellin
Mammalian hibernation 2 : proceedings of the second International Symposium on Natural Mammalian Hibernation, Helsinki , August 27-30. 1962
Social dominance in Willow tit (Parus montanus) flocks : causes and effects on resource access, survival, and reproduction
Overwintering ecology of northern field layer plants : snow and photosynthesis in Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.
Overwintering and productivity of Scots pine in a changing climate
Abundance variations, survival and site fidelity of Reed Buntings Emberiza Schoeniclus wintering in central Spain
Plasmodesmata at the crossroads between development, dormancy, and defense
Atlas of wintering North American birds : an analysis of Christmas bird count data
Physical and physiological aspects of impedance measurements in plants
Winter tree finder : for identifying deciduous trees in winter
Summary: Winter mortality of Oporinia autumnata (Lep., Geometridae) eggs was tested with a field experiment. Eggs did not survive at temperatures below -37°C. The result corroborated the hypothesis that accumulation of cold air at lower altitudes in wintertime destroys hibernating eggs of Oporinia...
Timing is everything : photoperiodicity shaping life-history traits and gene expression
A guide to identification of deciduous broad-leaved trees and shrubs in winter
Birds of the Keweenaw Peninsula, Michigan
Frost hardiness and over-wintering of forest trees
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
Occurrence of unfrozen ground in Finland
Resistance of winter cereals to various winter stress factors : inter- and intraspecific variation and the role of cold acclimation
Abstract: The wintertime ecology, particularly the water economy and associated problems of a typical species of the boreal coniferous forest zone have been investigated...
Studies on the hibernation of certain species of thrips living on cereal plants
Effects of temperature on dormancy release in Norway spruce and Scots pine seedlings
Winter distributions of Thick-billed murres from the eastern Canadian Arctic and western Greenland in relation to age and time of year
Plant cold hardiness : molecular biology, biochemistry, and physiology : [proceedings of the Fifth International Plant Cold Hardiness Seminar, held August 4-8, 1996, in Corvallis, Oregon]
Climatic factors in relation to winterhardiness
Impedance spectroscopy and temperature acclimation of forest trees
Wintering of field crops in Finland, 1968-1969
Bat habitat requirements : implications for land use planning
A longer growing season and higher accumulated effective temperature sum (ETS) will improve crop production potential in Finland. The production potential of new or at present underutilised crops (e.g. maize (Zea mays L.), oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.), lucerne (Medicago sativa L.)) will improve and it will be possible to grow more productive varieties of the currently grown crops (spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), oats (Avena sativa L.)). Also cultivation of autumn sown crops could increase if winters become milder and shorter, promoting overwintering success. Climatic conditions may on the other hand become restrictive in many ways. For example, early season droughts could intensify because of higher temperatures and consequent higher evaporation rates. Current low winter temperatures and short growing season help restrict the development and spread of pests and pathogens, but this could change in the future. Longer growing seasons, warmer autumns and milder winters may initiate new problems with higher occurrences of weeds, pests and pathogens, including new types of viruses and virus vectors. Anoxia of overwintering crops caused by ice encasement, and physical damage caused by freezing and melting of water over the fields may also increase. In this study we identify the most likely changes in crop species and varieties in Finland and the pest and pathogen species that are most likely to create production problems as a result of climate change during this century.
Thermic tresholds and wintering of timothy in Pelsonsuo
Distribution of breeding, wintering, and resident waterbirds in Europe: biotic regions and the macroclimate
Investigations on the annual cycle of development of forest trees 2 : autumn dormancy and winter dormancy
Overwintering of Gramineae plants and parasitic fungi
The water economy of the bilberry (Vaccinum myrtillus) under winter conditions
Evolution of insect migration and diapause
Polar bears
Benthic resting eggs in the life cycles of calanoid copepods in the northern Baltic Sea
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: III Frost and winter time fluctuation
Topographical delimitation of Oporinia-damages: experimental evidence of the effect of winter temperature
An orientation experiment conducted during autumn migration of the Common Frog (Rana temporaria)
Summary.
Life in the cold : evolution, mechanisms, adaptation, and application
Field book of animals in winter
Data on the Finnish bear, mainly from the period 1960 - 1971, were collected from various sources. Of the bears killed during the period 1960 - 1971, the sex of 536 was determined and the age of 666. The present range of the bear in Finland covers a narrow zone on the eastern frontier in North Karelia and Kainuu, and eastern and central parts of Lapland...
Range expansion to novel environments : evolutionary physiology and genetics in Leptinotarsa decemlineata
The effects of severe winters on the bird fauna of Finland
Development of freezing tolerance and vernalisation in forage grasses in field experiments (2009-2013)
COST action 814: Crop development for the cool and wet regions of Europe : achievements and future prospects : proceedings of the final conference, Pordenone, Italy, 11 to 13 May 2000
Frost resistance during shoot elongation in Picea abies (L.) Karst. seedlings in relation to the growth environment of the previous growing period
Environmental stress and gene regulation
Snow mould resistance in winter wheat = Resistens mot overvintringssopp i høsthvete
Bumblebees in a changing climate : evaluating the effects of temperature on queen performance
Common frogs, Rana temporaria L., in the winter diet of the pine marten, Martes martes L., from the standpoint of their attempts to winter terrestially
Population sex-ratio affecting behavior and physiology of overwintering bank voles (Myodes glareolus)
Cold hardiness research on agricultural and horticultural crops in Finland
Nominate Lesser Black-backed Gulls (Larus fuscus fuscus) winter in the Congo basin
Plant dormancy : physiology, biochemistry and molecular biology
Flock composition, agonistic behaviour and body condition of wintering Bullfinches Pyrrhula pyrrhula
Overwintering container seedlings using underground heat
The origin of lapwings Vanellus vanellus and golden plovers Pluvialis apricaria wintering in Portugal
Adaptation to seasonality : genetics and variation in life-history traits important in overwintering
Can boreal common frog (Rana temporaria L.) survive in frost?
Wintering populations of lesser snow geese and Ross' geese in the Northern Highlands of México, 1988-1990
In the boreal zone of Europe, differences between the four seasons are considerable. Also, the within-season variation in climatic conditions is substantial. This has many impacts on agriculture that are exceptional when compared to any other environmental zone in Europe. All the meteorological data were based on weather observations made by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Likelihood (%) for soil frost (≤ 0 °C at 20 cm soil depth) at nine weather stations, and late snow cover (> 1 cm) (10 km × 10 km grid) were estimated for late spring. Probabilities (%) of night frost at the ground surface (March-September) were calculated at nine weather stations by frequencies of the lowest observed night-time temperature: a) between -2 and -5 °C (mild), b) ≤ -5 °C (moderate) and c) ≤ -9 °C (severe). Also, the probabilities (%) of night frost in mid-summer were estimated (≤ -1 °C for at least five hours). Furthermore, a significant shift from mild to below-freezing conditions was measured in winter as a period of at least ten days with daily maximum temperatures above 0°C followed by at least a 10-day period with daily mean temperatures below -5°C in order to characterize high fluctuating winter conditions. All these except late snow cover constitute high risks to crop production. Deep soil frost may postpone sowings, while in advanced springs, night frost may cause damage. For winter crops and perennials, shifts from mild to cold spells outside the growing season are particularly detrimental. Again the data may have many other applications beyond the assessments highlighted in this paper.
Trade-off between starvation and predation: weight-watching in Yellowhammers
Susceptibility of pine to mammalian herbivores in northern Finland
Periodicity of hibernation in the hedgehog (Erinaceus europaeus L.) : seasonal respiratory variations with special reference to the regulations of Cheyne-Stokes respiration
An invasive ectoparasite of cervids, the deer ked dispersion, cold tolerance and predation
Over and under the snow
The effect of competition on winter rape (Bassica napus L.) development : evaluation of a field experiment by ANOVA and principal component analysis
Seasonal adaptations of insects
Temporal and spatial abundance of wintering Common Eider Somateria mollissima, Long-tailed Duck Clangula hyemalis, and Common Scoter Melanitta nigra in shallow water areas of the southwestern Baltic Sea
Variation in the rate of winter hardening of one-year-old plus-tree families of Scots pine raised in different enviroments
Social status and survival strategies in the willow tit Parus montanus
Adaptations to the cold : tenth International Hibernation Symposium : proceedings of the tenth International Hibernation Symposium, held from 30 June to 6 July 1996 at Cradle Mountain Lodge, Cradle Mountain/Lake St. Claire National Park, Tasmania, Australia
Patterns of variation in energy management in wintering tits (Paridae)
Regulatory anatomy of honeybee lifespan = Regulering av aldring hos honningbien
Abstract.
Seasonal variation in the nitrogen metabolism of young Scots pine
Advances in low-temperature biology : a research annual. Volume 1
Cranes : where, when and why? : [a guide book for visitors in European crane areas and ideas how to manage cranes in an agricultural environment]
Wintering of plants
Waterfowl and their food plants in Washington
Screening early autumn frost hardiness among progenies from Norway spruce seed orchards
Analyses of climatic factors affecting snow mould injury in first-year timothy (Phleum pratense L.) with special reference to Sclerotinia borealis
Environmental factors modulating cold tolerance, gene expression and metabolism in Drosophila montana
Injuries to conifer seedlings caused by simulated summer frost and winter desiccation
Life in the cold : ecological, physiological, and molecular mechanisms
Carbohydrate concentrations and dormancy as related to winter hardiness in red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.)
Greylag geese (Anser anser) - Scirpus maritimus relationships in a newly colonised wintering area in the Camargue (France)
Budburst in detached birch shoots (Betula pendula) of different varieties winter-stored in darkness at three different temperatures
Overwintering strategies of a boreal small mammal in a changing climate
Survival at 40 below
Genetic basis of adaptation : bud set date and frost hardiness variation in Scots pine
Pests and diseases in a changing climate a major challenge for Finnish crop production
Bird Atlas 2007-11 : the breeding and wintering birds of Britain and Ireland
Life in the cold : an introduction to winter ecology
Life in the cold : Eleventh International Hibernation Symposium
Effects of fasting and superficial hibernation on body condition and reproduction in the raccoon dog in farm conditions
