http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3076 sea routes
sea routes
World cruising routes
Empire at the periphery : British colonists, Anglo-Dutch trade, and the development of the British Atlantic, 1621-1713
CD Merikartta = CD Sjökort = CD Nautical chart. B, Helsinki-Parainen
To the Pacific and Arctic with Beechey : the journal of Lieutenant George Peard of H.M.S. Blossom, 1825-1828
The Sea of  Archipelago and the Gulf of Finland = Das Finnische Inselmeer und der Finnische Meerbusen = Finskij arhipelag i Finskij zaliv
Veneily CD : = sjökort CD = nautical chart CD. 50, Lappeenranta-Savonlinna
Premodern trade in world history
The three occupied UAE islands : the Tunbs and Abu Musa
Guide to port entry : 2015/2016 Edition. Volume 4 : Plans L - Y
Elements of shipping
The winds of change : Buddhism and the maritime links of early South Asia
Accident probabilities in selected areas of the Gulf of Finland
The Northern Sea route : a traffic potential study
The vital spark : the British coastal trade 1700-1930
Voyages to Hudson Bay in search of a Northwest Passage 1741-1747. Vol. 1, The voyage of Christopher Middleton 1741-1742
The NSR: impacts on the Nenets Autonomous Okrug regional development and social/economic conditions of the Nenets population
The Sami people and the Northern Sea route : juridical, social and cultural concerns
Who owns the Arctic? : understanding sovereignty disputes in the north
Guide to port entry : 2015/2016 Edition. Volume 1 : Text A - K
Ocean passages for the world
Silk, scents & spice : tracing the world's great trade routes : the silk, the spice route, the incense trail
Ice routes : the application of advanced technologies to the routing of ships through sea ice
"The environmental histories of the Arctic and Antarctica are characterised by contrast and contradiction. These are places that have witnessed some of the worst environmental degradation in recent history. But they are also the locations of some of the most farsighted measures of environmental protection. They are places where people have sought to conquer nature through exploration and economic development, but in many ways they remain wild and untamed. They are the coldest places on Earth, yet have come to occupy an important role in the science and politics of global warming. Despite being located at opposite ends of the planet and being significantly different in many ways, Adrian Howkins argues that the environmental histories of the Arctic and Antarctica share much in common and have often been closely connected. This book also argues that the Polar Regions are strongly linked to the rest of the world, both through physical processes and through intellectual and political themes. As places of inherent contradiction, the Polar Regions have much to contribute to the way we think about environmental history and the environment more generally"--
Ultima Thule : Arctic explorations
INSROP programme report 1993-1998 : summary and statistics of all INSROP products and activities
Arctic labyrinth : the quest for the Northwest Passage
Feasibility of commercial cargo shipping along the Northern Sea Route
Pilots and lighthouses - aids of navigation
Suomen merimuseo = The Maritime Museum of Finland : annual report 2001-2002
Europe and the sea
Guide to port entry : 2015/2016 Edition. Volume 2 : Text L - Y
World voyage planner : planning a voyage from anywhere in the world to anywhere in the world
The competitive dynamics of container shipping
Sea route to industrial prosperity : Finland's maritime heritage
"The right of transit passage in straits and the analogous right of archipelagic sea lanes passage in archipelagic States, negotiated in the 1970s and embodied in the 1982 UNCLOS, sought to approximate the freedom of navigation and overflight while expressly recognizing the sovereignty or jurisdiction of the coastal State over the waters concerned. However, the allocation of rights and duties of the coastal State and third States is open to interpretation. Recent developments in State practice, such as Australia's requirement of compulsory pilotage in the Torres Strait, the bridge across the Great Belt and the proposals for a bridge across the Strait of Messina, the enhanced environmental standards applicable in the Strait of Bonifacio and Canada's claims over the Arctic Route, make it necessary to reassess the whole common law of straits. The Legal Regime of Straits examines the complex relationship between the coastal State and the international community"--
The Baltic straits
Cargo traffic on the Helsinki-Tallinn route
Operating panamax dry bulk carriers on the seven seas
Shipping in Arctic waters : a comparison of the Northeast, Northwest and trans-polar passages
Guide to port entry : 2015/2016 Edition. Volume 3 : Plans A - K
World cruising routes : featuring 1000 sailing routes in all oceans of the world
Practices in pilotage : past, present and future
Symposium on Historical, Archaeological and Linguistic Studies on Southern China, South-East Asia and the Hong Kong Region : papers presented at meetings held in September 1961 as part of the Golden Jubilee Congress of the University of Hong Kong
Ice navigation
The Northwest passage : arctic straits
International straits : concept, classification, and rules of passage
The tragic history of the sea
The legal regime of the Turkish Straits
Brown's rule of the road manual : the rule of the road at sea
The sea and civilization : a maritime history of the world
The legal regime of straits : contemporary challenges and solutions
For centuries British navigators dreamt of finding the Northwest Passage - the route over the top of North America that would open up the fabulous wealth of Asia to British merchants. We know now that, while several such passages exist, during the period of the search by sailing vessels they were choked by impassable ice. But this knowledge was slowly won, as expedition after expedition, under the most terrible conditions, slowly filled in their patchy and sometimes fatally misleading charts. "Arctic Labyrinth" tells this extraordinary story with great skill and brilliance. From the tiny, woefully equipped ships of the first Tudor expeditions to the icebreakers and nuclear submarines of the modern era, Glyn Williams describes how every form of ingenuity has been used to break through or try to get round the nightmarish ice barriers set in a maze of sterile islands. The heroism, folly and horror of these voyages seem almost unbelievable, with entire ships crushed, mass starvation, epics of endurance - and all in pursuit of a goal that ultimately proved futile. Williams' book is both an important work of exploration and naval history, and a remarkable study in human delusion and fortitude.
The polar regions : an environmental history
Britain and the western seaways
The history of seafaring : navigating the world's oceans
Great maritime routes : an illustrated history
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
Sällsamheter längs farleden = Tarinoita laivareittimme varrelta = Tales along the sea lanes
Russia's Arctic strategies and the future of the Far North
