http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3073 pipes and tubes
pipes and tubes
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 3, Seostetut hienoraeteräsputket = Alloy fine grain steel tubes
Design of fluid thermal systems
Electrical and thermal applications of carbon nanotube films
Standardisation of exhaust gas insulation boxes
Pipe Drafting and Design, Third Edition provides step-by-step instructions to walk pipe designers, drafters, and students through the creation of piping arrangement and isometric drawings. It includes instructions for the proper drawing of symbols for fittings, flanges, valves, and mechanical equipment. More than 350 illustrations and photographs provide examples and visual instructions. A unique feature is the systematic arrangement of drawings that begins with the layout of the structural foundations of a facility and continues through to the development of a 3-D model. Advanced chapters discuss the use of 3-D software tools from which elevation, section and isometric drawings, and bills of materials are extracted. Covers drafting and design of pipes from fundamentals to detailed advice on the development of piping drawings, using manual and CAD techniques 3-D model images provide an uncommon opportunity to visualize an entire piping facility Each chapter includes exercises and questions designed for review and practice New to this edition: A large scale project that includes foundation location, equipment location, arrangement, and vendor drawings Updated discussion and use of modern CAD tools Additional exercises, drawings, and dimensioning charts to provide practice and assessment New set of Powerpoint images to help develop classroom lectures.
Frozen embryo transfer:early pregnancy, perinatal outcomes, and health of singleton children
The properties of and transport phenomena in oxide films on iron, nickel, chromium and their alloys in aqueous environments
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 4, Sähkövastushitsatut seostamattomat teräsputket mataliin käyttölämpötiloihin = Electric welded non-alloy steel tubes with specified low temperature profiles
Measurement of optical second-harmonic generation from an individual single-walled carbon nanotube
Piping materials : selection and applications
Understanding project management in natural resource investments from a legal perspective
Saumattomat pyöreät teräsputket yleiseen käyttöön : tekniset toimitusehdot : standardi = Seamless steel tubes for mechanical and general engineering purposes : technical delivery conditions. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ruostumattomat teräkset = Stainless steel
Acute otitis media in young children : randomized controlled trials of antimicrobial treatment, prevention and quality of life
Hydrogen production by steam reforming of bio-alcohols:the use of conventional and membrane-assisted catalytic reactors
Indoor ski facilities : potentials and challenges of cross-country skiing in Finland
Surface Production Operations: Facility Piping and Pipeline Systems, Volume III is a hands-on manual for applying mechanical and physical principles to all phases of facility piping and pipeline system design, construction, and operation. For over twenty years this now classic series has taken the guesswork out of the design, selection, specification, installation, operation, testing, and trouble-shooting of surface production equipment. The third volume presents readers with a "hands-on" manual for applying mechanical and physical principles to all phases of facility piping and pipeline system design, construction, and operation. Packed with charts, tables, and diagrams, this authoritative book provides practicing engineer and senior field personnel with a quick but rigorous exposition of piping and pipeline theory, fundamentals, and application. Included is expert advice for determining phase states and their impact on the operating conditions of facility piping and pipeline systems; determining pressure drop and wall thickness; and optimizing line size for gas, liquid, and two-phase lines. Also included are a guide to applying international design codes and standards, and guidance on how to select the appropriate ANSI/API pressure-temperature ratings for pipe flanges, valves, and fittings.
Hitsatut pyöreät teräsputket yleiseen käyttöön : tekniset toimitusehdot : standardi = Welded circular steel tubes for mechanical and general engineering purposes : technical delivery conditions. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ruostumattomat teräkset = Stainless steel
Pump wisdom : problem solving for operators and specialists
Computer applications in hydraulic engineering : connecting theory to practice
Pipeline risk management manual : ideas, techniques, and resources
Wnt-11 signaling roles during heart and kidney development
Surface production operations. Volume III, Facility piping and pipeline systems
Heat pipes
Understanding hydraulics
Teollisuuseristys = Thermal insulation in process industry
Re-routing of cooling water pipeline
Marine auxiliary machinery
Putkityöt konepajatuotteiden valmistuksessa = Pipeworking as a part of manufacturing work-shop products
The effect of albumin coating on the properties of tympanostomy tubes
Design of piping systems : the M. W. Kellogg Company
Comparison and evaluation of exhaust gas backpressure calculation and measurement results
Microstructural degradation in compound tubes
Practical hydraulics handbook
Piping and Pipeline Calculations Manual : Construction Design Fabrication and Examination
Painelaitemateriaalit = Materials for pressure purposes. Osa 4 = Part 4, Saumattomat teräsputket = Seamless steel tubes
Large differences in catch per unit of effort between two minnow trap models
Fundamentals of pipe flow
Pipe flow : a practical and comprehensive guide
Chemical modification of single-walled carbon nanotubes via alkali metal reduction
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 6, Jauhekaarihitsatut seostamattomat teräsputket mataliin käyttölämpötiloihin = Submerged arc welded non-alloy steel tubes with specified low temperature properties
Practical hydraulics and water resources engineering
The use of assisted fertilization in Finland : health effects and equity
Facility piping systems handbook
Wheezing requiring hospitalisation in infancy - outcome at early school age : viral aetiology of wheeze and predictive factors for outcome
Hydrogen production by steam reforming of bio-alcohols : the use of conventional and membrane-assisted catalytic reactors
Synthesis and applications of macroscopic well-aligned multi-walled carbon nanotube films
Distortion buckling analysis of rectangular hollow sections X-joints using finite element method
Multi-dimensional carbonaceous composites for electrode applications
Concrete pipe for the new millennium
On-chip purification of arc-discharge synthesized multiwalled carbon nanotubes via mobile liquid interface
Dielectrophoresis as an assembly method for carbon nanotube memory elements
Teollisuuseristys = Industrial insulations
Fiber Optics: Safety Measures on Oil & Gas Pipeline Monitoring in Lagos State Region
Teräs : tuotestandardit = Steel : product standards. Osa 2, Putket = Tubes
Utilisation of tube flow fractionation in fibre and particle analysis
The complete photo guide to home repair
Slurry handling and pipeline transport. 12, Hydrotransport
Handbook of double containment piping systems
Mobile device cooling with heat pipes
Covering the full range of material needed by civil engineering students in their study of hydraulics, this new edition includes hydraulic structures and an introduction to hydrology. Self-test questions, with answers, are included.
Tiivistelmä: Fracture toughness of PVC-U pipe fittings in above ground systems.
Roles of <em>Wnt4/5a</em> in germ cell differentiation and gonad development &amp; <em>ErbB4</em> in polarity of kidney epithelium
Polymer-carbon nanotube composites : preparation, properties and applications
As processors used in mobile devices keep becoming more powerful, the heat generated by these processors also increases. This and the fact that mobile devices are made to be as compact as possible introduces new challenges in mobile device cooling. This research studies the use of small heat pipes in mobile device cooling. This study focuses on measurements of the thermal conductivity of straight heat pipes. The variables in the measurements were the thickness, length and orientation of the heat pipe. In addition the power level of the heating element was chosen as an additional variable. A D-optimal DOE plan was made for the measurements according to the Six Sigma methodology, so that the effects between two variables could be studied. The test setup was composed of two elements and the heat pipe was connected in between. The heating element was made from three copper pieces and the heat pipe was held between the pieces. The top half of the element was heated with the use of a power resistor. The cooling element was made from two aluminium halves, which both had copper pipes going through them. The pipes were connected to a water circulation unit, which monitors and adjusts the temperature of the water with a thermostat. The measurements were conducted according to the DOE-plan and each test case was done three times to achieve statistical reliability. The heat pipes performed optimally in all cases except in the worst case scenario, but even despite that the temperature of the heating element never rose above 60 °C. A statistical analysis was conducted on the temperature data gathered from the hot end of the heat pipe and the temperature difference between the ends of the heat pipe. The results demonstrated that the most significant variables in these cases were the heating power level and the length of the heat pipe.Finally the measurement errors were analyzed resulting in a measurement uncertainty of ±1.2 °C. By analyzing the results it was concluded that heat pipes could work well in cooling small mobile devices due to their relatively small size and good heat transfer capabilities. Furthermore the measurement data from this study could be used as a reference for further study
Ultrasound Doppler based in-line rheometry : development, validation and application
Tivistelmä (abstract in Finnish)
New prosopographical data derived from Roman lead pipe inscriptions
Pipe drafting and design
Bamboo as an alternative pipe material for rural water supply in Tanzania
Energy "expressway" : west-east natural gas transmission
Penetration to global industrial markets : case Finland Pacific Pipe Company Ltd, Oy
Prevention of catastrophic failure of pressure vessels and piping : results of pressure test with a large vessel (HCl-test)
Mrs Plug the plumber
Thin film conductivity measurements of carbon nanotube hemicellulose complex
Conversion produces pipelayer for busy market
Liquid-phase alkali-doping of individual carbon nanotube field-effect transistors
Multiobjective muffler shape optimization with hybrid acoustics modelling
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 1, Seostamattomat teräsputket huoneenlämpötiloihin = non-alloy steel tubes with specified room temperature properties
Microfluidics for the spectroscopy of carbon nanotubes
Prefabricated insulation versus manufactured
Viemäreiden sisäpuoliset saneerausmenetelmät = Renovation of drains and sewers with no-dig methods
Pneumonia in pre-school children : Terveysnetti
Teräs : tuotestandardit. Osa 4, Päittäishitsattavat putkenosat = Steel : product standards. Part 4, Butt-welding pipe fittings
Dental and otologic problems in cleft lip and palate patients from Northern Finland:cleft associated problems
Design techniques for engine manifolds : wave action methods for IC engines
Pipe section raw material quality measurements and quality's effect on runnability
Stainless steel hollow sections handbook
Construction methods, materials, and techniques
Computational studies of torsional properties of single-walled carbon nanotubes
On the stability of carbon nanotube and titania nanowire based catalyst materials:from synthesis to applications
Fracture toughness of PVC-U pipe fittings in above ground systems
Comparison of two mid-urethral sling operations and their effect on urethral mobility assessed by dynamic magnetic resonance imaging
Readers Digest household maintenance & repair manual : expert guidance on maintenance and repairs in the home
Functionalized carbon nanotube for next generation biosensor
Painelaitemateriaalit = Materials for pressure purposes. Osa 5 = Part 5, Hitsatut teräsputket = Welded steel tubes
The Baltic Sea gas pipeline : can we manage it sustainably?. Expert article 375.
Understanding the properties of polymer carbon nanotube (CNT) composites is the key to these materials finding new applications in a wide range of industries, including but not limited to electronics, aerospace and biomedical/bioengineering.Polymer-carbon nanotube compositesprovides comprehensive and in-depth coverage of the preparation, characterization, properties and applications of these technologically interesting new materials.Part one covers the preparation and processing of composites of thermoplastics with CNTs, with chapters covering in-situ polymerization, melt processing and CNT surface treatment, as well as elastomer and thermoset CNT composites. Part two concentrates on properties and characterization, including chapters on the quantification of CNT dispersion using microscopy techniques, and on topics as diverse as thermal degradation of polymer/CNT composites, the use of rheology, Raman spectroscopy and multi-scale modeling to study polymer/CNT composites, and CNT toxicity. In part three, the applications of polymer/CNT composites are reviewed, with chapters on specific applications such as in fibers and cables, bioengineering applications and conductive polymer CNT composites for sensing.
Pipeline rules of thumb handbook : quick and accurate solutions to your everyday pipeline problems
Pipeline design & construction: a practical approach
Calculation formulas and description for dimensioning pre-insulated piping : Investigating the potential utilization of pre-insulated pipe calculation methods in LNG applications
Teräs : tuotestandardit = Steel : product standards. Osa 5, Rakenneputket = Structural hollow sections
Abrasion in slurry pipelines - mechanisms, flow behavior and test equipment
Precision tube handbook
