http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3071 stability
stability
Physical properties affecting solid state stability and tableting of theophylline, tolbutamide and hydroxypropyl-β-cyclodextrin
This document introduces some basic principles of the stability of small fishing vessels and provides simple guidance on what fishing vessel crews can do to maintain adequate stability for their vessels. It is not intended to be a complete course on fishing vessel stability. The publication is aimed at fishers and their families, fishing vessel owners, boat builders, competent authorities and others who are interested in the safety of fishing vessels and fishers.-- Publisher's description.
On modelling and stability of axially moving viscoelastic materials
Stability of Finnish financial system cannot be taken for granted
Macroprudential supervision racing to keep pace with market developments
Movement, stability & lumbopelvic pain : integration of research and therapy
Wind and snow damage in the Pyrenees pine forests : effect of stand attributes and location
On the stability and trajectories of the double pendulum with linear springs and dampers
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
This CD-ROM is ment for professionals of health care as a for planning and instructing therapy, for patients to maximise the outcome of learning and therapy. This product provides ideas for incorporating low back injury prevention training in to the athletes' warm-ups and training programs. CD-ROM contains basic information about the anatomy of lumbar area and video material from therapeutic exercises of low back. This CD-ROM is not ment to replace the skills and guidance of health care professionals but to complete them.
Ship stability, powering and resistance
On the stability of carbon nanotube and titania nanowire based catalyst materials:from synthesis to applications
Peptide based modulators of prostate specific kallikrein-related peptidases 2 and 3
On the instability of elastic web axially moving in the gravitational field
The financial system consists of financial institutions and the market infrastructures that connect them. They are both key to the stability of the system as a whole. The basic assumption is that infrastructures function reliably, and their criticality is noticed only in the event of a disruption. Stability analysis should, therefore, increasingly extend its focus to include both the functioning of infrastructures and their interconnectedness with financial institutions..
Finnish financial system exposed to risks in the real economy
Low back disorders : evidence-based prevention and rehabilitation
Subversion in institutional change and stability : a neglected mechanism
Summary.
Power system transients : parameter determination
Structural stability of steel : concepts and applications for structural engineers
The principles of ship stability : The application of the theoretical principles to the practical handling of ships
Pluripotency and genetic stability of human pluripotent stem cells
Stability of tank vehicles
Reform as routine : organizational change and stability in the modern world
This indispensible guide to ship stability covers essential topics such as flotation and buoyancy, small angle, large angle and longitudinal stability, water density effects, bilging, ship resistance, and advanced hydrostatics. Each chapter has a comprehensive list of aims and objectives at the start of the topic, followed by a check-list at the end of the topic for students to ensure that they have developed all the relevant skills before moving onto the next topic area. The book features over 170 worked examples with fully explained solutions, enabling students to work through the examples to build up their knowledge and develop the necessary key skills. The worked examples, which range in difficulty from very simple one-step solutions to SQA standard exam questions and above, are predominantly based on a hypothetical ship. The reader is supplied with extracts from a typical data book for the ship which replicates those found on actual ships, enabling the reader to develop and practise real-life skills.
Compounding of paediatric oral formulations : extemporaneous nifedipine capsules, powders and suspensions in the hospital pharmacy
Fragile states : causes, costs, and responses
Static instability analysis of an elastic band travelling in the gravitational field
Electrical power systems quality
Economic structure and maturity : collected papers in input-output modelling and applications
One country, many housing markets
Dynamic analysis for axially moving viscoelastic panels
The regulation of financial markets
Two targets, one instrument: Steering interest rates and preserving financial stability with Eurosystem credit operations
Stability of AR-GARCH models
Rules for member stability in EN 1993-1-1 : background documentation and design guidelines
Justice and stability
The laser quenching technique for studying the magneto-thermal instability in high critical current density superconducting strands for accelerator magnets
"Overcoming state fragility is one of the most important international development objectives of the 21st century. Many fragile states have turned into failed states, where millions of people are caught in deprivation and seemingly hopeless conditions. Fragile states lack the authority, legitimacy, and capacity that a modern state needs to advance the development of its peoples, and present deep challenges for the design and implementation of development policy. For instance, how is aid to be designed and delivered in a way that will help people in fragile states if their governments lack capacity to absorb and use aid? And what can be done about adverse side-effects of fragile states on their neighbours and the global community, such as heightened insecurity, rising out-migration, displaced populations, and the destruction of natural resources? This book documents the far reaching global repercussions of state fragility and provides a timely contribution to the international discourse on three dimensions of fragile states: their causes, costs, and the responses required. It will appeal to scholars, policymakers, and donors who are concerned about conflict and development. Its aim is to contribute to our understanding of how strong and accountable states can be fostered-states where government and civil society progressively advance human wellbeing, underpin households' resilience in the face of shocks, and form effective partnerships to maximize the benefits of development assistance."--Publisher's website.
Germany : beyond the stable state
Analysis of the spatial throughput in interference networks
Stability operations
Political liberalism : [with a new introduction and the "Reply to Habermas"]
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
Electric power engineering handbook. Power system stability and control
Market infrastructures : the pillars of financial stability
A study of fine-scale atmospheric dynamics and numerical advection methods
Vehicle stability
Stability of linear and non-linear Kalman filters
Basic control systems engineering
Neurotrophic factors GDNF and NRTN : from basic properties to clinical trials
Stability analysis of new paradigms in wireless networks
Restoring financial stability : how to repair a failed system
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
Investment funds have emerged as significant financial intermediaries in Finland since the turn of the millennium. In this role, they supplement traditional deposit banking. However, from the perspective of financial stability, investment funds may also involve risks reminiscent of banking. One such key risk is if assets invested in funds are converted into significantly less liquid (less cash-convertible) form. Why can such liquidity transformation in a worst-case scenario pose a risk to financial stability, and how extensively is it performed among Finnish investment funds?.
Threats to the stability of the euro area financial system relate to the risks to global economic growth - such as uncertainties around developments in China - and to the international financial markets. The profitability of the euro area banking sector has improved from the weak level witnessed previously, but the large amount of non-performing loans continues to weigh on banks' balance sheets. Risks to the Finnish financial system are associated with the weakness of the economy and household debt. In order to contain potential overheating on the housing loan market and household indebtedness, the authorities will need new additions to their toolbox..
Vehicle dynamics, stability and control
Household debt and banking sector concentration pose risks for Finland
Indomethacin topical formulations development and the effect of compositions on the physical characteristics and stability
Identities and politics during the Putin presidency : the discursive foundations of Russia's stability
Investment funds have grown significantly in Finland : do their operations involve stability risks?
In a prolonged environment of exceptionally low interest rates, the authorities are responsible for ensuring the adequate monitoring of potential vulnerabilities due to low interest rates. Before measures to manage risks can be implemented, the risks must first be identified. Owing to continuous market developments, there is a strong need to update the analysis conducted by the authorities..
The politics of law and stability in China
Household debt - how much is too much?
The Finnish financial system has operated smoothly amid the difficult economic conditions of the past few years. However, financial stability can never be taken for granted. Due to the structural vulnerabilities of the financial system - the concentration and interconnectedness of the financial sector - the consequences of financial crisis could be particularly serious in Finland. To strengthen the stability of the system, the macroprudential toolkit available to the Finnish authorities should be brought to an internationally comparable level..
Ship stability for masters and mates
This book theorizes subversive action, a neglected mechanism in the new institutionalism literature. Subversive action is political in nature, secretly undermining some institutions to open up alternative ideas or to secure existing institutions by secretly undermining adversaries. An example is a politician who promises change in public, but does something else behind the scenes to preserve the status quo. The book addresses the nature and meaning of subversive action and the contexts that give rise to it, as well as how it can work as an important mechanism behind institutional change and continuity. The book will interest students and scholars of public policy, public administration and political science.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Stability analysis in multicriteria discrete portfolio optimization
Optimization and analysis of processes with moving materials subjected to fatigue fracture and instability
On the stability of carbon nanotube and titania nanowire based catalyst materials : from synthesis to applications
Stability of moving viscoelastic panels interacting with surrounding fluid
Globalization and economic and financial instability
Structural and stress analysis
Soil mechanics : basic concepts and engineering applications
Stabilization strategies of the lumbar spine in vivo
Therapeutic exercise for lumbopelvic stabilization : a motor control approach for the treatment and prevention of lower back pain
Stability analysis and design of structures : with 159 figures
Theoretical study on travelling web dynamics and instability under non-homogeneous tension
The mast cell as a regulator of atherosclerotic plaque stability
Mathematical models and stability analysis of three-phase synchronous machines
Stability-based classification for ankle fracture management and the syndesmosis injury in ankle fractures due to a supination external rotation mechanism of injury
NGP yearbook 2011 : sustainable development in the Arctic region through peace and stability
At the height of the financial crisis some weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, the Eurosystem adopted a full allotment policy in the refinancing of banks. The move from variable rate tenders and controlling the amounts of liquidity provided to the banks towards fixed interest rates was necessary when the financial intermediation capacity of the banking system had been paralysed and the traditional way implementing monetary policy had led to a significant increase in the price of central bank liquidity provision. This article examines how ensuring banks' access to liquidity through central bank operations has resulted in a situation where, for five years already, short-term money market rates have been lower than the interest rate on the main refinancing operations (MRO rate), that is, the Eurosystem's traditional key steering rate. The article discusses central banks' short-term challenges in the steering of interest rates and outlines a longer-term operational model that would enable the dual use of credit operations both for steering interest rates and, in parallel, for ensuring the availability of central bank funding. The model is based on a differentiated use of collateral in different types of operations conducted by the Eurosystem..
Ship Stability for Masters and Mates
Efficiency and stability studies for organic bulk heterojunction solar cells
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Synthesis and characterization of catalysts used for the catalytic oxidation of sulfur-containing volatile organic compounds : focus on sulfur-induced deactivation
Crystallographic studies of enzyme stability
Finland's domestic financial system has continued to function well despite the prolonged recession. Short-term risks to the stability of the domestic financial system relate particularly to weaker-than-forecast developments in the Finnish economy and risks developing on the international financial markets..
Safety practices related to small fishing vessel stability
Can the adaptive Metropolis algorithm collapse without the covariance lower bound?
Inflation expectations and regime shifts in the euro area
Living law and political stability in post-Soviet Central Asia : a case study of the Ferghana Valley in Uzbekistan
Monetary policy, expectations and commitment
