http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3074 sewers
sewers
Finnish water services : experiences in global perspective
Sewer processes : microbial and chemical process engineering of sewer networks
Sarlin submersible pumps
Handbook on water treatment
Water services 1997-2001 : evaluation report
Dichogaster bolaui (Michaelsen) (Octochaetidae) - an allochthonous oligochaet invading urban sewer system
Practical manual of land development
Sustainable wastewater network management in Lempäälä Municipality
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1992 = Water supply and sewer systems 1992.
Design of municipal wastewater treatment plants. [Volume 1], [Planning and configuration of wastewater treatment plants]
Introduction to hydraulics and hydrology : with applications for stormwater management
Land drainage and irrigation
Access all areas : a user's guide to the art of urban exploration
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1991 = Water supply and sewer systems 1991.
Thematic report on HELCOM PITF regional workshops held in Poland : status of the Polish [JCP] hot spots
Sewers - Rehabilitation and new construction : repair and renovation
Comparative analysis of Finnish and Russian regulating documents on water supply and drainage of residential buildings
Modelling an upgraded sewerage network for the fast-growing City of Oulu
Sewers : replacement and new construction
"This extensively revised and updated second edition presents major revisions of several chapters, reflecting the theoretical and practical knowledge that has been gained since the publication of the previous edition a decade ago. In addition, it supplies new chapters on advanced modeling of sewer processes and gas phase control. It also includes greatly expanded coverage of odor formation and prediction, as well as of concrete corrosion caused by hydrogen sulfide. The book is written for graduate students, researchers, and industry professionals"--
The waters of Rome : aqueducts, fountains, and the birth of the Baroque city
Viemäreiden sisäpuoliset saneerausmenetelmät = Renovation of drains and sewers with no-dig methods
125 years of life with water : the history of water services in Helsinki
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1993 = Water supply and sewer systems 1993.
Vesihuoltolaitokset 31.12.1987 = Water supply and sewer systems 31.12.1987
The magician : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Business opportunity of municipal sewage sludge treatment in China
Ashes to ashes ... California: The book of Abraham The Mage holds the secret of eternal life - a secret more dangerous than any one man should possess. Dr. John Dee is two pages away from the knowledge that would bring the Dark Elders into ultimate power - and could mean the destruction of the world as we know it. Two people stand in his way: Josh and Sophie Newman. Paris: Time is running out for Nicholas Flamel and his wife Perenelle. Every day they spend without the book, they age one year: their magic becomes weaker and their bodies more frail. Niccolo Machiavelli, immortal author and celebrated art collector, works for Dee and is in hot pursuit of them - Flamel knows there's no time to lose and Sophie must learn about Fire Magic ... Josh and Sophie are the world's only hope. If they don't turn on each other first. – WorldCat.
Wastewater treatment : case study of Långö sewer solution
Assessing illicit drugs in wastewater : potential and limitations of a new monitoring approach
The magician
A study of the water infrastructure of Renaissance Rome. It offers a fresh understanding of how technological and scientific developments in aqueduct and fountain architecture helped turn a medieval backwater into the preeminent city of early modern Europe.
Home plumbing manual
Computer applications in hydraulic engineering : connecting theory to practice
Elements of plumbing
Wastewater engineering : treatment, disposal, and reuse
Water and wastewater technology
Our good health : a history of Dublin's water and drainage
Perceptions of health : water and sanitation problems in rural and urban communities in Nigeria
Water supply and sewerage
Practical hydraulics handbook
Water services management and governance : lessons for a sustainable future
Readers Digest household maintenance & repair manual : expert guidance on maintenance and repairs in the home
