http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p308 mammals
mammals
The mammalian testis
Thailand : The east
Cell Signaling During Mammalian Early Embryo Development
The mammals of Veracruz
On the cutting edge: tooth blade sharpness in herbivorous and faunivorous mammals
Animals of Asia & Australia : a visual encyclopedia of amphibians, reptiles and mammals in the Asian and Australian continents, with over 350 illustrations and photographs
The mammals of Canada
The little brainwaves investigate... ; Animals
Birds, mammals and reptiles of the Galapagos Islands : an identification guide
The book of the tiger : with a chapter on the lion in India
Guide to living mammals
Finding and identifying mammals in Britain
The principles of classification and a classification of mammals
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 3, Structure and function of receptors. Control of reproduction. Physiology. Ethology
Megaherbivores : the influence of very large body size on ecology
Variability of mammals
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries : rodents
Mammal species of the world : a taxonomic and geographic reference
A guide to bats of Britain and Europe
Mammals of the world. Volume 3, a classified bibliography
Fieldbook of Illinois mammals
Incredible creatures
Metabolic regulation in mammals
Catalogue of the mammals of Western Europe (Europe exclusive of Russia) in the collection of the British Museum
Hormones, cells and organisms : the role of hormones in mammals
The amazing animal adventure : An around-the-world spotting expedition
Winter nutritional restriction and simulated body condition of Yellowstone elk and bison before and after the fires of 1988
Deadly predators
Whales
Acta theriologica
The mammals of Iraq
Mammals of the world. Vol. 2
Ultimate wildlife. 3, The raccoon family, the weasel and skunk families, the civet and genet families, the mongoose family
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Temperature regulation in humans and other mammals
The illustrated encyclopedia of mammals
Field guide to Indian mammals
The size of major mammalian sensory organs as measured from cranial characters, and their relation to the biology and evolution of mammals
The life of mammals
Euro-American Mammal Congress, Santiago de Compostela, 19-24 July, 1998 : abstracts
Term list. D1, Nordic mammalia
Whales & dolphins
Manual and dissection guide for mammalian anatomy
Come on an amazing journey around the world, seeking out the weirdest and most wonderful animals! From the heights of the Himalayas to the deepest depths of the Pacific ocean, explore these 21 exciting places and meet the animals who live in them. Visit the jungle caves of Borneo, the Australian outback, the Arctic ice floes and many, many more!
Bats of Britain and Europe
The rise of the mammals
Whales and dolphins
Polyandry and its effect on male and female fitness
Children's encyclopedia : dinosaurs and prehistoric life
American mammals : their lives, habits, and economic relations
Big five of Africa
Mammals of the world. Volume 2
Focus on mammals
National Geographic prehistoric mammals
Journal of mammalogy
Milk : the biology of lactation
Mammals of the world. Volume 1
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 2, Phylogeny and speciation. Taxonomy and zoogeography. Morphology. Museum collections
Fauna of the USSR : mammals. Key to rodents
Mesocarnivores of Northeastern North America : status and conservation issues
Proceedings from the Symposium on the Seals in the Baltic and Eurasian Lakes, June 5-8, 1984, Savonlinna, Finland. Part 1, Seals in the Baltic
Scaling and modelling of the mammalian middle ear
Whales, dolphins and porpoises
A guide to the Rudolph F. Zallinger mural The age of mammals in the Peabody Museum of Natural History Yale University
The encyclopedia of animals : a complete visual guide
Mating males : an evolutionary perspective on mammalian reproduction
Ethology of mammals
Mammals of the Yukon Territory
Physiology : series one. Vol. 7, Environmental physiology
The handbook of British mammals
Wild baby animals
Tundra-Taiga biology : human, plant, and animal survival in the Artic
The life of the shrew
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 1, Congress report, plenary lectures, final list of participants
The Kingdon pocket guide to African mammals
My favourite animal families
Mammals of Eastern Europe and Northern Asia. Vol. 2, Carnivora (Fissipedia)
Introduced mammals of the world : their history, distribution and influence
Molecular ecology of marine mammals
Membrane Potential Imaging in the Nervous System and Heart
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. 7, Rodents
The grizzlies of Mount McKinley
"After drawing its first breath every newborn mammal turns his or her complete attention to obtaining milk. This simple act was once thought to stem from a basic fact - milk provides the initial source of calories and nutrients for all mammalian young. That truth, however, is only a piece of the story. Milk, it turns out, is an extremely complex biochemical cocktail. The authors of this fascinating book, biologists Michael L. Power and Jay Schulkin, reveal milk's ancient history and show how the ingredients of mother's milk have evolved over many mammalian generations. Power and Schulkin walk us through the evolutionary origins of the mammary gland and describe the incredible diversification of milk among the various mammalian lineages, culminating in a discussion of the history of humans and milk. Once the roots of lactation are revealed, the authors describe the long list of substances that naturally occur in milk. They discuss all of the biological functions of milk - functions that reach far beyond being a baby's first food. Mothers, it turn out, pass along numerous biochemical signals to their babies through milk. The authors describe how milk boosts an infant's immune system, affects an infant's metabolism and physiology, and even helps inoculate and feed the baby's gut microbiome. Throughout the book the authors weave in stories from studies of other species, explaining how comparative research sheds light on human lactation. The authors then turn their attention to the fascinating topic of cross-species milk consumption"--
List of Danish vertebrates
Mammals of the world. Vol. 1
Endocrine disrupting chemicals
Deadly factbook. Mammals
Evolutionary conflicts in a small mammal : behavioural, physiological and genetic differences between the sexes
Play, exploration and territory in mammals : (the proceedings of a symposium held at the Zoological Society of London on 19 and 20 November 1965)
A check list and atlas of the mammals of Botswana
Term list : version 931020-UCL. D1, Nordic mammalia
Body size in mammalian paleobiology : Estimation and biological implications
Restrictions in the proliferative potential of inner ear hair cells and supporting cells
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Vol. 6, Rodents
A field guide to the mammals of South-East Asia
A field guide to the mammals of Botswana
Deadly animals : savage encounters between man and beast
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Vol. 5, Rodents
The complete guide to Antarctic wildlife : birds and marine mammals of the Antarctic continent and the Southern Ocean
Mammal evolution : an illustrated guide
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 4, Ecology. Management and protection of mammal populations
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Rodents
Everything you need to know about animals
Monogamy : mating strategies and partnerships in birds, humans and other mammals
Twilight of the mammoths : ice age extinctions and the rewilding of America
Transcription associated recombination in mammalian cells
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Field guide to the larger mammals of Africa
Pohjolan eläimet : nisäkkäät : puuhakirja = The mammals of the North : coloring and activity book
Southern Africa : South Africa, Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe, Swaziland, Lesotho, and Southern Mozambique
Eurasian large mammal dynamics in response to changing environments during the Late Neogene
Walker's mammals of the world. Vol. 2
Mighty giants of the wild
"After drawing its first breath, every newborn mammal turns his or her complete attention to obtaining milk. This primal act was once thought to stem from a basic fact: milk provides the initial source of calories and nutrients for all mammalian young. But it turns out that milk is a much more complicated biochemical cocktail and provides benefits beyond nutrition. In this fascinating book, biologists Michael L. Power and Jay Schulkin reveal this liquid's evolutionary history and show how its ingredients have changed over many millions of years to become a potent elixir. Power and Schulkin walk readers through the early origins of the mammary gland and describe the incredible diversification of milk among the various mammalian lineages. After revealing the roots of lactation, the authors describe the substances that naturally occur in milk and discuss their biological functions. They reveal that mothers pass along numerous biochemical signals to their babies through milk. The authors explain how milk boosts an infant's immune system, affects an infant's metabolism and physiology, and helps inoculate and feed the baby's gut microbiome. Throughout the book, the authors weave in stories from studies of other species, explaining how comparative research sheds light on human lactation. The authors then turn their attention to the fascinating topic of cross-species milk consumption--something only practiced by certain humans who evolved an ability to retain lactase synthesis into adulthood. The first book to discuss milk from a comparative and evolutionary perspective, Power and Schulkin's masterpiece reveals the rich biological story of the common thread that connects all mammals"--
The population ecology of cycles in small mammals : mathematical theory and biological fact
Survival of the fattest - leptin, melatonin, thyroxine and seasonal adaptation of mammals
Collins guide to the rare mammals of the world
Fauna of USSR : mammals. Vol. 1/no. 2, Musk deer and deer
The book considers signaling events from the zygote embryo through to the blastocyst with relevant data from embryonic stem (ES) cells, including dialogue with the extracellular environment and with the maternal tract during the implantation process. Application of the knowledge described to improve the success of human and animal assisted conception is considered where appropriate, but the focus is largely on fundamental rather than applied cell/molecular biology, as this is the area that has historically been neglected. While the general features of metabolism during preimplantation development are well established, especially in terms of nutrient requirements, uptake and fate, remarkably little is known about early embryo signaling events, intracellular or intercellular, between individual embryos in vitro or with the female reproductive tract in vivo. This contrasts with the wealth of information on cell signaling in somatic cells and tissues, as a glance at any textbook of biochemistry illustrates. This lack of information is such that our understanding of the molecular cell biology of early embryos -- a prerequisite to defining the mechanisms which regulate development at this critical stage of the life cycle -- is seriously incomplete. This volume is the first to address this issue by describing the current state of knowledge on cell signaling during mammalian early embryo development and highlighting priority areas for research.
The Usborne first encyclopedia of animals
Manual for laboratory work in mammalian physiology
Effects of phytoestrogens on the reproduction and weight regulation of mammals
Cell culture and upstream processing
Role and function of nonmuscle alpha-actinin-1 and -4 in regulating distinct subcategories of actin stress fibers in mammalian cells
Elsevier's dictionary of mammals : in Latin, English, German, French, and Italian
Mammalian dispersal patterns : the effects of social structure on population genetics
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 5, Rodent ecology. Applied theriology. Insectivores. Bats
On evolution and fossil mammals
Field guide to mammals of Southern Africa
A guide to Eastern Canadian mammals
Early mammals
Nisäkäshavaintoja Lounais-Hämeestä 1990-luvulla = Observations on mammals in South-West Häme in the 1990`s
Animal : [the definitive visual guide to the world's wildlife]
The mammals of Britain and Europe
First encyclopedia of animals
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Vol. 4, Rodents
Mice, men, and elephants
4000 things you should know about animals
Sea mammals of the world
Mammals, reptiles & amphibians of Britain & Europe
This volume discusses membrane potential imaging in the nervous system and in the heart and modern optical recording technology. Additionally, it covers organic and genetically-encoded voltage-sensitive dyes; membrane potential imaging from individual neurons, brain slices, and brains in vivo; optical imaging of cardiac tissue and arrhythmias; bio-photonics modelling . This is an expanded and fully-updated second edition, reflecting all the recent advances in this field. Twenty chapters, all authored by leading names in the field, are cohesively structured into four sections. The opening section focuses on the history and principles of membrane potential imaging and lends context to the following sections, which examine applications in single neurons, networks, large neuronal populations, and the heart. Topics discussed include population membrane potential signals in development of the vertebrate nervous system, use of membrane potential imaging from dendrites and axons, and depth-resolved optical imaging of cardiac activation and repolarization. The final section discusses the potential – and limitations – for new developments in the field, including new technology such as non-linear optics, advanced microscope designs, and genetically encoded voltage sensors. Membrane Potential Imaging in the Nervous System and Heart is ideal for neurologists, electrophysiologists, cardiologists, and those who are interested in the applications and the future of membrane potential imaging.
The age of mammals
Likely consequences of forest management on terrestrial, forest-dwelling vertebrates in Oregon
Mammals in the seas. Vol. 4, Small cetaceans, seals, sirenians and otters
The mammals of Botswana
Classification of mammals above the species level
Variation in mammalian populations : (the proceedings of a Symposium held at the Zoological Society of London on 14 and 15 November, 1969)
Effects of offshore petroleum operations on cold water marin mammals : a literature review
Laboratory studies in mammalian anatomy
The Complete Illustrated Thorburn's Mammals
Mammoths, sabertooths, and hominids : 65 million years of mammalian evolution in Europe
European mammals : proceedings of the I European Congress of Mammalogy
Walker's mammals of the world
Predicting the major terrestrial biomes by the structures of mammalian communities
Dinosaurs : a children's encyclopedia
Heritage of the Russian Arctic : research, conservation, and international co-operation : proceedings of the International Scientific Willem Barents Memorial Arctic Conservation Symposium, held in Moscow, Russia, 10-14 March 1998
Jamaican food
Introduction to environmental physiology : environmental extremes and mammalian survival
Dolphins & whales
National Geographic book of mammals
In the ocean : a touch-and-feel adventure
Atlas of mammalian chromosomes
