http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3091 income security
income security
Maintenance after divorce
The Veto Programme 2003-2007 : national action programme on extending working life, well-being at work and rehabilitation
Welfare, work, and well-being
Lone-parent families in Finland : labour force participation, income and family-policy support
The right and the welfare state
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven European countries. Report 2, Recipients and social assistance dependency
Trends in social protection in Finland 2003.
What is the cost of living? : reference budgets for a decent minimum standard of living in Finland
Stumbling towards basic income : the prospects for tax-benefit integration
Unemployment and economic hardship : a combined macro- and micro-level analysis of the relationship between unemployment and means-tested social assistance in Sweden
Finnish social protection in 2002.
Trends in social protection in Finland 2005-2006
Social protection in the EU - a post-state, post-welfare ambition?
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Underutilized Plants for Food Security, Nuitrition, Income and Sustainability Development : Arusha, Tanzania, March 3-6, 2008.. Vol. 1
The Elderly and Survival : Understanding the circumstances of surviving among the elderly people of Kom in the Northwest Province of Cameroon
Abstract: The poor in diaconal work.
Getting by in postsocialist Romania : labor, the body, & working-class culture
A comparative study on last resort social assistance schemes in six European countries
Social position of artists in Finland
Summary.
Public and private social policy : health and pension policies in a new era
Assessing local minimum income programmes in Brazil : ILO - World Bank agreement
Need and care : glimpses into the beginnings of Eastern Europe's professional welfare
Vital minimum : need, science, and politics in modern France
Perspectives on welfare : ideas, ideologies, and policy debates
Toimeentulotuki 1996 = Utkomststöd 1996 = Living allowance 1996.
Family and social policy in Japan : anthropological approaches
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 1, Contexts
Stigma and social welfare
The battle against exclusion. 2, Social assistance in Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Netherlands and Norway
The cost of cuts : studies on cutbacks in soscial security and their effects in the Finland of the 1990s
Toimeentulotuki 1995 = Utkomststöd 1995 = Living allowance 1995.
Social assistance in Finland
Rural development in Swat, Pakistan : understanding food and livelihood security in post-conflict contexts
Social protection for dependency in old age in the 15 EU member states and Norway : synthesis report commissioned by the European Commission and the Belgian Minister of Social Affairs
The threat effect of mandatory programme participation in Finland : a study of activation reform of the labour market support system
Unemployment benefits and social assistance in seven European countries : a comparative study
Minimum income models in Europe
Making the work-based safety net work better : forward-looking policies to help low-income families
Poor relief or poor deal? : the social fund, safety nets and social security
The European face of social security : essays in honour of Herman Deleeck
Changing lives and the role of income support : a study carried out on behalf of the Department of Social Security
Basic income : freedom from poverty, freedom to work
Economic security for a better world
OECD reviews of labour market and social policies : Slovenia
Creative Europe : on governance and management of artistic creativity in Europe
The finnish perspective on the last resort support for subsistence
Saving social security : a balanced approach
Widows and dependent wives : from social problem to federal program
Services integration for children and youth at risk and their families : the case of Finland
The great divestiture : evaluating the welfare impact of the British privatizations, 1979-1997
The handbook of European welfare systems
Work and welfare benefits
Do you want to work in another EU Member State? : find out about your rights! : Update 2007
The Finnish employment and income security models in a Nordic comparison
Trends in social protection in Finland 2004.
Transforming disability into ability : policies to promote work and income security for disabled people
Balancing social citizenship and new paternalism : Finnish activation policy and street-level practice in a comparative perspective
The law of social security
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 4, Activation policies in the context of social assistance
"This book celebrates Professor Pauli Kettunen on his sixtieth birthday. In Pauli Kettunen's scholarship as well as in this collection, history meets social sciences in a manner that render distinctions between the two unnecessary. This book challenges simplistic views to history as 'a background' or 'development', opening up sophisticated perspectives to many up-to-date debates on, for instance, nationalism and globalization or the Nordic welfare models."--Takakansi.
Applying minimum income in Brazil : two case studies
The poor in England, 1700-1850 : an economy of makeshifts
Setting adequacy standards : how governments define minimum incomes
Characteristics of the social security system in Finland
Benefits and wages : OECD indicators
Public transfers and private help : support networks of marginalised and poor individuals in Sweden in the 1990s
Evolution of social protection in the European Member States and the European Economic Area
What is the cost of living? : references budgets for a decent minimum standard of livin in Finland
Western welfare in decline : globalization and women's poverty
Redesigning distribution : basic income and stakeholder grants as alternative cornerstones for a more egalitarian capitalism
Abstract. - Abstract in Finnish. - Abstract in Swedish
Social security for teachers
Poverty in plenty : a human development report for the UK
States, markets, families : gender, liberalism, and social policy in Australia, Canada, Great Britain, and the United States
Free movement of persons within the European Community : cross-border access to public benefits
Commercial aquaculture and economic growth, poverty alleviation and food security : assessment framework
Multi-layered historicity of the present : approaches to social science history
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
The bureaucrat and the poor : encounters in French welfare offices
At the margins of the welfare state : social assistance and the alleviation of poverty in Germany, Sweden, and the United Kingdom
Introduction to social work and social welfare : empowering people
Evolution of social protection in the European member states and the European economic area
Social security in Finland
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Finnish social protection in 2003.
American dream : three women, ten kids, and a nation's drive to end welfare
Summary in Finnish. - Summary in Swedish
The battle against exclusion : social assistance in Australia, Finland, Sweden and the United Kingdom
Social policy in a developing world
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Working families : a comparative study of economic activity amongst lone parents in Ireland and Finland
Reforming agricultural policies : quantitative restrictions on production : direct income support
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 3, How generous social assistance schemes are? : a comparative analysis of benefit levels
The ethics and economics of the basic income guarantee
