http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3090 social insurance
social insurance
Pricing the priceless : a health care conundrum
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Left of center : European labor since World War II
Social security, household and family dynamics in ageing societies
Handbook of insurance
Conclusion (s. 186-197).
Your social security rights when moving within the European Union : a practical guide
From poverty to prosperity to austerity? : a theoretical discussion about drivers, patterns, and conditions in relation to European welfare state reforms
National insurance and social service for everyman
Atiyah's Accidents, compensation and the law
Creating the welfare state : the political economy of twentieth-century reform
The economics of an aging society
Co-ordinating work-based and residence-based social security
Pro-welfare politics : a model for changes in European welfare states
Studies on social insurance, income taxation and labor supply
State or corporations : trends of pension policy in Scandinavia
Migration and social protection in China
Social security in the Nordic countries : scope, expenditure and financing 1984.
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Sweden : on the way from standard to basic security?
The new financial order : risk in the 21st century
Norwegian social law
Social protection for the informal sector and the informally employed in Vietnam : literature and data review
The politics of universalism : the case of Finnish sickness insurance
The political economy of pension reform : Latin America in comparative perspective
Medical responsibility in Western Europe : research study of the European Science Foundation
Social security in Lithuania : a review
The politics of social risk : business and welfare state development
Social security in Finland 1989 and 1990.
Old age consumption and pension policy in a two-tier developing economy
Public finance and public policy
Fighting poverty : comparative studies on social insurance, means-tested benefits and income redistribution
Prevention and social insurance : conceptual and ethical aspects
Abstract (1 s.).
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1994 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1994 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution, Finland 1994.
Incentives in social insurance
Social insurance, organization and hospital care
Pension policies and public debt in dynamic CGE models
Social security in the 21st century
Responding to changing needs : developments and trends in social security throughout the world 1990-1992. Report 1, 24th General Assembly, Acapulco, 22 November - 1 December 1992
The Social Insurance Institution's role in the Finnish pensions system
Effects of changing government policies on sickness absence behaviour
Introduction to European social security law
Social insurance (pensions and health), labour markets and coverage in Latin America
Report by the Somera Committee
Communicating justice providing legitimacy : the legal practices of Swedish administrative courts in cases regarding sickness cash benefit
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Social protection in Europe. 1993
The Swiss social security : basic principles and structure
The law of social security
Pension reform in six countries : what can we learn from each other?
Summary and conclusion (s. 67-70).
Social security in Lithuania: a review
Social insurance
Prospects for social insurance and private employee benefit plans : keynote lecture
Private welfare insurance and social security : pushing the boundaries
Social Security in the 21st century
Social citizenship and work in welfare states : comparative studies on convergence and on gender
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Should old-age benefits be earnings-tested?
The Swiss way of welfare : lessons for the Western world
Proceedings of the 6th Workshop on the European Geotraverse (EGT) project
Essays on sharing, management and evaluation of health risks
Five decades of social security : The Social Insurance Institution of Finland 1937-1987
The effects of the size of the public sector on fertility
Public economics in action : the basic income/flat tax proposal
Narratives and numbers : politics in the making of sickness insurance in Finland
British unemployment 1919-1939 : a study in public policy
Risk, uncertainty and government
Social insurance and economic security
China's old-age insurance in the urban-rural dual structure
Who's to benefit? : a radical review of the social security system
Compensation for personal injury in a comparative perspective
A health economics primer
The Social Insurance Institution pocket statistics
Health financing mechanisms, access to health and economic growth
"In Pricing the Priceless, Joseph Newhouse explains the different pricing systems and how they affect resource allocation and efficiency. All pricing arrangements, he explains, involve trade-offs. The advantages of more inclusive bases of payment, for example, may be offset by incentives for providers to select good risks or to stint on the delivery of services."--BOOK JACKET.
On the redistributive effect of upper benefit limits in Bismarckian social insurance
Comparison, measurement, and economization : the origin of the retirement age of 65 in Finland
Sick of being unemployed? : interactions between unemployment and sickness insurance in Sweden
Technical assistance to Mongolia for administrative reform of social insurance
The Finnish approach
Law in Eastern Europe. No. 1
Wealth and welfare states : is America a laggard or leader?
Social security in an overlapping generations model
The politics of social rights : studies on the dimensions of sickness insurance in OECD countries
The problems and prospects faced by pay-as-you-go pension systems : a case study of Greece
Problems of social security and development in a developing country : a study of the indigenous systems and the colonial influence on the conventional schemes in Nigeria
Social security and health promotion - networking for future wellbeing = Seminars "Sociala drosiba un veselibas veicinasana - sadarbiba nakotnes labklajibai" : seminar held at Jekabpils, Latvia 16-17 September 1999
English abstract.
In good times and in bad : immigrants, self-employment and social insurances
Evaluating social programs : active labor market policies and social insurance
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1993 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1993 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution 1993. 1993.
Finnish national reports to the Eighth international congress for labour law and social legislation, Selva di Fasano, 1974
Social insurance in Europe
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
True security : rethinking American social insurance
Social insurance studies
Dynamics of deprivation
Social insurance in Finland
Actuarial fair pension reform: postponed retirement and redistribution of pension wealth : evidence from Belgium, Finland, Germany and Spain
Student loans : the next steps
Emergence and structuring of social insurance institutions : comparative studies on social policy and unemployment insurance
Special issue on 50 years of European social security coordination
The economics of unemployment insurance
Social security in Finland
Uncertain business : risk, insurance, and the limits of knowledge
Introduction to labor
Disabled policy : America's programs for the handicapped : a twentieth century fund report
Social security and health promotion - networking for future wellbeing = Seminārs "Sociālā drosība un veselības veicināsana - sadarbība nākotnes labklājībai" : seminar held at Jekabpils, Latvia 16-17 September 1999
Poverty and state support
Socialism and science
Social policy in the modern world : a comparative text
Sosiaalimenot vuonna 1987 = Socialutgifterna år 1987 = Social security expenditure in 1987.
Older and out of work : jobs and social insurance for a changing economy
50-vuotias KELA sosiaaliturvalaitoksena = Social Insurance Institution - fifty years of social insurance
Summary: Medicine prices and costs to the social security system.
The divided welfare state : the battle over public and private social benefits in the United States
