http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p309 vertebrates
vertebrates
Venomous animals and their venoms. Vol. 2, Venomous vertebrates
Comparative vertebrate reproduction
Evolution of the vertebrates : a history of the backboned animals through time
"Every paper was examined by at least two reviewers, and acceptance was based on their recommendations. Papers covered a wide variety of topics, including systematics, anatomy biogeography, and paleoecology. There were two new fossil taxa described in the volume to honor Dave Webb and his contributions to vertebrate paleontology. Most papers centered on Florida and the southeastern United States, although several were based on faunas from the western United States, Central America and South America" -- Pref.
Comparative dental occlusal morphology, facet development, and microwear in two sympatric species of Listriodon (mammalia Suidae) from the middle miocene of western Anatolia (Turkey)
Catalogue of late Quaternary vertebrates from Utah
A laboratory manual of vertebrate embryology : anatomy of selected embryos of the frog, chick, and pig
Comparative vertebrate endocrinology
Predator-prey relationships : perspectives and approaches from the study of lower vertebrates
The physiological ecology of vertebrates : a view from energetics
The red data book of New Zealand : Rare and endangered species of endemic terrestrial vertebrates and vascular plants
Food habits of, and diets for invertebrates and vertebrates - zoo diets
Great transformations in vertebrate evolution
Evolution of the vertebrate auditory system
The terrestrial environment and the origin of land vertebrates : proceedings of an international symposium held at the university of Newcastle upon Tyne
"This book provides a hands-on introduction to the construction and application of models to studies of vertebrate distribution, abundance, and habitat. The book is aimed at field biologists, conservation planners, and advanced undergraduate and postgraduate students who are involved with planning and analyzing conservation studies, and applying the results to conservation decisions. The book also acts as a bridge to more advanced and mathematically challenging coverage in the scientific literature."--BOOK JACKET.
Late Permian terrestrial vertebrates, U.S.A. and U.S.S.R.
Atlas of endocrine organs : vertebrates and invertebrates
List of Irish vertebrate animals : for the compilation of local lists
Likely consequences of forest management on terrestrial, forest-dwelling vertebrates in Oregon
Paleontology and geology of the Leisey Shell Pits, Early Pleistocene of Florida. Pt. 1
The ontogeny of vertebrate behavior
The kingdom of rarities
Vertebrate flight : mechanics, physiology, morphology, ecology and evolution
Structure and habit in vertebrate evolution
The chordates
Index catalogue of parasites of Philippine vertebrates
Cenozoic vertebrates of the Americas : papers to honor S. David Webb
The Downtonian and Devonian vertebrates of Spitsbergen
Major events in early vertebrate evolution : palaeontology, phylogeny, genetics and development
Geology and vertebrate paleontology of western and southern North America : contributions in honor of David P. Whistler
Keys to the nematode parasites of vertebrates : archival volume
Losing strands in the web of life : vertebrate declines and the conservation of biological diversity
An introduction to the literature of vertebrate zoology : based chiefly on the titles in the Blacker library of zoology, the Emma Shearer Wood library of ornithology, the Bibliotheca Osleriana and other libraries of McGill University, Montreal
Laboratory studies of vertebrate and invertebrate embryos : guide and atlas of descriptive and experimental development
Vertebrate history: problems in evolution
Vertebrate sex chromosomes
Brain and intelligence in vertebrates
The phylogeny of vertebrata
Diversity and limits of colour vision in terrestrial vertebrates
Follistatin in developing mammalian tissues and cultured human granulosa cells
Monitoring vertebrate populations
The dissection of vertebrates : a laboratory manual
On the track of unknown animals
Naturalized reptiles and amphibians of the world
Morphogenesis of the vertebrates
Tributes to Malcolm C. McKenna : his students, his legacy
Mammals of the Rio Juruá and the evolutionary and ecological diversification of Amazonia
Amphibians and reptiles
Development of vertebrates
The body
Analysis of vertebrate structure
Laboratory manual of vertebrate embryology
The origin and evolution of mammals
The central nervous system of vertebrates
The smaller majority : the hidden world of the animals that dominate the tropics
The vertebrate body
Vertebrate structures and functions : readings from Scientific American
Luoteis-Lapin selkärankaiset = Vertebrates of northwestern Lapland
Chordate structure and function
The terrestrial vertebrate fauna of the area of lake Tolvajärvi, Suojärvi district, Republic of Karelia
Laboratory manual for vertebrate physiology
The vertebrate story : fourth revised and enlarged edition of Romer's famous Man and the vertebrates
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 6, Somatosensation
Comparative studies of hearing in vertebrates
Vertebrate paleontology and evolution
Molecular and functional characterization of vertebrate brain histamine and histamine receptors
Colour atlas of vertebrate anatomy : an integrated text and dissection guide
Long-term studies of vertebrate communities
Primordial immunity : foundations for the verterbrate immune system
Summary.
Nouragues : dynamics and plant-animal interactions in a neotropical rainforest
When you look out your window, why are you so much more likely to see a robin or a sparrow than a Kirtland's warbler or a California condor? Why are some animals naturally rare and others so abundant? The quest to find and study seldom-seen jaguars and flamboyant Andean cocks-of-the-rock is as alluring to naturalists as it is vitally important to science. From the Himalayan slopes of Bhutan to the most isolated mountain ranges of New Guinea, The Kingdom of Rarities takes us to some of the least-traveled places on the planet to catch a glimpse of these unique animals and many others. As he shares stories of these species, Eric Dinerstein gives readers a deep appreciation of their ecological importance and the urgency of protecting all types of life the uncommon and abundant alike. An eye-opening tour of the rare and exotic, The Kingdom of Rarities offers us a new understanding of the natural world, one that places rarity at the center of conservation biology. Looking at real-time threats to biodiversity, from climate change to habitat fragmentation, and drawing on his long and distinguished scientific career, Dinerstein offers readers fresh insights into fascinating questions about the science of rarity and unforgettable experiences from the field.
The microsporidia of vertebrates
Embryological and morphological studies on the mid-brain and cerebellum of vertebrates
Topics in functional and ecological vertebrate morphology : a tribute to Frits De Vree
Venomous animals and their venoms. Vol. 1, Venomous vertebrates
Skeletons : an inside look at animals
Social behaviour in vertebrates
The Marshall illustrated encyclopedia of animals
Rise and fall of epithelial phenotype : concepts of epithelial-mesenchymal transition
Hemoglobin function in vertebrates : molecular adaptation in extreme and temperate environments
Analysis of vertebrate populations
Primate anatomy : an introduction
Physiological adaptations in vertebrates : respiration, circulation, and metabolism
Quantitative conservation of vertebrates
What your fossils can tell you : vertebrate morphology, pathology, and cultural modification
Functional anatomy of the vertebrates : an evolutionary perspective
Protein facts : fibrous proteins in cultural and natural history artifacts
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 13, comparative physiology vols. 1-2
Nematode parasites of vertebrates : their development and transmission
The comparative anatomy of the nervous system of vertebrates, including man
The life of vertebrates
Late Quaternary vertebrate faunas of the Lesser Antilles : historical components of Caribbean biogeography
Sensory evolution on the threshold : adaptations in secondarily aquatic vertebrates
Handbook of vertebrate immunology
The vertebrate body : shorter version
The evolution of vertebrate design
Vertebrate pest control, January 1979 - April 1989 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Wildlife damage control
Paleontology and geology of the Leisey Shell Pits, Early Pleistocene of Florida. Pt. 2
Controlling vertebrate pests in museums
Before the backbone
Patterns and processes of vertebrate evolution
Vertebrates : comparative anatomy, function, evolution
Comparative anatomy of vertebrates
Predation in vertebrate communities : the Białowieza Primeval Forest as a case study
Feeding : form, function, and evolution in tetrapod vertebrates
On the tooth-bearing bone element in the lower jaw of some primitive recent teleostean fishes
Hearing mechanisms in vertebrates : a Ciba foundation symposium
Dissection of the frog
Insects and wildlife : arthropods and their relationships with wild vertebrate animals
Vertebrates of Inari Lapland
Comparative vertebrate anatomy
Mucosal intestinal immunity and response to parasite infections in ectothermic vertebrates
Nectaries and nectar
Man and the vertebrates
Comparative anatomy of the vertebrates
Vertebrates : structures and functions
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 3, Audition
Comparative vertebrate histology
