http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3103 life insurance
life insurance
Personal accident, life and other insurances
The appeal of insurance
Life insurance and the democratic state : the Barbara Weinstock lecture on the morals of trade delivered at the University of California, Berkeley, April 22, 1941
Insurance : community measures adopted or proposed : situation as at March 1990
Customer-driven services management
Policy issues in insurance : investment, taxation, insolvency
Insuring security : biopolitics, security, and risk
Stochastic models for life insurance mathematics
Life and health insurance behaviour of individuals having undergone a predictive genetic testing programme for hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer
Morals and markets : the development of life insurance in the United States
Vakuutusyhtiöt : = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2007
Death benefit
A primer on accounting models for long-duration life insuance contracts under U.S. GAAP
Double indemnity : Nainen ilman omaatuntoa
Uncertain business : risk, insurance, and the limits of knowledge
Houseman and Davies law of life assurance
Life after death : the diffusion of Swedish life insurance - dynamics of financial and social modernization 1830-1950
Executive summary (s. 9-13).
How to plan your financial security
The Appeal of Insurance traces the ways in which insurance, over the past three centuries, has grown in concert with a clientele largely of its own making. Drawing on the fields of history, sociology, criminology and economics, these essays break new ground in insurance studies by illuminating the dialectical relationship between the expansion of the insurance business and the public demand for economic and social security."--pub. desc.
The Equitable life assurance society of the United States 1859-1964
Deregulation of life insurance markets in Finland and consumer decision making
Structuring the information age : life insurance and technology in the twentieth century
Damages for non-pecuniary loss in a comparative perspective
Life insurance law in international perspective : reports from an international colloquium Hässelby Slott, Stockholm, September 18-22, 1967
Betting on lives : the culture of life insurance in England, 1695-1775
Risk classification in life insurance
Reforming the insurance market in Russia
Vakuutusyhtiöt = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2005
Essays on sharing, management and evaluation of health risks
"Insurance today is a global economic colossus and a fixture in the developed countries of the world. Dependant upon a considerable dose of moral exhortation and enlightened appeal, the insurance industry has become a pervasive agent of social and economic control through its delineation of acceptable (compensated) and unacceptable (uncompensated) risk.
Strategic management and marketing strategy in insurance companies : case: China Life Insurance Company Limited in Shifang
Factors influencing a life insurance market : Estonia as an example
Savings bank life insurance
Medical selection of life risks
