http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3101 offices
offices
The office premises of the Mankola campus moving to the IT Dynamo facilities
Planning the office landscape
Lean in the office : visual management
Office of the President of the Republic of Estonia
Where we work : creative office spaces
The style of coworking : contemporary shared workplaces
Manage an office : planning and creating a successful workplace
The implementation of a green office at JAMK : case: Dynamo campus
Workplace and language : constructing the user experience of office space
This thesis investigates possibilities to design an improved product for self-rescue from fires to help to reduce the number of deaths caused by fire. The work was commissioned by a product design company "Meso" based in Glasgow, United Kingdom. The primary idea was to design a survival kit for offices. The first thing to study was what kind of product would meet the needs of the market. The project started by researching the available products on the market, fires and human behaviour in emergencies. The Internet, different articles and interviews were used as an information source. The definition of product design was created based on the research to pinpoint the limitations of the design process. The background investigation revealed a market gap for a small easy to use product of good quality. It also showed that the product does not require other accessories except carbon monoxide filter and goggles with a safety colour head strap. The product was designed into a foldable, compact and easy to use package. The design was carried out using sketch models and Computer Aided Design (CAD). The prototype was made using 3D printing technology. The future of the project would require more developing and testing of the prototype and further manufacturing and commercializing of the final product.
The environmental impact of an office building throughout its life cycle
New homeoffice design
Understanding offices : what every manager needs to know about office buildings
Workspheres : design and contemporary work styles
Office location in a post-industrial urban environment
Space planning for commercial office interiors
Commercial space : office furniture
Offices of the future
The other office : creative workplace design
International interiors : [workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings]. 5, Workspaces, offices& studios, shops, reataurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings
User acceptance studies for LED office lighting : light spectrum and correlated colour temperature
Roles of travel agencies of Nepal in promoting ecotourism
How to improve customer loyalty in European Online Travel Agencies in the leisure segment
Brand Awareness Study in Jyväskylä : for Wulff Oy Ab
Creating a stress-free office
Office environment, health and job satisfaction : an explorative study of office design's influence
Bud's Instruction Manual: learn more then the basics about janitorial floor maintenance carpet cleaning office cleaning and more
Tears of the giraffe
The inspired workspace : designs for creativity and productivity
Business Plan for PG World Agency
The good husband of zebra drive
The good husband of Zebra Drive
A regional representation in Brussels : the right idea for influencing EU policy-making? = Une représentation régionale à Bruxelles : un choix judicieux pour influer sur l'élaboration de la politique européenne?
Workforce : a better place to work 2
Home office
Käsityöläiskylä data-hobbiteille = An artisan village for data hobbits
Young People as a Customer Segment for Travel Agency Services
Future office : design, practice, and applied research
Humidification and perceived indoor air quality in the office environment
Information technology  -  office equipment accessibility guidelines for elderly persons and persons with disabilities
Tulevaisuuden toimisto - missä olet? = The office of the future - where are you?
Work! : Best of office design
Feng shui and harmonious living : balance the energies of your house, mind and body with ancient techniques and the wisdom of ages
The Kalahari typing school for men
The architect's office
Plant layout and facility planning
Digital marketing plan for a news agency
Good lighting for offices and office buildings
Inventing the Pinkertons or, Spies, sleuths, mercenaries, and thugs : being a story of the nation's most famous (and infamous) detective agency
Office spaces : 1000 inspirational ideas
Energy efficient lighting systems in buildings with integrated photovoltaics
Functional analysis of office requirements : a multiperspective approach
A study of the factors that attract job seekers to professional service firms : implications for employer branding
Small offices = Petits bureaux = Kleine büros
Law Company ERP Software Market Analysis of St. Petersburg and Stockholm - CASE: CSI Helsinki Oy
The other office 2: creative worldplace design
The green office : how to live well, be green and make a difference
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
Supporting Sustainability through Recycling on Office Premises
Analysis of a new product package for a travel agency
Layout, or the physical organization of people, materials and machines within a workplace, is at the very heart of productivity. This book will enable creation of new productive layouts quickly and smoothly. Plant layout and facility planning are closely associated in industrial and commercial enterprises, and affect operating efficiency and productivity now and in the future. Layout chapters focus on product flow, space utilization, and functional relationships; facility planning chapters address strategy for and how to achieve relocation, growth, consolidation, site search, a campus. Chapters explain what and why, and list actions to create productive layouts quickly and smoothly within the physical constraints of the facility. They improve project management by highlighting which practices to utilize and which missteps to avoid, and extend the technical capabilities of your staff. Facility layouts and floor plans tend to be replaced infrequently, because a revision can be expensive and cause disruption as it is installed. Better get it right.
The office : 2. tuotantokausi
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish consulting company) to Berlin, German Market : developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
The European office : office design and national context
Office spaces. Vol. 1, A pictorial review
Calm working spaces
ATL Arkkitehtitoimistot : 2013-2014 : jäsenet = members = ATL Architects' offices
The green office manual : a guide to responsible practice
Japanese interior design
Nikolayeff building Helsinki 1913.
Language and power in the office
Learning from experiences with energy management of commercial buildings
The office. Season four
Think in colour : Hugo Puttaert : Visionandfactory
Performance measurement of workplace change : in two different cultural contexts
Design secrets : office spaces
Breathe : everyone has to do it
The consulting process as drama : learning from King Lear
The double comfort safari club
Creating a Business Plan for a Start-up Business Consultancy in Namibia
Corporate interiors. 2
Subjective preference of light colour and LED lighting
Marketing plan for travel agency Ven-Fin Tour Oy
Students as a marketing segment for travel agencies
Servant x service. 1
Developing a business plan for a travel agency : case company: Scandic info
The office idea book : creative solutions that work
Offices
Service quality in package tour to Vietnam : travel agencies perspective
Finnish Co-operative Society (SOK) office Oulu 1937-1938
The office
Blue shoes and happiness
The effectiveness of poster marketing for a small travel agency : Case: Banaanimatkat
Recent developments affecting salaried employees and professional workers : Committee on Salaried Employees and Professional Workers, tenth session, Geneva, 1994
Facilities planning and design
Designing a Booking System for Media Agency Use
Tea time for the traditionally built
Tomorrow's office : creating effective and humane interiors
Breaking news : mastering the art of disruptive innovation in journalism
The creative office
Office architecture + design
The responsive office : people and change
The office. Season one
Brands and branding : creating a brand strategy
Office space planning : designing for tomorrow's workplace
Feng shui your home, garden, office and life : achieving health, happiness and prosperity th[r]ough the ancient art of placement
In the company of cheerful ladies
Social media as a tool for recruiting : in a perspective of a small consulting company
The thief
Market research for Aww Design
Kantoren bestaan niet meer = The demise of the office
Productivity and employment in commerce and offices : Tripartite Meeting on Productivity and Employment in Commerce and Offices, Geneva 1994
The effect of cleaning on concentrations of surface dust and airborne particles
Workforce : a better place to work
Arkkitehtitoimistojen liitto ATL : toimistoluettelo 2013-2014 : members 2013-2014 = Association of Finnish Architects' offices = Arkitektbyråernas förbund
Improving an order-delivery process with Process Management and Lean methodology : case: Startex Oy
The office interior design guide : an introduction for facility and design professionals
Combo : intelligent nomadic workstation
The office. Season two
EAIE professional development series for international educators. 1. Managing an international office
Extraordinary offices
Lean production for the office : common sense ideas to help your office continuously improve
Wind Energy Consultancies in Finland
Management Consulting
Alberto Pinto Corporate : contemporary offices
Commercial Space : offices. Spaces, furniture and lamps
Management consulting
In this thesis the history, development and future of IT equipment in the office environment are dealt with. What an assistant/secretary should know about office IT equipment is also handled. The research question is how and in which direction office IT equipment will develop in the future. The research question is solved, keeping in mind the assistant's point of view. What an assistant should know about office IT equipment both now and in the future is also ascertained. This thesis was done for Enviroburners Ltd, which manufactures burners and other equipment for industrial usage. Enviroburners Ltd is currently renewing their office's IT equipment, and they wanted information on what they should consider when buying new machines. The empirical part of this thesis was done by gathering information from a web-site and interviewing professionals in the IT field. The theoretical part was created with the help of the relevant literature. The Internet was also an important source of information. The information gained from the Internet was used after critical assessment and cross checked information from other sources. In this thesis information technology in the office environment was mainly dealt with, i.e. the computer and its accessories. The matter of what an assistant should know about this area was also handled. Copy machines and some of the most important software and operating systems were dealt with, but the main focus was on IT equipment hardware in the office environment. From this hardware, the contents of a computer were dealt with, i.e. what a present-day computer needs to be able to work well. In the thesis future predictions regarding different parts of a computer were dealt with. Aid for predicting the future was gained from relevant literature and publications. Interviews and a poll on a web-site called MuroBBS also helped to determine future predictions for office IT equipment. According to this research, nothing drastic will happen in the near future concerning desk top computers. Increasing speeds and more efficient machines will become available, and prices will become lower. It could be said that what is new today will be old tomorrow. However, the fact that equipment is getting smaller and mobile phones are taking the place of laptops also affects office work. Communicators will become more generalized and some work will be done outside of the office. The space for electronic archiving will increase in the future. In addition to this, the shrinking of equipment will increase table space in offices. With the generalization of communicators one has to pay attention to information security, since the same threats that affect normal computers also affect these communication devices. An assistant should keep herself updated. She does not need to know the technical details of what happens inside of a computer, but knowledge of different parts of it can be an advantage in her work. In addition, assistants should train themselves to meet the requirements that the future will set for them regarding office IT equipment.
Summary (s. 46-47).
Global architecture document : the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
Dilbert : the board game
Office information systems : the design process : proceedings of the IFIP WG 8.4 Working Conference on Office Information Systems: the Design Process, Linz, Austria, 15-17 August, 1988
The inspired workspace : design for creativity and productivity
The brainstorm
Offices for the digital age in USA
The process and challenges of establishing a consulting business : Tmi Helpperi
In Detail : Work environments : spatial concepts, usage strategies, communication
Abstract: Management consulting. Management consulting has long roots that reach all the way to the 19th century. First known as efficiency experts, they worked to improve efficiency on the shop floor level. Quite soon after, management consulting started to evolve in to a industry challenging the traditional industries. Today, the main purpose of management consultancies is to study and analyze the structure and functioning of a company as a whole or part of its segments and to find opportunities and strategies to improve the company's efficiency in the management level. The thesis aims to illustrate how management consulting has evolved over the years, how do the client and consultant communicate with each other, how to make consulting engagements as successful as possible and what problems might rise when dealing with management consultancies. The study was carried out by analyzing a number of different literature sources and by assembling the information into a form that would allow the reader to look directly into the client-consultant interaction. All the presented information aims to help the understanding of management consulting and the practical issues revolving around it.
New environments for working : the re-design of offices and environmental systems for new ways of working
Final report : Tripartite Meeting on Productivity and Employment in Commerce and Offices, Geneva 19-25 October 1994
Sams teach yourself : OpenOffice.org 2, firefox and thunderbird for windows all in one
Future of the IT equipment in office
Plan-B - smoke mask for self-rescue from fires
A lawyer's guide to the computer : master or servant
Analysis of the Vietnamese commercial real estate market : Strategic investment implications for Evergreen Properties of Michigan, Inc.
Strategic management of resources for international business operations in small consulting firms : people, processes and tools in managing international operations
Herman Miller office
The role of relationship-specific factors for knowledge transfers in consultancy services
Impediments to knowledge sharing in the interpersonal relationships of business consultants
The race
Älykäs toimistotalo esikouluasteella = The intelligent office still in its infancy
Kaleva insurance company Helsinki 1911-1914
Chicago Tribune Building, competition proposal 1922.
Lack of muscle activity in leg muscles of office workers : effect of a dynamic office chair
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish Consulting Company) to Berlin,German Market : Developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
Flexible open offices : solutions to support flexibility of the office premises
The full cupboard of life
The new office
On the frontiers of the media landscape – organisational new media buying in network context
It' s all about style : Satelliet meubelen 2011-2012
The Milkshake Detectives
The spy
Corporate interiors. 6
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
Innovations in office design : the critical influence approach to effective work environments
WHO Europe cancer nursing curriculum : WHO European strategy for continuing education for nurses and midwives, 2003.
Business model configurations in the consulting sector
The office. Season three
Access by design
The marketing communications industry in flux : large B2C advertisers' viewpoint
