http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3116 suicide attacks
suicide attacks
Martyrdom : the psychology, theology and politics of self-sacrifice
A woman in Jerusalem : [a novel]
Terrorism
The secret history of al Qaʻida
Pornography
Understanding and responding to the terrorism phenomenon : a multi-dimensional perspective
Inside Al Qaeda : global network of terror
Dying for heaven : holy pleasure and suicide bombers : why the best qualities of religion are also its most dangerous
The banality of suicide terrorism : the naked truth about the psychology of Islamic suicide bombing
Making sense of suicide missions
A handbook of terrorism and insurgency in Southeast Asia
Gender is not a 'security issue', but it tells us a lot about how, why and when certain subjects are written as security concerns. Thirteen case studies on violent subjects, reason, and emotion demonstrate different ways in which we understand political violence, security, resistance, power, and agency, and how we make sense of gender.
Ending life : ethics and the way we die
Ours are the streets
CrocAttack
Suicidal mass murderers : a criminological study of why they kill
From Muhammad to Bin Laden : religious and ideological sources of the homicide bombers phenomenon
The enigma of Islamist violence
Farewell to the world : a history of suicide
The attack
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
The secret history of al Qaeda
Martyrs : innocence, vengeance, and despair in the Middle East
Invented by nature but genetically manipulated by man, a mutation of the H5N1 virus -- aka the "bird flu" -- has fallen into the wrong hands. Angered by sanctions placed against its nuclear program, a rogue state is determined to release it. Their chosen method: one of the Black Widows -- female suicide terrorists of Chechen descent who have the highest kill rate of any terrorist organization. By infecting her, then instructing her to detonate in the United States, her body will become the real weapon, spraying the virus into a crowd. The only thing standing in the Black Widow's way is the Taskforce, an extra-legal counterterrorism unit. Racing against time to prevent a global pandemic, Taskforce operator Pike Logan and his partner Jennifer Cahill follow the trail across Southeast Asia to the United States, only to learn that the enemy they face may not be the enemy they should fear. – WorldCat.
Women as terrorists : mothers, recruiters, and martyrs
Suicide and agency : anthropological perspectives on self-destruction, personhood and power
The Jihadis' path to self-destruction
Suicide bombers : Allah's new martyrs
Martyrdom and terrorism : pre-modern to contemporary perspectives
We can be heroes
The psychology of terrorism. Vol. 2, Clinical aspects and responses
On suicide bombing
The king of plagues
Army of roses : inside the world of Palestinian women suicide bombers
Hamas : politics, charity and terrorism in the service of Jihad
Suicide campaigns as a strategic choice : the case of Hamas
A woman in Jerusalem : a passion in three parts
Gender, agency and political violence
Myth of martyrdom : what really drives suicide bombers, rampage shooters, and other self-destructive killers
Sleepers, moles and martyrs : secret identifications, societal integration and the differing meanings of freedom
Terrorism : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 4, The fourth or religious wave
Kamikaze, cherry blossoms, and nationalisms : the militarization of aesthetics in Japanese history
The future of terror
In focus: September 11, 2001
Root causes of suicide terrorism : globalization of martyrdom
Political self-sacrifice : agency, body and emotion in international relations
Horses of god
Fighting suicide bombing : a worldwide campaign for life
Buda’s wagon : a brief history of the car bomb
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
Women suicide bombers : narratives of violence
'The Attack' offers a timely and disturbing journey that illuminates the human cost of terrorism and deceit.
A history of the world since 9/11
The Turner diaries : a novel
Many of those committing recent terrorist attacks have been intent, and have often succeeded, in killing themselves in the process. This volume explores and compares religious and secular traditions of martyrdom and terrorism. Martyrdom is, in a certain sense, central to the Christian tradition, insofar as this is an appropriate description for Christ's Passion. Islamic notions also link shahadat (martyrdom) to “bearing witness” to faith and God. In Christianity, martyrdom is not necessarily limited to those who are persecuted or die in having their faith opposed; a martyr can be one who leads a good, charitable life. Martyrdom in Islam is similarly a manifold matter. In both instances, the association of religious martyrdom with political terror has a complex legacy. Not only does this volume outline the complexity of these legacies—following, for example, Christian martyrdom from its origins in the Roman world, to the experience of the deaths of the “terrorist” leaders of the French Revolution, to parallels in the contemporary world—it also explores how Islamic and Christian traditions compare historically..
My life is a weapon : a modern history of suicide bombing
Manufacturing human bombs : the making of Palestinian suicide bombers
New York September 11
Dying for faith : religiously motivated violence in the contemporary world
The globalization of martyrdom : Al Qaeda, Salafi Jihad, and the diffusion of suicide attacks
Blown apart
Dying to kill : the allure of suicide terror
Incendiary
The widow's strike
X-men : Curse of the mutants
Understanding terrorism and political violence : the life cycle of birth, growth, transformation, and demise
The day the world stood still : September 11th
The search of Al Qaeda : its leadership, ideology, and future
