http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3119 terrorism
terrorism
The master plan : ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and the Jihadi strategy for final victory
International terrorism : a bibliography
Terrorism, 1980-1987 : a selectively annotated bibliography
The lone man
Terrorist threats to food : guidance for establishing and strengthening prevention and response systems
Firefight
A phantom enemy : metaphors of terrorism in mainstream and alternative news media
Culture of terrorism
An encyclopaedic survey of global terrorism in 21st century
Terrorism : documents of international and local control. Vol. 38, U.S. Perspectives
The new threat : from Islamic militancy
The revolutionary mystique and terrorism in contemporary Italy
Origins of terrorism : psychologies, ideologies, theologies, states of mind
Wild storm
The bloody tournament to determine the new empress of the intergalactic empire may be over, but for exiled princess Kayla Reinumon, the battle is just beginning. To free her home planet from occupation, Kayla must infiltrate the highest reaches of imperial power. But when a deadly nanovirus threatens to ravage the empire, it will take more than diplomacy to protect her homeworld from all-out war.
Global threats of terrorism, drug-smuggling and other crimes have led to a significant increase in research on game theory for security. Game theory provides a sound mathematical approach to deploy limited security resources to maximize their effectiveness. A typical approach is to randomize security schedules to avoid predictability, with the randomization using artificial intelligence techniques to take into account the importance of different targets and potential adversary reactions. This book distills the forefront of this research to provide the first and only study of long-term deployed applications of game theory for security for key organizations such as the Los Angeles International Airport police and the US Federal Air Marshals Service. The author and his research group draw from their extensive experience working with security officials to intelligently allocate limited security resources to protect targets, outlining the applications of these algorithms in research and the real world.
Terrorism : Crime, justice and punishment
Spying on democracy : government surveillance, corporate power and public resistance
Colossus : the price of America's empire
Final flight
Black ops
Bad company
Terrorism : a documentary history
The globalization of terrorism
The eye of minds
Media coverage of terrorism : methods of diffusion
Terrorism : a critical introduction
FOA report on terrorism
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
Terrorism in context
The Reykjavik assignment
The duality of tactical thought : a study of how Swedish land forces' commanders view tactics in irregular warfare
Afghanistan from the cold war through the war on terror
The black widow
On western terrorism : from Hiroshima to drone warfare
International terrorism and Finland
Bin Laden : terrorism and islamism
A migrant boat battles through the rough Mediterranean. Its passengers are desperate, starving and scared. They are also being ruthlessly targeted by the SAS. Islamic State militants are smuggling themselves into Europe using these boats. Only by locating such men before they make it into the UK can the Regiment stop them committing their acts of terror on British soil. When one of these migrants reveals plans for a sickening Christmas Day atrocity in London, SAS operative Danny Black is tasked with infiltrating the most dangerous theatre of war in the world: Islamic State heartland. There, he and his team must lift a brutal IS commander - the only man who knows all the details of the London attack. The commander surrounds himself with vicious militants and a harem of sex slaves whom he treats in the most sadistic ways imaginable. And his jihadi wife is, if possible, even more abominable than him. As Danny pits himself against the violent thugs of the Islamic State, he learns that it is not just the UK that is under threat. His very presence on the mission has put at risk the safety of those closest to him. And he discovers that there are greater forces at work here, who do not care if the innocent live or die. Now there is nothing Danny will not do, no line he will not cross, to protect his family. Whether that makes him a good soldier or a bad soldier he neither knows nor cares. Because as he is fast learning, it is sometimes impossible to tell the difference between the two. And as every SAS soldier is trained to understand, the worst threats often come from the most unexpected places...
Two former predator drone operators face insurgency and insanity on the Las Vegas Strip in the surreal surroundings of the world's first terrorism-themed hotel!
Terrorism : the newest face of warfare
The absence of guilt
ASALA : irrational terror or political tool
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
America right or wrong : an anatomy of American nationalism
First response
Patterns of terrorism in Western Europe, 1950-1995
Terrorism : documents of international and local control. Vol. 39, U.S. Perspectives
New imperialism and beyond : why the new imperialism will fail and unseat the Bush administation
The face of God
Crisis
The real terror network : terrorism in fact and propaganda
Inauguration day : a thriller
Business under fire : how Israeli companies are succeeding in the face of terror--and what we can learn from them
11 September and its aftermath : the geopolitics of terror
International terrorism : report from a seminar arranged by the European Law Students' Association in Lund, Sweden, 1-3 October 1987
The prevention of terrorism in British law
A rage for order : the Middle East in turmoil, from Tahrir Square to ISIS
Terrorism : inside a world phenomenon
Terörism heryerde : uluslararası dayanışma = Terrorism everywhere : international solidarity
Girl on a plane
Terrorism and counter-terrorism : ethics and liberal democracy
The new spymasters : inside espionage from the Cold War to global terror
The literature of terrorism : a selectively annotated bibliography
Encyclopedia of world terrorism
Hostage-taking terrorism : incident-response strategy
Why terrorism works
Fighting against uncertainty : the fundamental shift in the global security agenda from bipolarity to multilateralism in the post Cold War era
Fighting terrorism : how democracies can defeat domestic and international terrorists
Aviation security management / Volume 2. elements of aviation security management
"Drawing on troves of recently declassified documents captured from the Islamic State and its predecessors, counterterrorism expert Brian Fishman tells the story of this organization's complex and largely hidden past.- and what the master plan suggests about its future. Only by understanding the Islamic State's full history- and the strategy that drove it- can we understand the contradictions that may ultimately tear it apart" -- Dust jacket.
Causes of terrorism
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
Calling a truce to terror : the American response to international terrorism
Radiant state
"In the early 2020s, two young, genius computer hackers, Elizabeth Santiago and David Schwartz, meet at MIT, where Schwartz is sneaking into classes, and have a brief affair. David is amoral and out for himself, and soon disappears. Elizabeth dreams of technology and space travel and takes a military job after graduating. Nearly ten years later, David is setting himself to become a billionaire by working in the shadows under a multiplicity of names for international thieves, and Elizabeth works in intelligence preventing international space piracy. With robotic mining in space becoming a lucrative part of Earth's economy, shipments from space are dropped down the gravity well into the oceans. David and Elizabeth fight for dominance of the computer systems controlling ore drop placement in international waters. If David can nudge a shipment 500 miles off its target, his employers can get there first and claim it legally in the open sea. Each one intuits that the other is their real competition but can't prove it. And when Elizabeth loses a major shipment, she leaves government employ to work for a private space company to find a better way to protect shipments. But international piracy has very high stakes and some very evil players. And both Elizabeth and David end up in a world of trouble." - Provided by publisher.
The future of terrorism : violence in the new millennium
Terrorism : pragmatic international deterrence and cooperation
Terrorism and Ireland
The unsung hero
Cloak of war
The concept of pre-emption : the changing structure of international order concerning the maintenance of international peace and security
Violence as communication : insurgent terrorism and the western news media
The truth about Julia
Skirmishes at the edge of empire : the United States and international terrorism
"Personal information contained in your emails, phone calls, GPS movements and social media is a hot commodity, and corporations are cashing in by mining and selling the data they collect about our private lives. "Spying on Democracy" reveals how the government acquires and uses such information to target those individuals and/or groups it deems threatening"--
Aviation security management / Volume 3. perspectives on aviation security management
Sacred rage : the wrath of militant Islam
Urban terrorism : theory, practice & response
The convert's song
Corsair : a science fiction novel
A faithful servant of his country for sixteen years, first as a Marine and then as a member of an elite counterterrorism unit, Mike Nash has lived up to the call of duty. However, no amount of training or service could prepare him for his own country turning on him. But with legendary counter-terrorist expert Mitch Rapp inundated with his own work in Iran, Nash must step up, go at it alone, and save the free world / WorldCat.
Contemporary security management
Exceptions, Distinctions, and Processes of Identification : The 'Concrete Thought' of Carl Schmitt and US Neoconservatism as Seen through Readings of Kenneth Burke and Jacques Derrida
Political terrorism : theory, tactics, and counter-measures
Media portrayals of terrorism : functions and meaning of news coverage. Robert G. Picard
In the camera's eye
Terrorism : how the West can win
Underground : the Tokyo gas attack and the Japanese psyche
Truth and fear
Urban terrorism
Fighting terrorism : negotiation or retaliation? = an editorials on file book
Gendering the militarisation of war on terrorism : discourses and representations of masculinities and femininities
Radicalized : new Jihadists and the threat to the West
International terrorism in the contemporary world
The clown service
Retribution
They say we are infidels : on the run from ISIS with persecuted Christians in the Middle East
Watchlist : a serial thriller
Wild justice
Antiterrorist initiatives
State of emergency
The terrorism reader
Gavin de Becker's landmark book The Gift Of Fear showed millions of readers how to better protect themselves from violence and unwarranted fear. Now, in Fear Less, de Becker answers the questions many Americans have been asking since September 11th. Can air travel be safe? What is the risk of biological or chemical attack? Can the government detect and prevent future acts? How can we best talk to our children about what has happened and what might happen? What can we do to reduce fear and worry? What specific steps can we take to reduce terrorism? What are terrorists likely to do next? Most simply, is everything going to be all right? De Becker says, "Just as your imagination has placed you in frightening situations, it is now time to place yourself in empowering situations, time to see that you have a role to play, and contrary to so many TV news stories, it isn't just victim-in-waiting." Fear Less offers specific recommendations that can enhance our national security and our individual safety--and help put fear into perspective.
You will not have my hate
Crises in the tourism industry and their effects on young travellers
Fear less : real truth about risk, safety, and security in a time of terrorism
The Paradise guest house : a novel
Social cohesion, securitization and counter-terrorism
Violence at sea : piracy in the age of global terrorism
Looks at the extremist Sunni jihadist group and argues that they present a great danger to the United States and the world, looking at the origin of the group, its objectives, and its unlawful terrorist strategies.
Terrorism : a very short introduction
Death orders : the vanguard of modern terrorism in revolutionary Russia
Media coverage and political terrorists : a quantitative analysis
Operation Thunderbolt : flight 139 and the raid on Entebbe Airport, the most audacious hostage rescue mission in history
Terrorism and the media : from the Iran hostage crisis to the World Trade Center bombing
The empress game
Harry's game
Contemporary research on terrorism
Terrorism, politics and law : the Achille Lauro affair
Shock wave
Is all fair in law and war : the legality of collateral damage in targeted killings with drones : discussion particularly in the context of CIA drone attacks in Pakistan
Terrorism : threat and response
All the old knives
Conflict and terrorism in Southern Thailand
The making of terrorism
The annual on terrorism : 1988-1989
Focus on terrorism. Vol. 6
Inferno
Control of terrorism : international documents
State sponsored terrorism : the Pakistan way
The Serpentine Road
The success of political terrorist events : an analysis of terrorist tactics and victim characteristics 1968 to 1977
The value of violence
Her perfect mate
Terrorist myths : illusion, rhetoric, and reality
Neoconservative Ideology and the Use of Torture in the "Global War on Terror" : Morally Right, in perfect denial, or in persistent cognitive dissonance?
The Lockerbie trial : a documentary history
Mitch Rapp is used to winning. But now the CIA operative finds himself chasing false leads from continent to continent in an effort to keep nukes from falling into the hands of terrorists. Together with friend and colleague Scott Coleman, Rapp struggles to prevent the loss of these lethal weapons, and soon it becomes alarmingly clear that forces in Moscow are hell-bent on creating even more chaos and turmoil in the Middle East. Rapp must go deep into Russian territory, posing as an American ISIS recruit, to stop a plan much more dangerous and insidious than he ever expected.
Architectural security codes and guidelines : best practices for today's construction challenges
Development cooperation as an instrument in the prevention of terrorism : research report
Transnational terror
Security and game theory : algorithms, deployed systems, lessons learned
The anatomy of terrorism
"Terrorism has a long history but the devastating attacks of 9/11 transformed what had been seen as a relatively minor security issue into one of major global significance. This incisive new text provides an accessible and balanced assessment of political terror and its study and in the process rethinks many assumptions"--
The foundations of modern terrorism : state, society and the dynamics of political violence
Black flags : the rise of ISIS
Toxic
The trials
London is under siege. Nine men in suicide vests, primed to explode, hold hostages in nine different locations and are ready to die for their cause. Their mission - to force the Government to release jihadist prisoners from Belmarsh Prison. The deadline - 6pm. Today. But the bombers are cleanskins, terrorists with no obvious link to any group, and who do not appear on any anti-terror watch list. What has brought them together on this one day to act in this way? Mo Kamran is the Superintendent in charge of the Special Crime and Operations branch of the Met. As the disaster unfolds and the SAS, armed police, and other emergency services rush to the scenes, he is tasked with preventing the biggest terrorist outrage the capital has ever known. But nothing is what it seems. And only Kamran has the big picture. Will anyone believe him?
Dance of death
The survivor : a new Mitch Rapp novel
The people next door
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
The threat of terrorism
The third target
Deadly connections : states that sponsor terrorism
Gabriel Allon, the art restorer, spy, and assassin, is poised to become the chief of Israel secret intelligence service. But on the eve of his promotion, events conspire to lure him into the field for one final operation. ISIS has detonated a massive bomb in the Marais district of Paris, and a desperate French government wants Gabriel to eliminate the man responsible before he can strike again.
Predator one : a Joe Ledger novel
Why the concerns about chemical and biological warfare and terrorism now?
The hammer of Eden
International terrorism and political crimes
Terrorism today : the past, the players, the future
Crime, terrorism or nightmare : news representations of the 2011 Norway attacks
Terrorism : a philosophical analysis
Terrorism and religion : brazilian media’s image of religion inspired terrorism
The rise of ISIS : a threat we can't ignore
Nights of awe
World at risk
The divided island : stories from the Sri Lankan war
Political terrorism : an indictment of imperialism
