http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3127 statistical methods
statistical methods
Biostatistics : the bare essentials
Counseling research : quantitative, qualitative, and mixed methods
Research methods in business studies : a practical guide
Models for repeated measurements
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2005.
Fundamentals of modern statistical methods : substantially improving power and accuracy
Producing PID controllers for testing clustering : investigating novelty detection for use in classifying PID parameters
Just plain data analysis : finding, presenting, and interpreting social science data
Some further remarks on the singular linear model
COMPSTAT 1988 : short communications and posters
Principles of animal extrapolation
Saddlepoint approximation and profile likelihood-based confidence intervals with application
Short run SPC
Manual of fisheries sampling surveys : methodologies for estimations of socio-economic indicators in the Mediterranean Sea
Comparisons between some estimators of a stationary first order autoregressive model
Fundamental statistics in psychology and education
Statistical analysis and modelling of spatial point patterns
A statistical manual for chemists
Applied nonparametric statistical methods
Statistical analysis in microbiology : statnotes
Nonparametric regression methods for longitudinal data analysis : [mixed-effects modeling approaches]
The uncertainty of forest management planning data in Finnish non-industrial private forestry
The methods of statistics
Improving multi-source forest inventory by weighting auxiliary data sources
A conspectus on estimating function theory and its applicability to recurrent modeling issues in forest biometry
Elementary survey sampling
Basic statistics
Clinical research for health professionals : a user-friendly guide
Statistics explained
Statistical shape analysis with applications in R
Bayesian statistics : an introduction
Spatial analysis : a reader in statistical geography
Univariate, bivariate, and multivariate methods in corpus-based lexicography : a study of synonymy
Contributions to statistical aspects of computerized forest harvesting
Radio variability of active galactic nuclei : analysis of long-term multifrequency data
Applications of industrial statistics
Introduction to statistical mediation analysis
Statistical methods in the social sciences
LISREL issues, debates, and strategies
Construction and assessment of classification rules
Inverse prediction under certain regression models
Analysis of nominal data
Improved significance testing of wavelet power spectrum near data boundaries as applied to polar research
The analysis of categorical data
The analysis of contingency tables
Introductory statistics
Mathematical methods of statistical quality control
Statistical and mathematical methodologies are usually perceived by people working in food science as complex and difficult subjects, and most food scientists and professionals receive limited instruction in them. This hinders the implementation of statistical and mathematical methodologies in food science and limits the usability and application of these techniques for research that contains a large quantity of complex data. These statistical techniques are necessary for the development and evaluation of food products and processes. They are also important for studying mechanisms underlying different phenomena that may affect product quality or the unit operations in food development. Mathematical and Statistical Methods in Food Science and Technology offers accessible and practical information, suitable for readers across a range of knowledge levels and food-related disciplines, for applying statistical and mathematical technologies in food science. The book's, focus is on the application of complex methodologies which have been recently introduced in the field (managing physicochemical, chemical, theological, nutritional, and sensory data) and have proven to be extremely useful in characterizing new products and processes in the food industries. Theoretical explanations, practical examples and case studies ensure that this is an easy-to-follow and comprehensive text, not just a theoretical guide for non-statisticians. It will therefore be of value to all food science professionals with varying degrees of statistical skill, as well as researchers, undergraduate and graduate students. Book jacket.
Statistical methods
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2001.
Qualitative data analysis : a user-friendly guide for social scientists
Geographic measurement and quantitative analysis
Statistical analysis : with business and economic applications
Statistical methods for medical and biological students
Applied multilevel analysis
This paper introduces a Lagrange Multiplier (LM) test for testing an autoregressive structure in a binary time series model. Simulation results indicate that the two versions of the proposed LM test have reasonable size and power properties when the sample size is large. A parametric bootstrap method is suggested to obtain approximately correct sizes also in small samples. The use of the test is illustrated by an application to recession forecasting models using monthly U.S. data.
Multilevel analysis : techniques and applications
Monte Carlo results for bootstrap tests in systems with integrated-cointegrated variables
Log-linear models and logistic regression
Survey sampling reference guidelines : introduction to sample design and estimation techniques
Statistical pattern recognition
An introduction to intermediate and advanced statistical analyses for sport and exercise scientists
Statistical methods for organizational research : theory and practice
A statistical comparison of alternative identification schemes for monetary policy shocks
Statistics for business : data analysis and modelling
"The success of the Apgar score demonstrates the astounding power of an appropriate clinical instrument. This down-to-earth book provides practical advice, underpinned by theoretical principles, on developing and evaluating measurement instruments in all fields of medicine. It equips you to choose the most appropriate instrument for specific purposes. The book covers measurement theories, methods and criteria for evaluating and selecting instruments. It provides methods to assess measurement properties, such as reliability, validity and responsiveness, and interpret the results. Worked examples and end-of-chapter assignments use real data and well-known instruments to build your skills at implementation and interpretation through hands-on analysis of real-life cases. All data and solutions are available online. This is a perfect course book for students and a perfect companion for professionals/researchers in the medical and health sciences who care about the quality and meaning of the measurements they perform"--Provided by publisher.
Synthesizing the literature from the survey and measurement fields, this book explains how to develop closed-response survey scales that will accurately capture such constructs as attitudes, beliefs, or behaviors. It provides guidelines to help applied researchers or graduate students review existing scales for possible adoption or adaptation in a study; create their own conceptual framework for a scale; write checklists, true-false variations, and Likert-style items; design response scales; examine validity and reliability; conduct a factor analysis; and document the instrument development and its technical quality. Advice is given on constructing tables and graphs to report survey scale results. Concepts and procedures are illustrated with "Not This/But This" examples from multiple disciplines. Pedagogical Features: End-of-chapter exercises with sample solutions, plus annotated suggestions for further reading. "Not This/But This" examples of poorly written and strong survey items. Chapter-opening overviews and within-chapter summaries. Glossary of key concepts. Appendix with examples of parametric and nonparametric procedures for group comparisons.
Statistics for science projects
Statistical methods for organizational research
Handbook of item response theory modeling : applications to typical performance assessment
This book examines Stata's treatment of generalized linear mixed models, also known as multilevel or hierarchical models. These models are "mixed" because they allow fixed and random effects, and they are "generalized" because they are appropriate for continuous Gaussian responses as well as binary, count, and other types of limited dependent variables. Volume I covers continuous Gaussian linear mixed models and has nine chapters. The chapters are organized in four parts. Volume II discusses generalized linear mixed models for binary, categorical, count, and survival outcomes.
Question evaluation methods : contributing to the science of data quality
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2006.
Statistical models for test equating, scaling, and linking
Geostatistics for environmental scientists
Statistical methods for food science : introductory procedures for the food practitioner
Optimal design of experiments
Statistical method in biological assay
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 1999-2000, Suomen tilastoseuran juhlakirja
The statistical analysis of failure time data
Modern elementary statistics
Some considerations of the limits of survey research : a critical study from a practical point of view
Lean Six Sigma for service : how to use Lean Speed and Six Sigma Quality to improve services and transactions
Demonstrates how knowledge management can be used to enhance business processes. It focuses on the need to develop collaborative knowledge networks, which are increasingly global in nature and which support people with the technology needed to work across distance to foster the innovation needed to remain competitive in global environments.
Multilevel and longitudinal modeling using Stata. Vol. II, Categorical responses, counts, and survival
An introduction to secondary data analysis with IBM SPSS statistics
Inventory of artisanal fishery communities in the Western and Central Mediterranean
The goal of this book is to emphasize the formal statistical features of the practice of equating, linking, and scaling. This book encourages the view and discusses the quality of the equating results from the statistical perspective (new models, robustness, fit, testing hypotheses, statistical monitoring) as opposed to placing the focus on the policy and the implications, which although very important, represent a different side of the equating practice. This book contributes to establishing 'equating' as a theoretical field, a view that has not been offered often before. The tradition in the practice of equating has been to present the knowledge and skills needed as a craft, which implies that only with years of experience under the guidance of a knowledgeable practitioner could one acquire the required skills. This book challenges this view by indicating how a good equating framework, a sound understanding of the assumptions that underlie the psychometric models, and the use of statistical tests and statistical process control tools can help the practitioner navigate the difficult decisions in choosing the final equating function. This book provides a valuable reference for several groups: statisticians and psychometricians interested in the theory behind equating methods, in the use of model-based statistical methods for data smoothing, and in the evaluation of the equating results in applied work; practitioners who need to equate tests, including those with these responsibilities in testing companies, state testing agencies, and school districts; and, instructors in psychometric, measurement, and psychology programs.
Modelling mean above and below ground litter production based on yield tables
Qualitative data analysis with SPSS 12 and 13 : a guide for social scientists
Modelling of conditional variance and uncertainty using industrial process data
Discrete discriminant analysis
Statistical methods in educational and psychological research
Participation screen for collusion in auctions
Research methods and statistics in psychology
Reading statistics and research
Comparison of randomized branch sampling with and without replacement at the first stage
Data analysis and research for sport and exercise science : a student guide
Applied life data analysis
Psychological statistics
The SPSS guide to data analysis for SPSS/PC+
Statistics for the helping professions
Statistics for the behavioral sciences
The variations in the catch of Salmon and the Water levels of the rivers
Handbook of design research methods in education : innovations in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics learning and teaching
Nonparametric methods for multivariate location problems with independent and cluster correlated observations
A global forest growing stock, biomass and carbon map based on FAO statistics
Multidimensional spatial data and decision analysis
How do we know where the economy is heading today?
What is the present situation of the economy, and in which direction is it heading? What is the present rate of economic growth? National accounts and other economic statistics offer information on the economic situation, but they are published with a considerable delay. Information on the GDP of the present quarter does not arrive until several months later. Even so, many economic decisions require the support of real-time information. Short-term forecast models, so-called nowcasting models, enable evaluation of the state of the economy before official statistics are completed..
Data mining and learning analytics : applications in educational research
Cumulative sum charts and charting quality control
Sage publications / SRM database
Distribution of Fourier power spectrum of climatic  background noise
Research for effective social work practice
Anthropogenic forcing dominates sea level rise since 1850
Utilization of statistical methods for management in the forest industry
A course in business statistics
Linear models : an integrated approach
Measurements of O3, CO2 and H2O fluxes over a Scots pine stand in eastern Finland by the micrometeorological eddy covariance method
Mathematical and statistical methods in food science and technology
Elements of statistics for psychology and education
Motifs and folktales : a new statistical approach
Essentials of biostatistics in public health
Bayesian methods in insurance companies' risk management
Sensitivity analysis of untestable assumptions in causal inference
Adjustment for covariate measurement errors in complex surveys : a simulation study of three competing methods
Estimation from transformed data under the linear regression model
Essence of statistics
Kendall's advanced theory of statistics [2B]. Vol. 2B, Bayesian inference
Likelihood-based inference on regression parameters in the case of autocorrelated errors
Summary.
Statistical methods in longitudinal research. Volume 1, Principles and structuring change
Quantifying regional variation in the survival of cancer patients
A goodness-of-fit test based on binary data
Introduction to statistics
On reduced risk estimation in linear models
Just Plain Data Analysis teaches students statistical literacy skills that they can use to evaluate and construct arguments about public affairs issues grounded in numerical evidence. The book addresses skills that are often not taught in introductory social science research methods courses and that are often covered sketchily in the research methods textbooks: where to find commonly used measures of political and social conditions; how to assess the reliability and validity of specific indicators; how to present data efficiently in charts and tables; how to avoid common misinterpretations and misrepresentations of data; and how to evaluate causal arguments based on numerical data. With a new chapter on statistical fallacies and updates throughout the text, the new edition teaches students how to find, interpret, and present commonly used social indicators in an even clearer and more practical way.
Statistical methods in biology
Qualitative data analysis : a user-friendly guide for social scientist
Survey scales : a guide to development, analysis, and reporting
Exploratory data analysis
Statistics : an intuitive approach
Sampling opinions : an analysis of survey procedure
The analysis of cross-classified data having ordered categories
Testing an autoregressive structure in binary time series models
Estimating cavity tree abundance using nearest neighbor imputation methods for western Oregon and Washington forests
How many subjects? : statistical power analysis in research
Applied nonlinear time series analysis : applications in physics, physiology and finance
How to display data
Performing data analysis using IBM SPSS®
Statistical matching : a frequentist theory, practical applications and alternative Bayesian approaches
Statistical techniques for analytical review in auditing
Handbook of methods of applied statistics. Volume 1, Techniques of computation, descriptive methods, and statistical inference
Stratification of regional sampling by model-predicted changes of carbon stocks in Forested mineral soils
Application of quantitative methods in veterinary epidemiology
Knowledge management : organizing knowledge based enterprises
Manual on presentation of data and control chart analysis
Analysis of cross-over studies with incomplete repeated measurements using various covariance structures
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2002.
Applied regression analysis and generalized linear models
Statistical challenges in modern astronomy
Handbook of statistical distributions
Multivariate nonparametric methods with R : an approach based on spatial signs and ranks
Proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Topological Algebra and Applications, Oulu 2-6 July, 2001
R for dummies
Incorporates mixed-effects modeling techniques for more powerful and efficient methods This book presents current and effective nonparametric regression techniques for longitudinal data analysis and systematically investigates the incorporation of mixed-effects modeling techniques into various nonparametric regression models. The authors emphasize modeling ideas and inference methodologies, although some theoretical results for the justification of the proposed methods are presented. With its logical structure and organization, beginning with basic principles, the text develops the foundation needed to master advanced principles and applications. Following a brief overview, data examples from biomedical research studies are presented and point to the need for nonparametric regression analysis approaches. Next, the authors review mixed-effects models and nonparametric regression models, which are the two key building blocks of the proposed modeling techniques. The core section of the book consists of four chapters dedicated to the major nonparametric regression methods: local polynomial, regression spline, smoothing spline, and penalized spline. The next two chapters extend these modeling techniques to semiparametric and time varying coefficient models for longitudinal data analysis. The final chapter examines discrete longitudinal data modeling and analysis. Each chapter concludes with a summary that highlights key points and also provides bibliographic notes that point to additional sources for further study. Examples of data analysis from biomedical research are used to illustrate the methodologies contained throughout the book. Technical proofs are presented inseparate appendices. With its focus on solving problems, this is an excellent textbook for upper-level undergraduate and graduate courses in longitudinal data analysis. It is also recommended as a reference for biostatisticians and other theoretical and applied research statisticians with an interest in longitudinal data analysis. Not only do readers gain an understanding of the principles of various nonparametric regression methods, but they also gain a practical understanding of how to use the methods to tackle real-world problems.
Design of experiments for engineers and scientists
Kendall's Advanced theory of statistics. Vol. 2, Classical inference and relationship
Contemporary psychometrics : a festschrift for Roderick P. McDonald
Statistics : concepts and controversies
Groundwater and its response to climate variability and change in cold snow dominated regions in Finland : methods and estimations
Paradigms in statistical inference for finite populations up to the 1950s
Observations inhomogeneities and detection of climate change
Lectures on contingency tables
Using multivariate statistics
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2004.
Optimal designs in linear regression models
Introduction to SPSS statistics in psychology : for version 19 and earlier
This book has an outstanding compilation of comprehensible chapters dealing with the important concepts and technical minutia of the statistical analyses that sport and exercise science scholars use (or should be using!) in their efforts to conduct meaningful research in the field. It is a resource that all sport and exercise scientists and their students should have on their book shelves. Robert Eklund, School of Sport, University of Stirling, UK Motivating, to have a statistics text devoted to enabling researchers studying sport and exercise science to apply the most sophisticated analytical techniques to their data. Authors hit the mark between using technical language as necessary and user-friendly terms or translations to keep users encouraged. Text covers traditional and well-used tools but also less common and more complex tools, but always with familiar examples to make their explanations come alive. As a dynamic systems theorist and developmentalist, I would love to see more researchers in my area create study designs that would enable the use of tools outlined here, such as multilevel structural equation modeling (MSEM) or mediation & moderation analyses, to uncover cascades of relations among subsystems contributing to motor performance, over time. This text can facilitate that outcome. Beverly D. Ulrich, School of Kinesiology, University of Michigan, USA The domain of quantitative methods is constantly evolving and expanding. This means that there is tremendous pressure on researchers to stay current, both in terms of best practices and improvements in more traditional methods as well as increasingly complex new methods. With this volume Ntoumanis and Myers present a nice cross-section of both, helping sport and exercise science researchers to address old questions in better ways, and, even more excitingly, to address new questions entirely.
Elementary statistical methods : as applied to business and economic data
Statistics for political analysis : understanding the numbers
Compositional data analysis : theory and applications
An observational study is an empiric investigation of effects caused by treatments when randomized experimentation is unethical or infeasible. Observational studies are common in most fields that study the effects of treatments on people, including medicine, economics, epidemiology, education, psychology, political science and sociology. The quality and strength of evidence provided by an observational study is determined largely by its design. Design of Observational Studies is both an introduction to statistical inference in observational studies and a detailed discussion of the principles that guide the design of observational studies. Design of Observational Studies is divided into four parts. Chapters 2, 3, and 5 of Part I cover concisely, in about one hundred pages, many of the ideas discussed in Rosenbaum's Observational Studies (also published by Springer) but in a less technical fashion. Part II discusses the practical aspects of using propensity scores and other tools to create a matched comparison that balances many covariates. Part II includes a chapter on matching in R. In Part III, the concept of design sensitivity is used to appraise the relative ability of competing designs to distinguish treatment effects from biases due to unmeasured covariates. Part IV discusses planning the analysis of an observational study, with particular reference to Sir Ronald Fisher's striking advice for observational studies, "make your theories elaborate".
Using statistics to understand the environment
Within-plot subsampling of trees for assessment in progeny trials of Scots pine
Solutions to exercises in "Intermediate statistical methods"
Statistical analysis of questionnaires : a unified approach based on R and Stata
Quality control and statistical methods
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2013-2014
Analysis of microdata
Statistical opportunities for comparing stand structural heterogeneity in managed and primeval forests: an example from boreal spruce forest in southern Finland
Assessing the incidence of butt rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
Analysis of ecological data with multivariate adaptive regression splines method
Genetic data analysis : methods for discrete population gentic data
New significance test methods for Fourier analysis of geophysical  time series
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2003.
Introduction to SPSS Statistics in Psychology, 5th edition offers comprehensive and engaging coverage of how to carry out statistical analyses using SPSS Statistics. Fully updated to include an even wider range of statistical methods and to incorporate the latest version of SPSS Statistics, this text offers clear, step by step instruction and advice to students on using SPSS Statistics to analyse psychological data. For each statistical test, the text discusses * What the test is used for * When you should and shouldn't use it * Data requirements and any problems in usage * Step by step direction on how to carry out the test, using colour screenshots and labelled guidance on each part of the process * How to interpret and report the output * At a glance' summary of steps taken to do each test Suitable for students to use alongside lectures or independently when needing to grips with SPSS Statistics. This book is supported by a companion website featuring a range of resources to help students in their studies. Self-test questions, additional datasets plus handy quick guides to carrying out tests can all be found at www.pearsoned.co.uk/howitt "SPSS is the most widely used statistical analysis software suite in the social and behavioural sciences. It is used extensively in undergraduate psychology courses throughout the UK and USA. However psychology students find it notoriously difficult and often impossible to learn and use. Howitt and Cramers' SPSS Statistics in Psychology is an indispensible guide to the software, specially tailored for psychology students at all levels. The new edition is greatly enhanced by a several new features, including chapters on the analysis of moderator variables, statistical power, meta analysis, and the use of SPSS syntax. It is superbly presented and illustrated with excellent step by step procedures and guides to the interpretation of results which even introductory level students will be able to follow. The supporting datasets and worked examples also provide an excellent resource for students and teachers. It has easily maintained its lead in a competitive field, and together with its companion textbooks, Introduction to Statistics (Fifth Edition) and Introduction to Research Methods (Third Edition), it has everything that apprentice and experienced researchers in psychology need."
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2007.
Design of observational studies
This accessible guide is the ideal introduction to R for complete beginners. Learn to master the programming language of choice among statisticians and data analysts worldwide.
Statistical models in applied science
The theory of dispersion models
Profile likelihood-based confidence intervals in autoregressive models
Comparison of Wald and likelihood-based confidence intervals
ARMA model estimation based on high order autoregressive approximation
Engineering approaches for lake management. Vol. 1, Data analysis and empirical modeling
Geographical data analysis
Handbook of methods of applied statistics. Volume 2, Planning of surveys and experiments
Essays on capability indices for autocorrelated data
Computer intensive statistical methods : validation model selection and bootstrap
Pattern classification
Statistics and chemometrics for analytical chemistry
Statistix : version 4.0 user's manual
Some aspects of the sampling distribution of the apportionment index and related inference
This field-leading introduction to statistics text for students in the behavioral and social sciences continues to offer straightforward instruction, accuracy, built-in learning aids, and real-world examples. The goals of STATISTICS FOR THE BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES, 10th Edition are to teach the methods of statistics and convey the basic principles of objectivity and logic that are essential for science -- and valuable in everyday life. Authors Frederick Gravetter and Larry Wallnau help students understand statistical procedures through a conceptual context that explains why the procedures were developed and when they should be used. Students have numerous opportunities to practice statistical techniques through learning checks, examples, step-by-step demonstrations, and problems.
Handbook of Monte Carlo methods
Beginning R : the statistical programming language
