http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3125 nurture
nurture
Caregiving : readings in knowledge, practice, ethics, and politics
Rethinking children and families : the relationship between childhood, families and the state
The caregiver's tale : loss and renewal in memoirs of family life
The ideology of community care
Cuddle up now, little one, let's snuggle wing-to-wing. Are you feeling safe and warm? Ok then, let's begin. Join Little Owl and Big Owl as they cuddle up at bedtime, thinking of the special times they've had together and all the exciting adventures the future holds.
Medical-surgical nursing : critical thinking in patient care
When his younger brother is diagnosed with leukemia, thirteen-year-old Steven tries to deal with his complicated emotions, his school life, and his desire to support his family.
The locus of care : families, communities, institutions, and the provision of welfare since antiquity
A long way down
The caring touch
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
Living the good long life : a practical guide to caring for yourself and others
Parentonomics : an economist dad looks at parenting
Winter solstice
On caring
The ethic of care and its development : a longitudinal study among practical nursing, bachelor-degree social work and law enforcement students
I Love My Mummy
Care in nursing : principles, values, and skills
Eating heaven
Self-care of the home-dwelling elderly people living in Slovenia
Underpinnings of dispositional optimism and pessimism and associated constructs
An inherent burden : kinship, migration and HIV/AIDS among the Akan of Ghana
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
The psychosocial wellbeing of orphans and youth in Rwanda : analysis of predictors, culnerability factors and buffers
With lots of love forever : a collection of cosy stories
Supportive care in radiotherapy
An infant with food allergy and eczema in the family : the mental and economic burden of caring
To not die alone : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Families in ageing societies : a multi-disciplinary approach
Mr Betts and Mr Potts
Love-based practice in education
A natural history of families
Love-based leadership in early childhood education
Anthropological perspectives on care : work, kinship, and the life-course
This practice-based philosophical study presents the view that professional healthcare is not just one of the many paid professions. On the contrary, healthcare should be redefined as a modest but meaningful variant of enacted love for one's fellow human beings, practiced in an institutional context. There is a reciprocal side to it, as it is not just professionals who show loving care for their patients, residents, or clients. Those groups have feelings of gratitude, respect and affinity for the professionals, although not all of them are equally satisfied. Obviously, love should be understood in a non-romantic and non-erotic way, and its location is not the private sphere. "Professional Loving Care" is the condensed and updated version of "Menslievende zorg", originally written within the context of the Low Countries, but dealing with issues that are relevant to western healthcare systems in general. The Dutch edition was published in 2005 and by 2011 it was in its sixth reprint.
Love you hoo
The gardener and the carpenter : what the new science of child development tells us about the relationship between parents and children
He'll be OK  : helping adolescent boys become good men
Poor choices? : on social context and the claiming of means-tested benefits
Nursing, caring, and complexity science : for human-environment well-being
I love ponies : a first pony guide
Families caring across borders : migration, ageing and transnational caregiving
Rabbit's wish
Professional loving care : an ethical view of the healthcare sector
Crow lake
Caring for older people in the community
Things to do in a retirement home trailer park : ... when you're 29 and unemployed
Young children's health and well-being
This book offers a theological foundation for engaging with the realities of suffering and dying. Designed particularly for practical theology students and trainee caregivers, it introduces the spiritual and theological issues raised by suffering and dying. The chapters consider: how Christian theology deals with the problem of suffering and how the Bible treats these difficult issues post-biblical interpretations of Jesus' suffering and the Cross modern instances including ecology, poverty, discrimination and war comparative religious approaches and the depiction in popular culture. Natalie Weaver relates theology to practical issues of caregiving and provides a 'toolbox' for thinking about suffering and death in a creative and supportive way.
Humanistic social work : core principles in practice
A caring society? : care and the dilemmas of human service in the twenty-first century
NVQs in nursing and residential care homes
Dynamics of romantic love : attachment, caregiving, and sex
Organisation carescapes : researching organisations, work and care
Child care and child development : results from the NICHD study of early child care and youth development
Virtuous liaisons : care, love, sex, and virtue ethics
While you are sleeping
Against empathy : the case for rational compassion
The leopard and the cow and four other true stories of animal friendships
Caring : the compassion and wisdom of nursing
Unbecoming
Drums, girls, and dangerous pie
Lark and Termite
The mystery of the child
Destiny of a man
Hateship loveship
Abstract: Informal care in the context of social policy.
Feminist ethics in film : reconfiguring care through cinema
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
Oliver who travelled far and wide
Seal Island
The truffle mouse
The velveteen rabbit
The theology of suffering and death : an introduction for caregivers
Care in practice : on tinkering in clinics, homes and farms
More people to love me
Counseling children and adolescents in schools
Navigating the journey of aging parents : what care receivers want
Rosie and the secret friend
Parental care of a pair of Pine Grosbeaks Pinicola enucleator during the nestling period
The basics of caring research
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Abstract.
Gender Caring: The Everyday Construction of Black African Parents in Finland
The dog and the piglet and four other true stories of animal friendships
Intimate labors : cultures, technologies, and the politics of care
Sylvie and Star
A Start in life
Crossroads at midlife : your aging parents, your emotions, and your self
Ethics in community-based elder care
Guilt and shame in end-of-life care : the next-of-kin ́s perspective
Abstract: Both parents fed the young from their crops. The female was also fed by male near the nest. Between 02.00 and 20.00 there was no difference in feeding activity between the two parents...
The ethics of memory
Revaluing care in theory, law & policy : cycles and connections
Health effects on grandparents : parenting AIDS orphaned grandchildren and how nurses can help in promoting the health of grandparents : literature review
Please don't torment Tootsie
Care and respect for the elderly in Korea : filial piety in modern times in East Asia
Polly and the puffin
Hunting and gathering
Rabid : are you crazy about your dog or just crazy?
The everything guide to caring for aging parents : reassuring advice to help you support your loved ones
PSYCHOLOGY: EMOTIONS. In a divided world, empathy is not the solution, it is the problem; a source of prejudice, not kindness. We think of empathy - the ability to feel the suffering of others for ourselves - as the ultimate source of all good behaviour. But while it inspires care and protection in personal relationships, it has the opposite effect in the wider world. As the latest research in psychology and neuroscience shows, we feel empathy most for those we find attractive and who seem similar to us and not at all for those who are different, distant or anonymous. Empathy therefore biases us in favour of individuals we know while numbing us to the plight of thousands. Guiding us expertly through the experiments, case studies and arguments on all sides, Paul Bloom ultimately reveals that some of our worst decisions - in charity, child-raising, criminal justice, climate change and war - are motivated by this wolf in sheep's clothing.
Essential care : an ethics of human nature
Have you fed the cat
The ethics of care and empathy
Love, friendship, and the self : intimacy, identity, and the social nature of persons
Filial resposibility - middle-aged children and their care discourses
Working with older people
The birthplace
The Nordic countries are now firmly ensconced in academia as gender-friendly welfare states. They are seen as pioneering countries with respect to changes in family life and gender relations and thus present an interesting forum for family research. This paper explores how gender caring relates to gender, religion and parenting in Sub-Saharan African families in the context of immigration to Finland. A constructionist perspective is employed to illuminate how guidelines or scripts established in these parents' cultures are actively used and how they in turn influence their gender relations. Gender caring is conceptualized as an ethic of reciprocity, solidarity and obligation to ensure interdependence and strong bonds among black African parents. The article draws on in-depth interviews conducted with twelve couples mainly in the Helsinki area (which includes Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen).
The ethic of care and its development
Natural parenting : back to basics in infant care
I would tuck you in
Suicide and agency : anthropological perspectives on self-destruction, personhood and power
Winter's bone
