http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3123 clearing of land
clearing of land
Fives and twenty-fives
Effects of moose browsing in relation to food alternatives in Scots pine stands
Harvennuspuun koneelliset korjuuvaihtoehdot : HARKO-projektin (1999-2001) loppuraportti = Alternative harvesting systems in mechanised thinning : final report of HARKO Project (1999-2001)
The European Union mine actions in 2000
Little house on the prairie : Pieni talo preerialla. Season 1, discs 3 & 4.
The European Union mine actions in the world : the European Union mine actions publication covers actions undertaken and supported by the 2002 budget
Summary: Mire conservation in Finland.
Land-use changes and forest/soil degradation effects on carbon sequestration at watershed level in Nepal : an interdisciplinary systems analysis using bio-economic modelling
Post war land clearance and pioneering activities in Finland
Summary (s. 11-12).
The history of landmines
Little house on the prairie
Flexible capabilities for minehunting at sea
International symposium on mine warfare vessels and systems 2, London 8, 9, 10 May 1989 : vol. 1.
The Delaware Finns and the American pioneer culture
Post war pioneering in Finland, with special reference to the role of the settlement areas
Effects of clearfelling, slash removal and prescribed burning on amounts of plant nutrients in biomass and soil
International symposium on mine warfare vessels and systems 2, London 8, 9, 10 May 1989 : vol. 2.
The long earth
Lumisen virran mies: the McGregor saga. 1. kausi, box 1.
We of the Never-Never
Comparing cowboys and frontiers
Places of last resort : the expansion of the farm frontier into the boreal forest in Canada, c. 1910-1940
The world's warships
Using Robots in hazardous environments : landmine detection, de-mining and other applications
Landmine monitor report 2000 : toward a mine-free world
The European Union mine actions in the world : the European Union mine actions publication covers actions undertaken and supported by the 2003 budget
Landmine monitor report 2006 : toward a mine-free world
The European Union mine actions in the world : the European Union mine actions publication covers actions undertaken and supported by the 2001 budget
Time consumption and damage to the remaining stock in mechanised and motor manual pre-commercial thinning
Raivaussahojen ryhmäkoetus = Group test of brush saws
Hundred years of experience : YIT 1912-
Little house on the prairie : Pieni talo preerialla. Season 1, discs 1 & 2.
Abstract: The forests of East Usambara.
Landmines in war and peace
The American backwoods frontier : an ethnic and ecological interpretation
Jane's mines and mine clearance
The Finnish MCM 2010 project : three MCM ships, a variety of sensor systems and a Mine Warfare Data Center
Economics of forest land clearing for agriculture
Metsäkoneet : käsin kannateltavat moottorisahat : sanasto = Machinery for forestry : portable hand-held chain-saws : vocabulary
Suitsutare. 5, Valitud artiklid = selected articles
Effectiveness of delayed brush cutting and herbicide treatments for vegetation control in a seven-year-old jack pine plantation in northwestern Ontario, Canada
Harvennuspuun koneelliset korjuuvaihtoehdot : HARKO-projektin (1999-2001) loppuraportti = Alternative harvesting systems in mechanised thinning: final report of HARKO Project (1999-2001)
Man's influence on nature in Finland
...If you traveled west in a covered wagon
The Long earth
Reclamation and cultivation of peat-bog soils
Lumisen virran mies: the McGregor saga. 1. kausi, box 2.
