http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3136 loudspeakers
loudspeakers speakers
Genelec 1978-2003 : 25th anniversary
Hi-fi choice : Helsinki
Handmade electronic music : the art of hardware hacking
Auto audio : choosing, installing, and maintaining car stereo systems
Audio engineering explained
Sound and recording : an introduction
The sound reinforcement handbook
Tiivistelmä: Distibution and consumer behaviour in St. Petersburg loudspeaker market.
Basic live sound
Sound media : from live journalism to music recording
Anatomy of a home studio : how everything really works, from microphones to MIDI
Abstract:.
Sound reproduction : loudspeakers and rooms
The loudspeaker design cookbook
Loudspeakers : for music recording and reproduction
Fender amps / The first fifty years
High performance loudspeakers
The science of sound
Genelec 1978-2013 : 35 vuotta kestävää kehitystä = 35 years of sustainable development
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of acoustics
Testing loudspeakers
Ice : the definitive guide to in-car entertainment
Genelec® : 30 years of sustainable development : 1978-2008
The Audio expert
How electronic things work ... and what to do when they don't
Designing, building, and testing your own speaker system with projects
Audio engineering 101 : a beginner's guide to music production
Audio and Hi-Fi handbook
The live sound manual
Electroacoustic devices : microphones and loudspeakers
The ultimate guitar tone handbook : a definitive guide to creating and recording great guitar sounds
Master handbook of audio production : a guide to standards, equipment, and system design
Theory & design of loudspeaker enclosures
Live sound PA for performing musicians
Acoustics and hearing
Live sound reinforcement : a comprehensive guide to P.A. and music reinforcement systems and technology
Sound for the stage
The electrostatic loudspeaker design cookbook
The Loudspeaker Design Cookbook
PA Design and Optimization : a closer look to the factors and steps needed to achieve a good sound.
Fundamental amplifier techniques with electron tubes : theory and practice with design methods for self construction
Advanced speaker designs for the hobbyist and technician
The science of electric guitars and guitar electronics
Creative recording. 3, acoustics, soundproofing and monitoring
Sound and recording
Sound recording
Tipbook Amplifiers and Effects : The Complete Guide
Measurements for transducers in mechanics
Home theater design : planning and decorating media-savvy interiors
The purpose of this thesis was to build an Arduino controlled turntable which can be used to measure the directivity patterns of loudspeakers. Previously the measurements have been done by moving the microphone around the loudspeaker or by turning the loudspeaker by hand. Both of these methods suffer from poor accuracy of the angle of measurement. When the loudspeaker is instead placed on a stepper motor turntable the angle of measurement can be controlled with high accuracy. The project consisted of adding an Arduino controlled motor control circuit, power supply solution and a box to a given turntable assembly. Because the measurement requires silent environment, a short-range radio remote control which enables easy operation from an adjacent room, was added to the device. The project resulted in a working turntable, which can be used in loudspeaker measurements.
Integration of injection molded audio components
The rich timbre of cellulose
The audiophile loudspeaker : anyone can build
Sound systems : design and optimization : modern techniques and tools for sound system design and alignment
Marshall : the book of loud : an essential miscellany of musical knowledge
Broadcast sound technology
Sound check : the basics of sound and sound systems
The art of sound reproduction
Arduino controlled turntable for loudspeaker directivity pattern measurements
Oneone concept design: speaker & packaging : product development and brand design for a portable loudspeaker and its packaging
Sound design : classic audio & hi-fi design
Newnes audio and Hi-Fi handbook
Distribution and consumer behaviour in St. Petersburg loudspeaker market : exploring the demand for Avalanche loudspeakers
Loudspeaker and headphone handbook
Sound system engineering
Basic live sound reinforcement : a practical guide for starting live audio
Immediate invisible
Public loudspeakers : information & disinformation
