http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3131 risk analysis
risk analysis
Moral jeopardy : risks of accepting money from the alcohol, tobacco and gambling industries
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 4.
Evaluation of certain food additives : sixty-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives : [Geneva, 6 - 17 June 2005]
Abstract: Enlargement of the environmental management system - including the production plants of Nakkila and Säkylä into the ISO 14001 system.
A new method for real option valuation using fuzzy numbers
Economics and management of climate change : risks, mitigation and adaptation
A new method for estimation of ex ante equity risk premiums
IHS Jane's Sentinel country risk assessments : Eastern Mediterranean
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
Predicting credit risk levels in online peer to peer lending using neural network
Forty years of normative portfolio theory : issues, controversies, and misconceptions : George M. Frankfurter and Herbert E. Phillips
System design and risk assessment for safety critical control software product lines
Guidelines for pest risk analysis
The sensitivity of the Austrian forests to scenarios of climatic change : a large-scale risk assessment
Risk analysis in forest management
IHS Jane's Sentinel country risk assessments : North Africa
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Encyclopedia of quantitative risk analysis and assessment. Vol 2
IHS Jane's sentinel country risk assessments : Central Europe and the Baltic States
The role of problem analysis and risk management in a succesful project : guidelines for preparing for risks
Determinants of outcome in adult cardiac surgery
IHS Jane's Sentinel country risk assessments : North America
"This well-grounded and practical guide highlights the underlying causes of crowd disasters and mass fatalities--living readers insight into the root causes of crowd related accidents. It presents a clearer understanding of crowd dynamics and provides the reader with fundamental modeling techniques to plan and manage and improve crowd safely in places of public assembly. The book is written for students and professionals in a number of areas such as event planning, licensing/approval and event operation, including the emergency services." --
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
Oil prices and stock returns : evidence from emerging markets
Chemical risk analysis
Hazard identification and evaluation in a local community
IHS Jane's sentinel country risk assessments : Central Africa
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-eighth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 3.
Managing energy price risk
How the mighty fall : and why some companies never give in
Managing business risk : a practical guide to protecting your business
Global financial stability report : financial market turbulence causes consequences and policies. October 2007.
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
Information security management: semi-intelligent risk analytic audit
Irmi's political risk insurance guide
IHS Jane's Sentinel country risk assessments : the Gulf States
From ancient Rome to rock 'n' roll : a review of the UK leisure security industry
Import risk analysis : animals and animal products
Fundamentals of Vulnerability Assessment
The impact of firm resources on international entry mode strategy : the moderating effect of country specific risk factors
Greener management international : the journal of corporate environmental strategy and practice
Making enterprise risk management pay off
Likelihood ratio approach to interval estimation of inverse dose-response in the beta-binominal model
Thick concepts in practice : Normative aspects 0f risk and safety
Physical and technical security : an introduction
IHS Jane's Sentinel country risk assessments : Southern Africa
Modelling dependent uncertainties by multivariate Gaussian distributions in SMAA
Emergency planning handbook
Tietoriskien arviointi = Risk analysis and risk assessment : an overview of basic ideas and commonly used techniques
Hazard identification methods
Analysis and design of security aspects for information management system : the case of DACAD Ltd
Executive protection : rising to the challenge
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Expert judgment in analysis of human and organizational behaviour at nuclear power plants
Invasive insects in Europe : the role of climate change and global trade
Bayesian risk analysis of rare events, such as catastrophes, by means of expert assessments
Applied crime analysis
Linear hedge fund index replication : revolutionizing hedge fund industry or introducing poor-performing alternatives for hedge funds?
IHS Jane's Sentinel country risk assessments : West Africa
Measuring counterparty credit risk under the revised Basel II framework
Adopting ISO 17799 information security framework : for billing information system : the case of Ethiopian Telecommunication Corporation
A Bayesian network based on-line risk prediction framework for interdependent critical infrastructures
Balance sheet inlinkages and macro-finacial risk analysis in the euro area
Safer complex industrial environments : a human factors approach
37th R3 Nordic Contamination Control Symposium, Tampere, Finland, May 29 - 31, 2006
This purpose of this thesis was to make the reader familiar with the requirements of a disaster recovery plan. The objective was to give readers a basic knowledge of making a disaster recovery plan for their own company or organization. The thesis describes on a general level which facts should be included in the recovery plan, how the whole recovery plan process flow in general proceeds, and how the recovery plan should be analyzed. The target group of the thesis was a validation laboratory of an electronics industry, whose point of view had to be taken into account in the requirements of the disaster recovery plan. The special features of the validation laboratory of the electronics company were also taken into account. The companies should have a valid disaster recovery plan. Especially the companies should take care of their organizations or departments that find it difficult to recovery from disasters.The validation laboratories of electronics companies are included in a high-risk group, because the laboratories use measuring equipment that requires a lot of resources to reorder new equipment, and new measuring equipment has long delivery times. It is common that the delivery times are at least six months or even longer. It is also difficult to find and rebuild new premises for a validation laboratory and it will require a lot of resources and capital from the company. In the thesis process flows for the creation of the disaster recovery plan for the validation laboratory of the electronics industry were developed The whole disaster recovery plan process, step by step, was explained using the process flows, and the special features of the validation laboratory were taken into account. In addition, tables and methods that support designing the disaster recovery plan for the validation laboratory were developed in the thesis.The descriptions of process flows can also be used when designing a disaster recovery plan for other organizations or companies. Before re-using the process flows in another organization, all special features of the plan to be taken care of should be considered. The process flows should be updated to suit to the new organization or company.
Risk Analysis of the Pakistani Textile Industry : A Macro Analysis
HACCP : a practical approach
Probability and risk analysis : an introduction for engineers
Managing in the Turbulent World Economy : corporate performance and risk exposure
Assessing risks with the Monte Carlo method in long-term service agreements : case Petroleum
Practice Standard for Project Risk Management
Cogeneration planning under the deregulated power market and emissions trading scheme
Left of bang : how the Marine Corps' combat hunter program can save your life
"Tobacco, alcohol and gambling corporations have been highly effective in stalling, diverting and blocking public health measures. This book provides an original and engaging expose; of the ethical issues faced by people and organizations when they accept industry money in ways that facilitate corporate influence with the public and with policy makers. It starts with a detailed examination of the risks of accepting such profits and what might be done to reduce them, then moves on to introduce the concept of a continuum of 'moral jeopardy' which shifts the emphasis from accept/not accept binaries to a focus on the extent to which people are willing to accept funding. This shift encourages people to think and speak more about the risks and to develop clearer positions for themselves. The content will be helpful to those working in government agencies, addiction services, community organizations or anyone interested in reducing the harms of addictive consumption"--Provided by publisher.
Model uncertainty in safety assessment
An introduction to derivatives and risk management
Practical risk analysis : an approach through case histories
Risk analysis and the security survey
Environmental management. Volume III, Instruments for implementation
Uncertainty and risk : mental, formal, experimental representations
Risky strategy : understanding risk to improve strategic decisions
Reliability data collection and analysis
"Risk management is dynamic, with new risks being identified on a continuous basis and risk management techniques adapting to these new challenges. The Risk Management Handbook provides a clear view of the current state of play in the risk management landscape while also looking ahead to the issues in the future. Part One of the book covers the main areas of risk management in business including: enterprise risk management, operational risk, and cyber risk. Chapter authors focus on the distinctive features of their subject and also draw out the overarching themes that apply to all forms of risk management. Part Two introduces and explains emerging trends, from risk-based thinking to communicating uncertainty and ethical risk to risk-based decision-making"--
Reliability importance measures and their calculation
Security and loss prevention : an introduction
Finnish wood harvesting contractors' risks in Russia
Benchmark exercise on major hazard analysis. Vol. 2 Part 2, Summary contributions of participants
Risk profiling of organizations
Uses of risk importance measures : technical report
Introduction to crowd science
Bubble value at risk : Extremistan and procyclicaty
Essays on sharing, management and evaluation of health risks
Responsible use of antibiotics in aquaculture
Managing risks in the European periphery debt crisis : lessons from the trade-off between economics, politics and the financial markets
ISO 31000 : risk management - a practical guide for SMEs
Information systems development in developing countries : risk management and sustainability analysis in nigerian software companies
The behavior-based safety process : managing involvement for an injury-free culture
"Preface 'Safety First' is 'Safety Always'. Charles M. Hayes The safety of the people shall be the highest law. Marcus Tullius Cicero In this book, we* demonstrate how crowd accidents and incidents--specifically mass fatalities in crowded spaces--can occur, and how they can be avoided using simple, practical and low-cost analysis techniques. We explore the underlying causes of accidents and incidents, and provide the reader with a comprehensive set of tools for crowd risk analysis and crowd safety engineering. These tools, methods and worked examples come for over two decades of consulting on major crowd projects. We have also been teaching, training and developing applications around the world for over 10 years; these methods have been applied to many major events in the United Kingdom, the United States and elsewhere. We demonstrate real-world case studies from a range of event sites and demonstrate how we ensured safety in some complex sites. Throughout the book we focus on the practical elements of developing the crowd risk analysis and crowd safety aspects of an event plan, with consideration to places of public assembly, major events and large-scale urban environments. We define a range of modelling techniques, including line diagrams that represent crowd flow, calculations of the speed at which a space can fill, and of the time it takes for that space to reach critical and then crush density. We define a method of understanding, * Over the years, a variety of associates have worked with the author, in the field, on operational research, development and teaching activities described throughout the book. Their names are listed in the acknowledgements. Although we are using the academic convention hroughout this book, "we" refers to the author experience and"--
Air rage : the underestimated safety risk
Engineering construction risks : a guide to project risk analysis and assessment : implications for project clients and project managers
The 30 day MBA in business finance : your fast track guide to business success
Science, risk analysis and environmental policy decisions
Security risk assessment and management : a professional practice guide for protecting buildings and infrastructures
Risk measures in living probabilistic safety assessment
The credit risk of complex derivatives
Auditing : a risk analysis approach
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-seventh report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Requirements of a disaster recovery plan for a validation laboratory
4th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 12 June 1998, Berlin, Germany = 4. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen : proceedings. Volume 2
Practical risk management for the CIO
Classics in risk management. Vol. 2
Risk aversion and optimal rotation : a stochastic efficiency approach
The risk management handbook : a practical guide to managing the multiple dimensions of risk
Encyclopedia of quantitative risk analysis and assessment. Vol 3
Sum-product algorithms for the analysis of genetic risks
External information security threats in the near future : case: Neste Oil
A method for continuous information technology supervision : the case of the Estonian financial sector
Studyguide for Coso enterprise risk management : understanding the new integrated ERM framework
Project management with dynamic scheduling : baseline scheduling, risk analysis and project control
Probabilistic fire simulator : theory and user's manual for version 1.2
IHS Jane's Sentinel country risk assessments : China and Northeast Asia
Feature interaction testing for series 60 devices
Financial ratio analysis and mathematical programming : pattern recognition models for default risk assessment
Business continuity planning : a project management approach
Evaluation of certain veterinary drug residues in food : seventy-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Auditing concepts and applications : a risk analysis approach
Business Plan for Indoor Beach Volleyball Arena : MOU Beachvolley Oy
Investigating seven case companies from the Oulu South region of Finland : SCA and DEA methods
Analysing political business environment : systematic approach to political risk analysis in developing countries
Risk analysis in project management
The risk of school rampage : assessing and preventing threats of school violence
Guidelines for hazard evaluation procedures
Grounded View to Technical Risks of Satellite Based Tracking Systems: A Multimethodology Research
Counterterrorism : reassessing the policy response
The psychology of risk
Risk-based environmental decisions : culture and methods
Mastering risk. Vol. 2, Applications
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 2.
The security risk assessment handbook : a complete guide for performing security risk assessments
Risk and culture : an essay on the selection of technical and environmental dangers
Future risks and risk management
Methods to improve testing effectiveness in product development process : a case study in ABB distribution automation
Credibility measures : a basis for risk theory and management
Enlargement of the environmental management system : including the production plants of Nakkila and Säkylä into the ISO 14001 system
Safety and reliability : technology theme : final report
How to be a successful entrepreneur : spot the opportunity, take the risk and build a brilliant business
Mathematical methods of environmental risk modeling
Introducing a New Business Model : Die Storage Service for Purso Oy
Import of fruits from Spain to Finland
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
A random walk down Wall Street : the time-tested strategy for successful investing
The new ISO 9001:2015 : Its opportunities and challenges
Building security : strategies & costs : risk assessment, security planning, cost data for construction & security systems
Is it safe? : reasoning in policy-making under uncertainty
Fat-tailed stable distributions in value-at-risk estimation
Environmental aspects related to nanomaterials
Finnish wood harvesting contractors have been working in Russia since the 1990s and new entrepreneurs are still interested in starting operations there, even though Russia is not an easy business environment. This study identifies the most significant risks in contracting in Russia. Risks were identified through expert evaluation and a risk analysis was conducted by using a risk matrix. Possible preventative measures were assessed for the identified risks. Some risks were found to be common in Russia and Finland, for example a limited number of clients, dependency on a few clients, and weak negotiating positions. A stable amount of work, i.e. the availability of stands for harvesting, was also a challenge on the both sides of border. Typical problems in Russia were breaches of contract, especially disagreements on wood measurement and payment delays, potentially causing serious economic losses. Specific to Russia were problems related to machine service and spare parts, as well as security issues. The professional skills of machine operators, as well as changing work motivation were risks in Russia. Cultural differences lead to more challenging supervision and management of staff. Among the external factors, the most challenging in Russia were unhealthy competition in the marketplace and non-transparent and the unpredictable procedures of the authorities. In Russia problems caused by seasonality are amplified by the sparse road network and longer downtime. The revealed specific features of the Russian business environment can help Finnish wood harvesting companies to plan a risk management process for operations in Russia.
Effective physical security
"Designed for easy reference, the Fourth Edition contains important coverage of environmental design, security surveys, locks, lighting, and CCTV as well as new chapters covering the latest in the ISO standards for Risk Assessment & Risk Management, physical security planning, network systems infrastructure, and environmental design. This new edition continues to serve as a valuable reference for experienced security practitioners as well as students in undergraduate and graduate security programs"--
ISO 31000 : risk management - principles and guidelines
Disaster recovery planning
IHS Jane's Sentinel country risk assessments : Western Europe
Probabilistic risk analysis : foundations and methods
Development of advanced tool for financial analysis. : The case of UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Risk management : principles and guidelines = Management du risque : principes et lignes directrices
The purpose of this thesis was to clarify what kind of external information security threats can be expected in years 2013-2015 and how these threats can be targeted to Neste Oil and its operation in Finland including company's administrative side, refineries and shipping. Country level threats, such as cyber-war is not considered in this research. This thesis is a part of Neste Oil's risk assessment process where results of the external threats are evaluated by their likelihood and impact factors. Literary research, personal interviews and a risk analysis were used as the research methods. The threats were surveyed on the basis of the sources which consisted of news articles, experts' evaluations, analyses, forecasts, different researches and reports. Neste Oil's perspective was surveyed with the help of personal interviews. A risk analysis was made based on the external information security threats that were found in the research. The thesis indicated that the most serious information security threats in the future are the  following: threats regarding consumerization, activists and the different attack types they usually execute, targeted attacks and cyber-espionage performed by cyber criminals, attacks on physical devices via cyberspace, and threats regarding cloud services and GPS-systems. A scored risk assessment of the external threats was created together with representatives from Neste Oil. Targeted attacks and cyber-espionage rose together with activists to be the biggest external information security risks for Neste Oil.
Export Fruits from Spain to Finland. Case: Karamelo Citrus S.L.L.
Modernizing legacy systems : software technologies, engineering processes, and business practices
Risk and return in commodity futures markets
A guide to risk analysis and customs controls
Applying extreme value theory and tail risk measures to reduce portfolio losses
Encyclopedia of quantitative risk analysis and assessment. Vol 4
Risk analysis with the classical actuarial risk model : theoretical extensions and applications to reinsurance
Information security risk analysis
Constructing risk and safety in technological practice
Risk analysis : assessing uncertainties beyond expected values and probabilities
Risk : evaluation, management and sharing
Strategic cost analysis for project managers and engineers
Auditing concepts and applications : a risk-analysis approach
On the use of expert judgement in the qualification of risk assessment
Natural disaster hotspots case studies
Risk happens! : managing risk and avoiding failure in business projects
Comparison of QRA and vulnerability analysis : does analysis lead to more robust and resilient systems?
Risk analysis of water pollution
Readings in security management : principles and practices
Risk Assessment Procedures In Audit Planning : The case of Mazars Vietnam Co., Ltd
Holistic risk management in practice
Human exposure information for EU substance risk assessment of gas oils
Human reliability assessment : theory and practice
Risk and asset allocation
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Comprehensive risk analysis model for border guards : a tool for knowledge based border management
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
