http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3146 micropropagation
micropropagation
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 3, Gymnosperms
Abstract.
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Micro and Macro Technologies for Plant Propagation and Breeding in Horticulture : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
High-tech and micropropagation. 1
Adapted propagation techniques for commercial crops of the tropics : proceedings of the Southeast Asian Regional Workshop on Propagation Techniques for Commercial Crops of the Tropics, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, 7-12 February, 1993
Woody plant biotechnology
Crops 2
Plant propagation by tissue culture. The background. Vol. 1.
Hartmann and Kester's plant propagation : principles and practices
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on New Floricultural Crops : Funchal, Portugal, 11-15
Third International Cherry Symposium : Ullensvang, Norway and Aarslev, Denmark 23-29 July 1997 : Vol. 1 & 2
Plant propagation : principles and practices
Breeding tropical trees : population structure and genetic improvement strategies in clonal and seedling forestry : proceedings of a conference held in Pattaya, Thailand 28 November - 3 December 1988
Field performance of hybrid aspen clones planted in summer
Plants from test tubes : an introduction to micropropagation
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on In Vitro Culture and Horticultural Breeding : Brisbane, Australia, August 24-28, 2008
Involvement of the superoxide dismutase enzyme in the mycorrhization process
Micropropagation of woody plants
Plant cell and tissue culture techniques used in plant breeding
Trees. 3
Plant biotechnology : comprehensive biotechnology. Supplement 2
Success of micropropagated woody landscape plants under northern growing conditions and changing environment
Micropropagation of orchids
Optimizing shoot proliferation and rooting of micropropagated Japanese quince (Chaenomeles japopica (Thunb.) Lindl. ex. Spach)
Establishment and use of juvenility for plant propagation in sterile and non-sterile conditions
Introduction to plant biotechnology
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 2, Angiosperms
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 1, History, molecular and biochemical aspects and application
Effect of arbuscular mycorrhiza on the growth and development of micropropagated Annona cherimola plants
Adventitious rooting, micropropagation and the growth in Pinus contorta and Pinus sylvestris
Effect of arbuscular mycorrhizas on crown rot (Phytophthora cactorum) in micropropagated strawberry plants
In vitro culture of trees
Selection and propagation of hybrid aspen clones for growth and fibre quality
Genetic diversity, evolution and domestication in sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.)
Micropropagation of Betula and Quercus : Initial reports of the woody plant working group : COST 87
Pelargonium micropropagation and pathogen elimination : COST 87 : a report of the Pelargonium Working Group
Micropropagation of hybrid aspen
Winter hardiness of micropropagated and conventionally propagated strawberry plants
Enhancement of micropropagation of Lonicera and Malus by exogenous factors
Symposium on in vitro problems related to mass propagation of horticultural plants : a symposium in the C.E.C. programme for the coordination of agricultural research. Vol. 1-2
The application of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi to micropropagation systems : an opportunity to reduce chemical inputs
Arbuscular mycorrhizae and growth enhancement of micropropagated Prunus rootstock in different soilless potting mixes
In vitro propagation and microrhizome induction in Zingiber cassumunar (Roxb.) : an antioxidant-rich medicinal plant
Proceedings of the Fifth International Symposium on In Vitro Culture and Horticultural Breeding : Debrecen, Hungary, September 12-17, 2004
High-tech and micropropagation. 2
Biotechnology in forest tree improvement : with special reference to developing countries
Micropropagation of potatoes : comparisons of different methods
Micropropagation of floricultural crops
Plant tissue culture engineering
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Methods and Markers for Quality Assurance in Micropropagation : Cork, Ireland 24-27 August 1999
Rapid propagation of fast-growing woody species
Pelargonium micropropagation and pathogen elimination
[Abstract].
Seed production of micropropagated plants, grafts and seedlings of birch in a seed orchard
Proceedings of the Ist Balkan Symposium on Fruit Growing : Plovdiv, Bulgaria, November 15-17, 2007
Protocols for micropropagation of woody trees and fruits
Proceedings of the IVth international symposium on acclimatization and establishment of micropropagated plants
The potato
Micropropagation : technology and application
Plant tissue culture concepts and laboratory exercises
Contribution of arbuscular mycorrhizas to biological protection of micropropagated pineapple (Ananas comosus) (L.) Merr) against Phytophthora cinnamomi Rands
Micropropagation in the strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) inbred lines
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Acclimatization and Establishment of Micropropagated Plants : Mayan Riviera, Cancun, Mexico, November 22-26, 2004
Protocol for somatic embryogenesis in woody plants
Biotechnology of fruit and nut crops
Cryopreservation of buds and in vitro shoot tips of Betula pendula
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on In Vitro Culture and Horticultural Breeding : Ghent, Belgium, September 18-22, 2011
Micropropagated silver birches (Betula pendula) in the field : performance and clonal differences
Horticulture - new technologies and applications : proceedings of the International seminar on new frontiers in horticulture, organized by Indo-American Hybrid Seeds, Bangalore, India, November 25-28, 1990
Protocols for in vitro propagation of ornamental plants
Screening of birch for rust resistance
In vitro mycorrhization of micropropagated Helianthemum almeriense plantlets with Terfezia claveryi (desert truffle)
Proceedings of the Ist International Orchid Symposium : Taichung, Taiwan, January 12 - 15, 2010
Micropropagation of rhubarb with special reference to weaning stage and subsequent growth
International symposium on propagation of ornamental plants, Geisenheim, Germany F.R., August 23-29, 1987 : vol. 1-2
Control by arbuscular endomycorrhizae of Pratylenchus brachyurus in pineapple microplants
Biotechnology in horticultural crop improvement : achievements, oppurtunities and limitations : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress: Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
The black locust
Energy from biomass 4 : proceedings of the Third Contractors' Meeting Paestum, 25-27 May 1988
Effect of inoculation with arbuscular mycorrhizas on rooting, weaning and subsequent growth of micropropagated Malus (L.) Moench
Summary.
Performance of micropropagated plants of silver birch (Betula pendula) in a field trial
Mycorrhization of micropropagated mature wild cherry (Prunus avium L.) and common ash (Fraxinus excelsior L.)
Scale-up and automation in plant propagation
Micropropagation of some adult Betula species
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Plant Biotechnology : from Bench to Commercialization : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Micropropagation of the Apple Rootstock M26 : the Swedish results from an European Cooperation Project, COST -87
Micropropagation of woody trees and fruits
Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Acclimatization and Establishment of Micropropagated plants : Sani-Halkidiki, Macedonia, Greece, 19-22 September. 2001
Breeding of broad-leaved trees and micropropagation of forest trees : proceedings of the meeting of the Nordic Group for Tree Breeding in Finland 19.-21.9.1989
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Acclimatization and Establishment of Micropropagated Plants
Micropropagation of Sitka spruce
Microcutting propagation of pine and spruce
Growth, crown structure and seed production of birch seedlings, grafts and micropropagated plants
Effects of 6-benzylaminopurine, thidiazuron and type of explant on in vitro shoot development of Acer platanoides L.
Proceedings of the 1st ISHS Symposium on in vitro culture and horticultural breeding, Cesena (Italy): May, 30 - June 3, 1989
The reference manual of woody plant propagation : from seed to tissue culture : a practical working guide to the propagation of over 1100 species, varieties and cultivars
Proceedings of the IIIrd International Symposium on Acclimatization and Establishment of Micropropagated plants : University of Algarve, Faro, Portugal, September 12-15, 2007
Regeneration and micropropagation : techniques, systems and media 1997-1999
Proceedings of the tenth North American forest biology workshop : physiology and genetics of reforestation July 20-22, 1988 Vancouver, British Columbia
The impact of biotechnology in agriculture : proceedings of the International conference:" The meeting point between fundamental and applied in vitro culture research", held at Amiens (France), July 10-12, 1989
International symposium on plant biotechnology and its contribution to the improvement, the multiplication and the development of plants, Geneva, Switzerland, April 19 - April 20, 1991
