http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3159 arithmetic
arithmetic
Developing number knowledge : assessment, teaching and intervention with 7-11 year olds
Pathways to number : children's developing numerical abilities
The foundations of arithmetic : a logico-mathematical enquiry into the concept of number
Models of Peano arithmetic
Discrete mathematics with applications
Mathematics for engineers : a modern interactive approach
Codex Constantinopolitanus : Palatii veteris no. 1. 3, Translation and commentary
Principia mathematica
The arithmetic of elliptic curves
Basic laws of arithmetic : derived using concept-script. Volumes I & II
The theology of arithmetic : number symbolism in Platonism and early Christianity
Schaum's outline of review of elementary mathematics
Treasury of classroom arithmetic activities
Commentary to Nicomachus' Introduction to arithmetic
The world of mathematics : a small library of the literature of mathematics from A'h-mosé the Scribe to Albert Einstein
In this book, the editors have selected articles and notes which aid an understanding of number theory. The chapters cover arithmetic, primes, irrationality, sums of squares and polygonal numbers, Fibonacci numbers, number theoretic functions and elliptic curves, cubes, and Fermat's last theorem.
Children's arithmetic : how they learn it and how you teach it
Arithmetic
Computational number theory
Arithmetic Built-In Self-Test for embedded systems
The origin of arithmetic skills : a phenomenographic approach
Young children continue to reinvent arithmetic - 2nd grade : implications of Piaget's theory
Introduction to cardinal arithmetic
Principles and practices in arithmetic teaching : innovative approaches for the primary classroom
Deflationism and arithmetical truth
Visual thinking in mathematics : an epistemological study
Arithmetic and algebra
This book is an introduction to analytic number theory suitable for beginning graduate students. It covers everything one expects in a first course in this field, such as growth of arithmetic functions, existence of primes in arithmetic progressions, and the Prime Number Theorem. But it also covers more challenging topics that might be used in a second course, such as the Siegel-Walfisz theorem, functional equations of L-functions, and the explicit formula of von Mangoldt. For students with an interest in Diophantine analysis, there is a chapter on the Circle Method and Waring's Problem. Those with an interest in algebraic number theory may find the chapter on the analytic theory of number fields of interest, with proofs of the Dirichlet unit theorem, the analytic class number formula, the functional equation of the Dedekind zeta function, and the Prime Ideal Theorem.
Engineering mathematics through applications
Gottlob Frege's 'Grundgesetze der Arithmetik', or 'Basic Laws of Arithmetic', was intended to be his magnum opus, the book in which he would finally establish his logicist philosophy of arithmetic. But because of the disaster of Russell's "Paradox", which undermined Frege's proofs, the more mathematical parts of the book have rarely been read. Richard G. Heck, Jr., aims to change that, and establish it as a neglected masterpiece that must be placed at the center of Frege's philosophy. Part I of 'Reading Frege's Grundgesetze' develops an interpretation of the philosophy of logic that informs Grundgesetze, paying especially close attention to the difficult sections of Frege's book in which he discusses his notorious 'Basic Law V' and attempts to secure its status as a law of logic. Part II examines the mathematical basis of Frege's logicism, explaining and exploring Frege's formal arguments.
Computer organization and design : the hardware/software interface
Mathematical thought : an introduction to the philosophy of mathematics
The commentary on the De arithmetica of Boethius
The earliest arithmetics in English
Arithmetic for teachers : with applications and topics from geometry
Children and number : difficulties in learning mathematics
Young children reinvent arithmetic : implications of Piaget's theory
Advanced finite element methods
Digital control systems : theory, hardware, software
Estimation and mental computation
Interpretability formalized = Interpreteerbaarheid geformaliseerd
Abstract analytic number theory
Theory of functions
The tutor to true English, 1687.
The man of numbers : Fibonacci's arithmetic revolution
Introduction to logic and to the methodology of deductive sciences
Computer arithmetic systems : algorithms, architecture and implementation
Sums of squares of integers
BigNum math : implementing cryptographic multiple precision arithmetic
Biscuits of number theory
Discrete mathematics for computing
Advanced engineering mathematics : a new edition of further engineering mathematics
Number, shape, and symmetry : an introduction to number theory, geometry, and group theory
Flexibilization of mental arithmetic strategies on a different knowledge base : the empty number line in a realistic versus gradual program design
Write great code. Volume 1, Understanding the machine
Arithmetic and algebra ... again
A possible and necessary consistency proof
p-adic numbers : an introduction
Early childhood mathematics
Collected works. Vol. 10, Philosophy of arithmetic : psychological and logical investigations : with supplementary texts from 1887-1901
Thinking mathematically : integrating arithmetic and algebra in elementary school
The basic laws of arithmetic : exposition of the system
The development of arithmetic concepts and skills : constructing adaptive expertise
Advanced topics in the arithmetic of elliptic curves
Presentation of the fundamental principles and practices of modern digital design. Transistor-level implementations are included, which allow the readers to gain a solid understanding of a circuit's real potential and limitations, and to develop a realistic perspective on the practical design of actual integrated circuits. Coverage includes the largest selection available of digital circuits in all categories (combinational, sequential, logical, or arithmetic). Coverage also includes detailed digital design techniques, with a thorough discussion on state-machine modeling for the analysis and design of complex sequential systems. Key technologies used in modern circuits are also described, including Bipolar, MOS, ROM/RAM, and CPLD/FPGA chips, as well as codes and techniques used in data storage and transmission.--from publisher description.
Special functions and their applications
Remarks on the arithmetic properties of certain hypergeometric series of Gauss and Heine
Higher engineering mathematics
Basic structures of function field arithmetic
Learning the three r's
Rational points on elliptic curves
Classical arithmetical identities involving a generalization of Ramanujan's sum
Children, learning, numbers : a phenomenographic excursion into first-grade children's arithmetic
Discrete mathematics with combinatorics
Early numeracy : assessment for teaching and intervention
Experiences in math for young children
Young children reinvent arithmetic : impilications of Piagetś theory
Arithmetic and logic in computer systems
Higher arithmetic : an algorithmic introduction to number theory
Digital electronics and design with VHDL
The social life of numbers : a Quechua ontology of numbers and philosophy of arithmetic
The abacus
Basic mathematical skills : a guided approach
Teaching math to students with learning disabilities : implications and solutions
Understanding arithmetic
An invitation to arithmetic geometry
Discrete mathematics : numbers and beyond
A course in arithmetic
Issues in teaching numeracy in primary schools
Frege's theorem
Teaching number in the classroom with 4-8 year olds
Proceedings of the International Conference on Algebraic Groups and Arithmetic, Mumbai, 2001
Reasoning by mathematical induction in children's arithmetic
Complex interval arithmetic and its applications
The art of computer programming. Volume 2, Seminumerical algorithms
The higher arithmetic : an introduction to the theory of numbers
Substitutions in dynamics, arithmetics and combinatorics
A course in analytic number theory
The search for mathematical roots 1870-1940 : logics, set theories and the foundations of mathematics from Cantor through Russell to Gödel
Numbers in presence and absence : a study of Husserl's philosophy of mathematics
Computer systems organization & architecture
Education and psychology. Vol. 7, Psychology of number : and its application to methods of teaching arithmetic
Punctuation practice in a 15th-century arithmetical treatise (MS. Bodley 790)
Foundation mathematics
Engineering mathematics
Introduction to digital electronics
Computer arithmetic : algorithms and hardware designs
Children discover arithmetic : an introduction to structural arithmetic
Newnes Mathematics Pocket Book for Engineers
Young children continue to reinvent arithmetic - 2nd grade : impilications of Piagetś theory
