http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p315 Latvians
Latvians
The Baltic states : Latvia, Lithuania & Estonia
The sower in exile
The testimony of lives : narrative and memory in post-Soviet Latvia
The image of Finland in Latvian periodicals 1919-1929
Who are Latvians?
How to present a world apart : finding a ratio in introducing the medieval North and publishing the Chronicon livoniae of Henry of Latvia
Back to the motherland : repatriation and Latvian émigrés 1955-1958
Hard labour : the forgotten voices of Latvian migrant 'volunteer' workers
Saint-Petersburg : Russian, European and beyond
This book brings together life stories from five generations of Balts, living through the diverse and recurring transformations of the twentieth century: occupations, war, independence, totalitarianism, and democratic rule and market economy. The twentieth century history of the Baltic countries has often been deeply tragic. Lying on the coastline of the Baltic Sea, these rather small but strategically well located territories have historically found themselves in the middle of many power struggles between larger states, empires and other power-holders: the Teutonic Knights, Swedish kings, Tsarist Russia, Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union. Today, they are once again forced to stand up to the Russian Federation. Biographical interviewing is a field focused on individuals, and on how those individuals choose to re-create and present their lived lives, make meaning of it through the narratives they tell. To interpret the biographical narrations of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians, shaped by complex and controversial historical background, the authors use Pierre Bourdieu's concept of social and cultural capitals, the principles of Erving Goffman's framing analysis and Alessandro Portelli's distinction of private and public spheres, Anton Steen's investigations of post-Socialist elites and Piotr Sztompka's theory of cultural trauma, etc. Given analyses of particular biographical narrations are supplemented by brief historical and sociological overviews, which allow the reader to better understand the contexts of lived lives, and the mental atmosphere in which the interviews were conducted.
Latvian-Americans in the post-Soviet era : cultural factors on return migration in oral history interviews
Latvian learners and the object in Finnish
From recognition to restoration : Latvia's history as a nation-state
Books in Latvia : From author to reader
Robežas : Rainis un Aspazija starp Latviju un šveici = Borders. Rainis and Aspazija between Latvia and Switzerland
Baltic biographies at historical crossroads
Abstract.
The Contribution of History to Latvian Identity
Baltic Sea region history : awareness among youth, national syllabi, and education
The case for Latvia : disinformation campaigns against a small nation : fourteen hard questions and straight answers about a Baltic country
Marriage migration and skills : narratives of Latvian women in Finland
Baltic studies in Australia. 1
Displaced literature : images of time and space in Latvian novels depicting the first years of the Latvian postwar exile
With dance shoes in Siberian snows
Baltic studies in Australia. 2
The chronicle of Henry of Livonia
"Destroy as much as possible..." : Latvian collaborationist formations on the territory of Belarus, 1942-1944. Document compendium
In defence of the Latvian language : against russification : documents from 1944-1989
In this second anthology introducing contemporary Baltic poetry, we meet the younger generation of Latvian poets who started writing and publishing after the country gained independence following the disintegration of the Soviet Union of which it had been part for half a century, a generation whose poetics is placed in a wider context by the editor and translator Ieva Lesinska and by the leading poet and translator of the older generation Juris Kronbergs, in their superbly informative introductions which offer many insights, both serious and witty, into the present and past of Latvian poetry.
The images of neighbours : Estonians and their neighbours
National history and identity : approaches to the writing of national history in the North-East Baltic region nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Re-inventing the nation : multidisciplinary perspectives on the construction of Latvian national identity
The Latvians : a short history
Latvian ethnic history
We sang through tears : stories of survival in Siberia
