http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3156 statistics (data)
statistics (data)
Finland's Balance of Payments
Rahalaitokset = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions. 2002.
Monetary financial institutions : annual review
Annual abstract of statistics
Foreign affiliates in Finland
International business statistics. Tyynen meren alue. Statistics Finland
Yearbook of Nordic Statistics 1993 = Nordisk statistisk årsbok 1993. Vol. 31, 1993
"Surveillance data collected in vital registration and TB notification systems provide essential information about the TB epidemic and programmatic efforts to control the disease at both national and local levels. Analysis of these data can help programme managers and other staff to track the level of and trends in TB disease burden, detect outbreaks of disease and identify ways to improve existing TB prevention, diagnostic and treatment services. This book provides practical guidance on the analysis and use of such surveillance data, and is suitable for a wide range of people engaged in TB control. It was produced as a major collaborative effort as part of the work of the WHO's Global Task Force on TB Impact Measurement."--Back cover.
Statistics on offences and coercive measures
Education at a glance 2010 : OECD indicators
Hedelmöityshoidot 2007-2008 = Assisterad befruktning 2007-2008 = Assisted fertility treatments 2007-2008
The Nordic media market 2009 : media companies and business activities
Statistical yearbook 1993 = Annuaire statistique 1993.
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
Northwest Russian Forest Sector in a Nutshell
European Union accession and land tenure data in Central and Eastern Europe
Education at a glance 2013 : OECD indicators
Economy-wide material flow accounts
Financial statement statistics on credit institutions
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Statistical yearbook 1990/91 = Annuaire statistique
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Possibilities of co-operation in maritime occupational statistics
Topics discussed at the meeting included: a review of CWP membership; general reviews of progress since CWP-22, of intersessional CWP activities and those of the participating organizations; a report on the establishment of Capture Group and Aquaculture Group; methodology and new data requirements; revision of CWP handbook; integrating the regional databases; the introduction of FISHSTAT J; and improvement in visibility of CWP.--Publisher's description.
Nordic statistical yearbook 2008 = Nordisk statistisk årsbok 2008
Research and development
Central government guarantees
Pocket statistics
The geographical digest
Environmental protection expenditure in industry
Households' assets
Views on future maritime occupational accident statistics
Statistics in social research : an introduction
Progress report on the global response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, 2003 : executive summary
Quality of work life survey
The Social Insurance Institution pocket statistics
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
Hedelmöityshoidot 2010-2011 = Assisterad befruktning 2010-2011 = Assisted fertility treatments 2010-2011
Suomen lääketilasto 2011 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2011
Adult education of educational institutions
Monthly statistics on the foreign trade of goods
Handbook of basic graphs : a modern approach
Ammatilliset oppilaitokset = Yrkesläroanstalterna = Vocational education. 1982
Energy prices
Finnish Agriculture and Rural Industries
Prosecutions, sentences and punishments
Education at a glance 2008 : OECD indicators
Agriculture, forestry and fishery statistics : 2016 edition
Eläketurvakeskuksen tilastoja = Statistik från pensionsskyddscentralen = Statistics from the Finnish Centre for Pensions
"Reliable statistics of occupational accidents are necessary for rational improvement of safety of seafarers by benchmarking. Several organisations regularly publish maritime occupational accident data, but the comparisons and benchmarking are difficult for several reasons, which are discussed in this commentary. For this purpose, the content of published information was analysed in view of similar features and the possibilities of joint uses of the data were reviewed for four Nordic countries. The main purpose of this publication is to start a discussion on how the statistic information of maritime occupational accidents could be made comparable for the Nordic countries. The project CAFE was funded by the EU, the Regional Council of Päijät-Häme, Turku University of Applied Sciences and the participants from the industry. " --
The state of the world's children 2013 : children with disabilities
Money and Banking Statistics : annual review
Statistics on the finances of agricultural and forestry enterprises
On the accuracy of economic observations
Education at a glance 2007 : OECD indicators
Border Interview Survey
Just Plain Data Analysis teaches students statistical literacy skills that they can use to evaluate and construct arguments about public affairs issues grounded in numerical evidence. The book addresses skills that are often not taught in introductory social science research methods courses and that are often covered sketchily in the research methods textbooks: where to find commonly used measures of political and social conditions; how to assess the reliability and validity of specific indicators; how to present data efficiently in charts and tables; how to avoid common misinterpretations and misrepresentations of data; and how to evaluate causal arguments based on numerical data. With a new chapter on statistical fallacies and updates throughout the text, the new edition teaches students how to find, interpret, and present commonly used social indicators in an even clearer and more practical way.
Statistisk årbog 1992 = Statistical yearbook 1992.
Nordic statistical yearbook 2012 = Nordisk statistisk årsbok 2012
The Baltic and the Nordic countries : a collection of statistical data
Industrial output
Summary (s. 3)
Goods transport by road
Finland in figures. 2016
Foreign direct investments
Data mining and statistics for decision making
A history of the International Statistical Institute 1885-1960
Latvia statistics in brief. 1997
The Economist pocket world in figures : 2017 edition
Visit Finland visitor survey 2014.
Education at a glance 2009 : OECD indicators
The Promise of Pop-Up Entrepreneurship Towards Temporality And Ambidexterity On Entrepreneuring
Just plain data analysis : finding, presenting, and interpreting social science data
A safer municipality : the Safe Community operating model as a support for local safety planning
Indebtedness : rates of indebtedness
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
Education at a glance 2011 : OECD indicators
Suomen lääketilasto. 2008 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Sankhya : the Indian journal of statistics. Ser. A
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Statistics Uusimaa Helsinki Region
Facts about swedish horticulture
Offences known to the police
World tables : from the data files of the World Bank
Some uses of accident data in maritime occupational safety
Regional statistics on entrepreneurial activity
Do statistics document the history of cities?
Lithuania in figures. 1997
Trends in world production and trade : study
Summary.
The least developed countries 2000 report
This book is an authoritative handbook of current topics, technologies and methodological approaches that may be used for the study of scholarly impact. The included methods cover a range of fields such as statistical sciences, scientific visualization, network analysis, text mining, and information retrieval. The techniques and tools enable researchers to investigate metric phenomena and to assess scholarly impact in new ways. Each chapter offers an introduction to the selected topic and outlines how the topic, technology or methodological approach may be applied to metrics-related research. Comprehensive and up-to-date, Measuring Scholarly Impact: Methods and Practice is designed for researchers and scholars interested in informetrics, scientometrics, and text mining. The hands-on perspective is also beneficial to advanced-level students in fields from computer science and statistics to information science.
Statistics and society
Atlas of the third world
The fascination of statistics
Forest accounts
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Balance of payments and international investment position
Hedelmöityshoidot 2008-2009 = Assisterad befruktning 2008-2009 = Assisted fertility treatments 2008-2009
Progress report on the global response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, 2003
Lithuania in figures. 1999.
Gender equality barometer 2012
YEARBOOK OF NORDIC STATISTICS 1987.
Present-day Lithuania in figures
Statistics for decision makers
Regional trends 29 : [a publication of the Government Statistical Service]
Suomen työeläkkeensaajat / Arbetspensionstagare i Finland / Pensionsskyddscentralen = Earnings-related pension recipients in Finland / Finnish Centre for Pensions
Zhongguo jiaoyu chengjiu : tongji ziliao 1980-1985 = Achievement of education in China : Statistics 1980-1985
This book presents a collection of statistical methods and procedures to assess data coming from educational systems. The topics examined include: statistical methods for constructing composite indicators, applied measurements, assessment of educational systems, measurement of the performance of the students at Italian universities, and statistical modeling for questionnaire data. Other issues are the implications of introducing different assessment criteria and procedures to the Italian university system.
Chiefly statistical tables for 22 OECD countries.
Methods for business analysis and forecasting : text and cases
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Asuntohallituksen tilastoja 1949 - 1985 = Bostadsstyrelsens statistik : Statistics of the national housing board of Finland
Energy consumption in households
Social trends 25 : [a publication of the Government Statistical Service]
Cancer in Finland 2006 and 2007 : cancer statistics of the National Institute for Health and Welfare (THL)
Resource bulletin PNW
Education at a glance 2012 : OECD indicators
Education at a glance 2014 : OECD indicators
Productivity surveys
Structural business and financial statement statistics
Hedelmöityshoidot 2013-2014 = Assisterad befruktning 2013-2014 = Assisted fertility treatments 2013-2014
Understanding and using tuberculosis data
How to display data
Nordic statistical yearbook 2009 = Nordisk statistisk årsbok 2009
Suomen lääketilasto. 2009 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Outstanding credit
The Nordic securities market statistics
Use and abuse of statistics
A survey of national sources of income distribution statistics : first report
City of Espoo pocket statistics
Investment funds : Annual Review
Diagrams : a visual survey of graphs, maps, charts and diagrams for the graphic designer
Statistical handbook of Japan : 1992.
Statistical methods for the evaluation of university systems
Suomen työeläkevakuutetut / Arbetspensionsförsäkrade i Finland / Pensionsskyddscentralen = Persons insured for an earnings-related pension in Finland / Finnish Centre for Pensions
Local government finances
Finland's development cooperation 2010
The World Bank atlas 1997.
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2006 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
Purchasing power parities and real expenditures, 1985
The world health report 1998 : life in the 21st century, a vision for all
DataClean 2002 - Abstracts : A conference for dealing with erroneous and missing data, 29th-31st May 2002, Jyväskylä, Finland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Government R&D funding in the state budget
Abstract.
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA
Report of the twenty-third session of the coordinating working party on fishery statistics : Hobart, Australia, 22-26 February 2010.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Decisions by district courts in criminal cases
Educational structure of population
Statistics in research : basic concepts and techniques for research workers
Suomen lääketilasto. 2010 = Finnish statistics on medicines
National occupational safety and health profile of Finland
Quarterly local government finances
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Rahalaitokset = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions. 2003.
Turnover estimate of large enterprises
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja 1985 = Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of forest statistics
Measuring scholarly impact
Lithuania in figures. 2000.
Finland drug situation 2009 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2009 national report to the EMCDDA
Causes of death
Report of the fourth Meeting of the RECOFI Working Group on Fisheries Management : Muscat, Sultanate of Oman, 3 - 5 October 2010.
Finland in figures 2016.
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
Public transport performance statistics 2007
Pre-primary and comprehensive school education
Helsinki 2016: facts about Helsinki
Statistical yearbook 1995 = Annuaire statistique 1995.
Enterprise openings and closures
Use of information technology in enterprises
International business statistics. Kartat
Decisions by district courts in civil cases
Public transport performance statistics 2009
Statistical yearbook 1994 = Annuaire statistique 1994.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
