http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3151 cultural heritage buildings
cultural heritage buildings
Scotland through the ages
Zhonghua bainian jianzhu jingdian. 5 = Chinese classic architecture of one century. 5
Understanding historic building conservation
Burke's and savills guide to country houses : 3, East Anglia
Conservation guidelines. No. 14, Shopfronts
Conservation guidelines. No. 16, Fire safety, security & maintenance
Danger and perils : analysis of factors which constitute a danger to groups and areas of buildings of historical or artistic interest
COST Action C17: built heritage : fire loss to historic buildings : conference proceedings
New York in photographs
Materials & skills for historic building conservation
Limit state design for strengthening foundations of historic buildings using pretested drilled spiral piles with special reference to St. John’s Church in Tartu
Fifty modern buildings that changed the world
The pictorial story of Westminster Cathedral
Meaning in western architecture
Crafts and heritage
City as art : 100 notable works of architecture in Seoul
Hardwick Hall and the Cavendish Story
Conservation guidelines. No. 1, Conservation principles, general information
Fire protection and the built heritage : conference abstracts
Monumentum : the International Journal of Architectural Conservation. Vol. 27, 1984
Conservation guidelines. No. 5, Interior joinery and fittings
"Manor renaissance" in Estonia = "Möisarenessanss" Eestis = "Kartanorenessanssi" Eestissä : a study and documentation of Estonian manor houses
The Lion Block : the City Hall quarter
Bridges that changed the world
Korean historic relics
Conversion of traditional buildings : application of the Scottish building standards. Part 1, Principles and Practice
Policy for the preservation and rehabilitation : implementation of the policy for the preservation and rehabilitation of groups and areas of buildings of historical or artistic interest, Avignon, 30 September - 5 October 1968, Report
The monuments of history : the most precious sites and monuments in Poland
Guide to recording historic buildings
Stonecleaning : a guide for practioners
50 buildings you should know
Historic interiors : conservation, restoration and reconstruction
Shang hai lao fang zi = Classical Buildings of Shanghai
ARCHITECTURE SOURCE BOOK - A VISUAL REFERENCE TO BUILDINGS AROUND THE WORLD
Kastelholm castle
Monumentum : the International Journal of Architectural Conservation. Vol. 25, 1982
The best of the best places in the world : the 100 most awe-inspiring places on earth
The Main Town Hall in Gdańsk
Recording historic buildings : a symposium, London May 1991.
Adventures in architecture
VAT and historic buildings
A müemlékek sokszinüsége = The manycolored palette of heritage sites
Fire safety management in in traditional buildings. Part 2, Technical Applications and Management Solutions
Humidity in monuments
Conservation of historic buildings
The pictorial history of Selby Abbey : the Church of Our Lord, St. Mary and St. Germain
Victorian and Edwardian theatres
The Secretary of the Interior's Standards for rehabilitation and guidelines for rehabilitating historic buildings
English castles
Problems of the protection and present-day usage of architectural monuments. ICOMOS International Colloquy. ESSR, Tallinn, June 4-7, 1985 = La défense des monuments historiques et les problèmes de leur emploi de nos jours = Problemy ohrany i sovremennogo ispol'zovanija pamjatnikov arhitektury
1000 places to see in the United States & Canada before you die
Guide for practitioners
Funding the architectural heritage : a guide to policies and examples
The reviving of monuments : preservation and development of groups and areas of building of historical or artistic interest, Vienna 4th-8th October 1965, Report
Canada's house : Rideau Hall and the invention of a Canadian home
HISTORIC HOUSES, CASTLES & GARDENS : THE ORIGINAL GUIDE TO THE TREASURES OF GREAT BRITAIN & IRELAND
Report of the committee on houses of outstanding historic or architectural interest
Photographing historic buildings for the record
The past in the future
Inform : information for historic building owners
Conversion of traditional buildings : application of the Scottish building standards. Part 2, Application
Through the Moon Gate : a guide to China's historic monuments
Between two earthquakes : cultural property in seismic zones
Temple and cemetery of Confucius and the Kong family mansion in Qufu =[Qufu Kong miao, Kong lin, Kong fu]
Electrical installations
A teacher's guide to using historic houses
Can we learn from the heritage lost in a fire : experiences and practises on the fire protection of historic buildings in Finland, Norway and Sweden
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Bayt al-'Aqqad : the history and restoration of a house in old Damascus
Conservation guidelines. No. 6, Decorative plasterwork
Conservation of historic buildings and their contents : addressing the conflicts
The pictorial history of Worcester Cathedral
Technical advice notes
Compatible materials for the protection of cultural heritage
The history and treasures of Arundel castle : ancestral home of the dukes of Norfolk for 500 years
The Daily Telegraph guide to Britain̕s historic houses
Architecture in conservation : managing development at historic sites
1000 places to see before you die
Recording historic buildings : a descriptive specification
Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings information sheet
Stonecleaning in Scotland : Research Report 3, Research Commission investigating the effects of cleaning of sandstone
Lead theft : guidance on protecting traditional buildings
Monumentum : the International Journal of Architectural Conservation. Vol. 26, 1983
Chateaux of the Loire
Palaces of Florence
Practical building conservation, Conservation basics
Sankt-Peterburg : nasledie pod ugrozoj = St Petersburg : heritage at risk
Evacuation : accessible for everyone
Preservation and rehabilitation of historic districts, towns and monuments : proceedings and final report of the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) and International Academy of Architecture International Seminar on the Preservation and Rehabilitation of Historic Districts, Towns and Monuments in some Developed Countries and their Relevance to Developing Countries, 1-15 November 1989, IAA Santo Kiriko Creativity Centre, Assenovgrad, Bulgaria
The X ray picture book of big buildings of the ancient world
Conservation guidelines. No. 4, Mortars, pointing and renders
