http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3157 adaptations
adaptations
Tales from Shakespeare
Towering
20,000 leagues under the sea
H. P. Lovecrafts The Dunwich horror
Twelfth night : a Shakespeare story
20000 leagues under the sea
Journey to the centre of the Earth
The story of Kullervo
Clockwork angel
Faeries, elves and goblins : the old stories
Beauty and the beast
Shakespeare's Macbeth : the manga edition
The Odyssey
The Kalevala : tales of magic and adventure
The adventures of Odysseus
Wedrujace grajki z Bremen = The buskers of Bremen
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 2, Version of Alexandre de Paris : text
The Cambridge companion to fairy tales
A midsummer night's dream : a Shakespeare story
Love, lies and Lizzie
The twelve dancing princesses
Jack and the jelly bean stalk
The three ninja pigs
The stand. Vol. 2, American nightmares
The singing bones : art inspired by Grimms' fairy tales
Dám hát rong cua Bremen = The buskers of Bremen
The merchant of Venice
Othello : a Shakespeare story
Around the world in eighty days
Tim Burton's the nightmare before Christmas
Hag-seed : The Tempest retold
The diabolical Miss Hyde
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
The magic melon : a Chinese fairy tale / retold by Rosie Dickins ; illustrated by Sara Rojo ; reading consultant Alison Kelly
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 1, Text of the Arsenal and Venice versions
Beauty : a retelling of the story of Beauty & the beast
Usborne stories for little children : Alice in Wonderland & other stories / edited by Jenny Tyler, Lesley Sims and Gillian Doherty ; designed by Laura Parker, Katarina Dragoslavic, Andrea Slane and Caroline Spatz
Saint George and the dragon
The case of Charles Dexter Ward : a graphic novel
The grapes of wrath
What's the time, Mr Wolf?
Kind Beauty grows to love the Beast at whose castle she is compelled to stay and through her love releases him from the spell which had turned him from a handsome prince into an ugly beast.
Looking for the masters in Ricardo's golden shoes
The poets' Grimm : 20th century poems from Grimm fairy tales
The elves and the storymaker
The runaway princess
Pride, prejudice and Jasmin Field
Little women
Jill va cây dâu = Jill and the beanstalk : [Vietnamese & English]
The Nancy Drew diaries. ♯5, "Ghost in the machinery" and "Disoriented express"
Aladdin and the enchanted lamp
Os saltimbancos de Bremen = The buskers of Bremen
How bear lost his tail
Gilgamesh : a verse narrative
Series two is for readers who are growing in confidence.
The Rose and the beast : fairy tales retold
David and Goliath
Zen shorts
A midsummer night's dream
At the mountains of madness : a graphic novel
Madness of Wonderland
Over the Wall : tales from ancient Chinese plays
When beauty tamed the beast
OuterSpeares : Shakespeare, intermedia, and the limits of adaptation
Hansel and Gretel
Much ado about nothing
Retelling stories, framing culture : traditional story and metanarratives in children's literature
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 5, Version of Alexandre de Paris: variants and notes to branch 2
George and the dragon and a world of other stories
Oliver Twist
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Tales from the kingdoms
Snow Fright and the seven skeletons
Clockwork prince
Battle of Jericho Hill
In this 30th anniversary edition, Goldman frames the famous fairy tale with an "autobiographical" story; his father had abridged the book as he read it to his son. Now, Goldman is publishing an abridged version, interspersed with comments on the parts that had been cut out. Presents the timeless love story between a farm boy named Westley and the beautiful Princess Buttercup.
The three little pigs
Slayground : a graphic novel
Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet : the manga edition
A tale of two cities
Hello Kitty is... Sleeping beauty
The man who laughs : a graphic novel
Little Red and the very hungry lion
Ghostyshocks and the three mummies
Shakespeare's stories
Wuthering heights
Charm
Shakespeare's Romeo & Juliet : the manga edition
Paul Auster's City of class
Resident evil : the final chapter
The great Gatsby
The princess bride : S. Morgenstern's classic tale of true love and high adventure : the "good parts" version, abridged
Reader's digest condensed books. [Vol. 13], Spring 1953 selections
The graveyard book
The legend of Sigurd and Gudrun
Dick Whittington
Not the Messiah : he's a very naughty boy
Writers and readers have long been inspired by the haunting wisdom and sheer imaginative power to be found in the fairy tales of the immortal Brothers Grimm. The editors have collected more than a hundred poems inspired by Grimm tales and written by our finest living poets.
The woman in white : a BBC Radio 4 full-cast dramatisation
One Thousand and One Nights / Hanān Al-Shaykh
William Shakespeare's Star Wars
The Bremen town musicians
A journey to the center of the earth
Romeo and Juliet : a Shakespeare story
Felix is at the top of his game as artistic director of the Makeshiweg Theatre Festival. His productions have amazed and confounded. Now he's staging a Tempest like no other: not only will it boost his reputation, it will heal emotional wounds. Or that was the plan. Instead, after an act of unforeseen treachery, Felix is living in exile in a backwoods hovel, haunted by memories of his beloved lost daughter, Miranda. And brewing revenge. After 12 years revenge finally arrives in the shape of a theatre course at a nearby prison. Here Felix and his inmate actors will put on his Tempest and snare the traitors who destroyed him. It's magic! But will it remake Felix as his enemies fall?
Mia's nutcracker ballet
Round the world in eighty days
The princess and the frog
The Gingerbread man
Goldilocks and the three bears
Los músicos de Bremen = The buskers of Bremen
Goliath
Out of Oz
Julius Caesar : A Shakespeare story
The three billy goats Gruff
Little Red Riding Hood
Cress is the third book in the bestselling Lunar Chronicles series, following Cinder and Scarlet. Incarcerated in a satellite, an expert hacker and out to save the world - Cress isn't your usual damsel in distress. Cress grew-up as a prisoner. With only net screens for company she's forced to do the bidding of the evil Queen Levana. Now that means tracking down Cinder and her handsome accomplice Emperor Kai. But little does Levana know that those she seeks, and the man she loves, are plotting her downfall...As paths cross and the price of freedom rises, happily ever after has never seemed further away for Cress, Scarlet and Cinder. This is not the fairy tale you remember. But it's one you won't forget..
The tempest
Macbeth : a Shakespeare story
The magic thief
The complete Don Quixote
The three musketeers
Goldi Rocks and the three bears
The good man Jesus and the scoundrel Christ
Shakespeare's Hamlet : the manga edition
Bremin ke rah calte goe = The buskers of Bremen
Ophelia and the marvelous boy
The Iliad
The shadow out of time
Hamlet : a Shakespeare story
The secret of the kelpie
The big pancake
