http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3166 ethics
ethics
Ethical business : challenges and controversies
Translators in production networks : reflections on agency, quality and ethics
Business ethics and virtue : on Robert C. Solomon's many ways of being ethical
What can philosophy contribute to ethics?
The influence of business ethics and green marketing on consumer buying behaviour
Ethics in practice : lawyers ́ roles, responsibilities, and regulation
The concept of the body in Chinese and Indian bodily practices : transformation, perspective, and ethics
Ancient ethics : a critical introduction
Ethical issues in behavioral research : basic and applied perspectives
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
Moral philosophy : theories, skills, and applications
Terrorism and counter-terrorism : ethics and liberal democracy
A philosophy of morals
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Moral Realism is a systematic defence of the idea that there are objective moral standards. In the tradition of Plato and G. E. Moore, Russ Shafer-Landau argues that there are moral principles that are true independently of what anyone, anywhere, happens to think of them. These principles are a fundamental aspect of reality, just as much as those that govern mathematics or the natural world. They may be true regardless of our ability to grasp them, and their truth is not a matter of their being ratified from any ideal standpoint, nor of being the object of actual or hypothetical consensus, nor of being an expression of our rational nature. Shafer-Landau accepts Plato's and Moore's contention that moral truths are sui generis. He rejects the currently popular efforts to conceive of ethics as a kind of science, and insists that moral truths and properties occupy a distinctive area in our ontology. Unlike scientific truths, the fundamental moral principles are knowable a priori. And unlike mathematical truths, they are essentially normative: intrinsically action-guiding, and supplying a justification for all who follow their counsel.Moral Realism is the first comprehensive treatise defending non-naturalistic moral realism in over a generation. It ranges over all of the central issues in contemporary metaethics, and will be an important source of discussion for philosophers and their students interested in issues concerning the foundations of ethics.
Strong evaluation without sources : on Charles Taylor's philosophical anthropology and cultural moral realism
The Arabic version of Tusi's Nasirean Ethics : with an introduction and explanatory notes
Groundwork of the metaphysics of morals
ICC guidelines on marketing and advertising using electronic media
Codes of ethics in the age of sponsored content
The labyrinth of politics : a conceptual approach to the modes of the political in the Scottish enlightenment
Organizational downsizing and the Finnish manager from an ethical perspective
Patterns of ethics in America today
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
The emergence of leadership : linking self-organization and ethics
Life before birth : the moral and legal status of embryos and fetuses
Classroom teachers' perceptions of ethical educational work
Ethics : the heart of health care
"Relational Ethics in Practice" presents a new collection of narratives on ethics in day-to-day therapeutic practice. Highly experienced professionals from a range of roles in the therapeutic professions explore ways of developing ethical and effective relationships. The contributors provide the reader with engaging and informative narratives that indicate how ethics can inform and influence practice in a variety of clinical contexts across the helping professions. These personal and professional narratives will encourage people to think more pro actively about ethics and the impact that they have on both therapeutic practice, and life in general. Throughout this book, Lynne Gabriel, Roger Casemore and their contributors emphasize that the consideration of the ethical dimension is of paramount importance to successful processes and outcomes in every therapeutic relationship. Chapters cover a number of topics including: how theoretical approaches can inform ethical decision making and practice; practical difficulties and ethical challenges; innovative and unconventional approaches; informed consent across various contexts; pointers for good practice; and, the notion of the 'wounded healer'. "Relational Ethics in Practice: Narratives from Counseling and Psychotherapy" will appeal to a wide range of readers involved in the helping professions including counselors, psychotherapists, researchers, supervisors and trainees.
The Archeworks papers. volume 1, number two
Limits of liberal multiculturalism
Arguments and Cases for the 21st Century explores the major ethical dilemmas facing journalists in the digital age. Engaging with both the theory and practice of journalism ethics, this text explains the key ethical concepts and dilemmas in journalism and provides an international range of examples and case studies, considering traditional and social media from a global perspective. Journalism Ethics offers an introductory philosophical underpinning to ethics that traces the history of the freedom of expression from the time of Greek philosophers like Aristotle, through the French and American revolutions, to modern day. Throughout the book Patching and Hirst examine ethically-challenging issues such as deception, trial by media, dealing with sources and privacy intrusion. They also explore continuing ethical fault lines around accuracy, bias, fairness and objectivity, chequebook journalism, the problems of the foreign correspondent, the conflicts between ethics and the law and between journalists and public relations consultants. Concluding with a step-by-step guide to ethical thinking on the job, this textbook is an invaluable resource for students of journalism, media and communication.
Our self-image as moral, well-behaved creatures is dogged by scepticism, relativism, hypocrisy, and nihilism, by the fear that in a Godless world science has unmasked us as creatures fated by our genes to be selfish and tribalistic, or competitive and aggressive. In this 'sparklingly clear' (Guardian) introduction to ethics Simon Blackburn tackles the major moral questions surrounding birth, death, happiness, desire and freedom, showing us how we should think about the meaning of life, and how we should mistrust the soundbite-sized absolutes that often dominate moral debates.
Ethics as a major element of sustainability in educational leadership across Finnish education
Problems of moral philosophy : an introduction to ethics
The Silesian town of Bedzin lies a mere twenty-five miles from Auschwitz. Through its linked ghettos and that of its neighboring town, some 85,000 Jews passed on their way to slave labor or the gas chambers. The principal civilian administrator of Bedzin, Udo Klausa, was a happily married family man. He was also responsible for implementing Nazi policies towards the Jews in his area - inhumane processes that were the precursors of genocide. Yet he later claimed, like so many other Germans after the war, that he had 'known nothing about it.' This book re-creates Udo Klausa's story. Using a wealth of personal letters, memoirs, testimonies, interviews and other sources, the author pieces together his role in the unfolding stigmatization and degradation of the Jews under his authority, as well as the heroic attempts at resistance on the part of some of his victims.Portrayed is a fascinating insight into the inner conflicts of a Nazi functionary who, throughout, considered himself a 'decent' man. She also explores the conflicting memories and evasions of his life after the war. But the book is much more than a portrayal of an individual man. Udo Klausa's case is so important because it is in many ways so typical. Behind Klausa's story is the larger story of how countless local functionaries across the Third Reich facilitated the murderous plans of a relatively small number among the Nazi elite - and of how those plans could never have been realized, on the same scale, without the diligent cooperation of these generally very ordinary administrators. As the author shows, men like Klausa 'knew' and yet mostly suppressed this knowledge, performing their day jobs without apparent recognition of their own role in the system, or any sense of personal wrongdoing or remorse - either before or after 1945.This account is no ordinary historical reconstruction. For the author did not discover Udo Klausa amongst the archives, she has known the Klausa family all her life. She had no inkling of her subject's true role in the Third Reich until a few years ago, a discovery that led directly to this inescapably personal professional history.
The supply chain imperative : how to ensure ethical behavior in your global suppliers
Ethics : does it play a role in the finnish university reform?
Ethical decision making in social research : a practical guide
The structure of morality
Economics and ethics : an introduction
Journalism ethics : arguments and cases for the twenty-first century
Marketing Towards Children-Ethical Concerns
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
Ethics : aspects of nursing care
The early works, 1882-1898. 4
Firms' ethics, consumer boycotts, and signalling
Truth in ethics
Muslim ethics : emerging vistas
Ethical considerations have a formidable influence on planning and conducting research. Concerns over the ethical dimensions of behavioral research have risen dramatically, resulting in significant developments in ethical codification and the research review process. The ever-changing nature of the ethical climate in research coincides with the increased sensitivity to ethics in other domains such as those involving global corporations as Enron and WorldCom. An adherence to basic values of integrity represents a fundamental concern for behavioral researchers as we progress through the 21st century. This new edition focuses on the research community's response to current professional and public demands, the issues imposed by new research technologies, and the ethical challenges that arise in the application of research approaches. Additionally, attention is given to some of the ethical issues and conflicts encountered in cross-cultural research, reflecting the increase of fundamental and applied researchers conducting studies in foreign settings.
Relational ethics in practice : narratives from counselling and psychotherapy
Moral man and immoral society : a study in ethics and politics
Nursing ethics
Ideal observer theory
Medical tourism
Dimensions of moral theory : an introduction to metaethics and moral psychology
Principles of ethics : an introduction
Introduction to ethics
First things : an inquiry into the first principles of morals and justice
Contemporary ethical theories
Medical ethics : evolution, rights and the physician
This Routledge Revival reissues Oliver Letwin's philosophical treatise: "Ethics, Emotion and the Unity of the Self", first published in 1987, which concerns the applicability of the artistic classifications of romanticism and classicism to philosophical doctrine.
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
Ethical perspectives on Sámi school research
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
Realism and imagination in ethics
The ethical manager : a new method for business ethics
Hannah Arendt : practice, thought and judgement
Firm's ethics, consumer boycotts, and signalling
Ethics, persuasion and truth
Moral economies of reproductive labour : an ethnography of migrant domestic and care labour in Naples, Italy
Business ethics in global economy
Philosophical ethics
Evidence based medicine guidelines : a solution to rationing or politics disguised as science
Facts, values and ethics
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
Deconstructing “common sense”  : Normative ethics and decision-making  by sign language interpreters
Ethics in engineering practice and research
Past and future of ethics
Ethics and politics : theory and practice
Human dignity and animal well-being : a Kantian contribution to biomedical ethics
Discrimination of sexual and gender minorities in sports and exercise
The idea of evil
A coherence theory in ethics
Professional calling of the Finnish soldier of late modernity
Thinking about ethics
This publication is about the kinds of ethically challenging situations and ethical  dilemmas faced by health and social professionals of all levels who provide care for people with dementia in care homes and hospital settings. It contains short stories based on typical situations which professional carers might encounter, along with exercises and appendices to encourage and facilitate ethical reflection, structured  guidance on how to tackle ethically challenging situations and commentaries from experts in the field of ethics as well as professional care. The publication should ideally be used in the context of professional care training (e.g. with moderated group discussions, professional guidance and role playing) and adapted to the different levels of education and experience of the readers. It doesn't provide ready-made answers but hopefully, in the context of ongoing professional training, it will contribute towards empowering and motivating health and social care professionals to provide ethical care, and tackling ethically challenging situations with more confidence, thereby contributing to the wellbeing of their clients, colleagues and themselves.
Aspects of ancient Egyptian curses and blessings : conceptual background and transmission
Moral experiences : descriptive business ethics in a global setting
Moral reasons
Astroturfing as a global phenomenon
The many faces of responsibility : acceptability of the industry in various societies
The rise and fall of evaluation standards
The other's war : recognition and the violence of ethics
eBook Religion Collection
Ethical issues in youth work
Ethics : the big questions
Theological ethics. 1, Foundations
Ethics
Heavy duty : on the demands of consequentialism
Bad pharma : how drug companies mislead doctors and harm patients
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
Public health : ethical issues
Moral notions
The reflective life : living wisely with our limits
In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most distinguished business ethicists survey the main areas of interest and concern in the field of business ethics. Sections of the book cover topics such as the often uneasy relationship between business ethics and capitalism, the link between business ethics and ethical theory, how ethics applies to specific problems in the business world, the connection between business ethics and related academic disciplines, and the practice of business ethics in modern corporations.The book can be used as a comprehensive text for introductory or advanced courses in business ethics, as a reference for teachers and writers in the field, or as a guide for other academic or business persons who wish to become familiar with the central issues in the field. To enhance its usefulness, the volume includes bibliographies of the relevant literature and a list of internet sources for material on business ethics, and an extensive index.
Theories of ethics
Representing the epistemic nature of teachers' practical knowledge : the case of class teachers' general pedagogy
Ethical knowledge
Ethics ; John Dewey
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
Modern moral philosophy
Reading Sartre : on phenomenology and existentialism
The emotive theory of ethics
Ethical dilemmas faced by health and social care professionals providing dementia care in care homes and hospital settings : a guide for use in the context of ongoing professional care training
Media system of Finland
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
Readings in ethical theory
Case histories in business ethics
Encyclopedia of applied ethics. 2, E - I
101 ethical dilemmas
Brave new world
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Aspects of values in human-technology interaction design : a content-based view to values
Moral philosophy : a systematic introduction to normative ethics and meta-ethics
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
Ethical decision making process in euthanasia and physician assisted suicide from nurses' perspective
Code of Professional Ethics for Rehabilitation Counselors
Ethics, emotion and the unity of the self
Philosophical perspectives. 6, Ethics
What can we do to live life wisely? You might think that the answer would be to think and reflect more. But this is not Valerie Tiberius's answer. On her view, when we really take account of what we are like - when we recognize our psychological limits - we will see that too much thinking and reflecting is bad for us. Instead, we need to think and reflect better. This means that we need to develop wisdom: we need to care about things that will sustain us and give us good experiences, we need to have perspective on our successes and failures, and we need to be moderately self-aware and cautiously optimistic about human nature. Further, we need to know when to think about our values, character, and choices, and when not to. A crucial part of wisdom, Tiberius maintains, is knowing when to stop reflecting and get lost in the experience. The Reflective Life also considers the issue of how to philosophize about how to live. A recent trend in moral philosophy has been toward what is sometimes called 'empirically informed ethics'. This methodology has not yet caught on in normative ethics, primarily because we cannot conclude anything about what ought to be the case from the facts about what is. Tiberius agrees that this leap should be avoided, but argues that empirical psychology can inform our philosophical theories in interesting ways.
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
The interpreter's resource
Nursing law and ethics
Environment, ethics and the corporation
Ethical decision-making and moral distress in nursing practice : a literature review
A casebook of public ethics and issues
Is law necessarily unjust?
Relating with the other in naturecultures : ethics and well-being in Elfquest comics
Ecological ethics and politics
The two sources of morality and religion
Profits with principles : seven strategies for delivering value with values
Business ethics in Islam
Social media is ubiquitous. From Facebook and Twitter to YouTube, the blogosphere, and Massively Multi-Player Online Role-Playing Games, people have plugged into numerous online venues for social, intellectual, and leisure activities. The pervasiveness of social media calls for ethical reflection, and one of the most pertinent values at stake is that of truth. Current figures estimate there are more than 1 billion social media users worldwide with the ability to connect with people who share similar interests, to present themselves as experts on anything and everything no matter their qualifications, and to contribute the types of factual information formerly limited to professional communication outlets such as news agencies. It's this wide-ranging definition of truth that demands evaluation of the myriad ways social media affect society. This volume attempts to do just that by collecting insights from leading experts in the communication and philosophy disciplines as they examine a variety of issues related to the value of truth in the realm of social media.
Boundaries of journalism : professionalism, practices and participation
In many religious traditions bodily practices, that is ritual actions that make use of the body and have a body-related goal, have evolved. Such practices are especially well developed in South- and East Asian traditions, where they have reached a great complexity in Hatha Yoga or in Daoist meditation. This shows that the human body has a major role to play in religions, which is something that is too often overlooked. Several qualities are attributed to the human body in religious thought systems that may be both positive and negative and in the ritual a framework is created that enables to transform the negative qualities into positive ones – for example, in a purification ritual the unpure body or condition is converted into a pure one. Not only singular qualities may be changed in the bodily practices but the whole body. Such a transformation of the body that aims to transcend the limits of the ordinary human body, can be a religious goal in its own right. The bodily practices of self transformation are based on the idea of the body as something unstable and changeable. In the premodern religious thought the body is more than a biological entity. It is a midpoint between a person and the society and the world that finds itself in a constant process of re-construction. It follows that the identity of a person is strongly tied to the body which is in turn related to how a person acts on a daily basis and to whom one is connected to.
Studies in ethical theory
Encyclopedia of ethics. Volume 1, A-K
An introduction to the study of ethics in science and scientific research, this book covers: science and ethics; ethical theory and applications; science as a profession; standards of ethical conduct in science. Objectivity in research is considered as well as ethical issues in the laboratory. Actual case studies include: Baltimore Affair; cold fusion; Milikan's oil drop experiments; human and animal cloning; Cold War experiments; strategic defence initiative; the Challenger accident; and tobacco research.
The justification of the good : an essay on moral philosophy
Abortion : loss and renewal in the search for identity
Jeffrey Lockhart's father, Ross, is a billionaire in his sixties, with a younger wife, Artis Martineau, whose health is failing. Ross is the primary investor in a remote and secret compound where death is exquisitely controlled and bodies are preserved until a future time when biomedical advances and new technologies can return them to a life of transcendent promise. Jeff joins Ross and Artis at the compound to say "an uncertain farewell" to her as she surrenders her body. "We are born without choosing to be. Should we have to die in the same manner? Isn't it a human glory to refuse to accept a certain fate?" These are the questions that haunt the novel and its memorable characters, and it is Ross Lockhart, most particularly, who feels a deep need to enter another dimension and awake to a new world. For his son, this is indefensible. Jeff, the book's narrator, is committed to living, to experiencing "the mingled astonishments of our time, here, on earth." Don DeLillo's seductive, spectacularly observed and brilliant new novel weighs the darkness of the world-terrorism, floods, fires, famine, plague-against the beauty and humanity of everyday life; love, awe, "the intimate touch of earth and sun."
Matters of life and death : new introductory essays in moral philosophy
Ethics and economic theory : ideas - models - dilemmas
The language of morals
The Nicomachean ethics
Consumption and everyday life
Applying ethical guidelines in nursing research on people with mental illness
Fashion : a very short introduction
Values in sport : elitism, nationalism, gender equality and the scientific manufacture of winners
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Can economic analysis and policy formulation be free of ethical considerations? This book provides a rationale to explain why this is not the case. The authors of this volume argue that ethics enters economics at the ground level, and trying to leave out ethics runs the risk of leading to bad economic analysis and bad policies. The book argues that all individuals who make decisions in the economy have ethical values, which affect their behaviour and the nature of their interactions with others. It also shows how the evaluation of economic performance and policies requires a thorough analysis of ethics. This includes questions regarding the role of markets and the government, and the importance of efficiency, growth, and fairness.
Ethics : a very short introduction
Ethical issues in research
Virtues and vices and other essays in moral philosophy
The ethics of sightseeing
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Ethics : the quest for the good life
Moral issues in business : top manager's perceptions of moral issues in stakeholder relations
The principles of ethics
Secrets and ethics in Ali Smith's novel The Accidental
Moral philosophy : a guide to ethical theory
Persons, animals, and fetuses : an essay in practical ethics
Ethics for researchers : facilitating research excellence in FP7
A common humanity : thinking about love and truth and justice
An examination of the place of reason in ethics
Social media and the value of truth
Ethical issues in advanced nursing practice
A companion to business ethics
For business ethics : a critical approach
Thinking about the logic and ethics of coercion
Ethics of hospitality : participatory tourism encounters in the northern highlands of Nicaragua
Moral perception and particularity
The place of reason in ethics
Chance, choice and responsibility : A responsibility-sensitive egalitarian interpretation of Michael Sandel ̀s argumentation against genetic enhancement
What ́s good on TV : understanding ethics through television
Morality and language
Social work ethics on the line
Biblical ethics : a survey
Veterinary and animal ethics : proceedings of the fist international conference on veterinary animal ethics, September 2011
The ICN Code of ethics for nurses
Ethics. 1, Moral phenomena
Ethics of animal use
Moral conflicts in a project course in information systems education
Grounding professional ethics in a pluralistic society
Firms' ethics, consumer boycotts and signalling
Critique of practical reason
The Limits of Liberal Multiculturalism provides a timely analysis of some of the weaknesses, as well as the successes, of the liberal multicultural project. It also takes a step forward by developing a pluralist, individual-centred approach to allocating minority rights in practice.
Perception, emphaty, and judgment : an inquiry into the preconditions of moral performance
Using sport for corporate social responsibility (CSR) in Finland
The logic of moral discourse
International business : the new realities
Deciding ethically : a practical approach to nursing challenges
Ethical dimensions of leadership
The Palliative Care Team : Competences Necessary for its Success and Factors that Influence the Team Functionality
Foundations of ethics : the Gifford lectures delivered in the University of Aberdeen, 1936-6
Just vibrations : the purpose of sounding good
Logic and the basis of ethics
Ethics : the fundamentals
Ethics and personality : essays in moral psychology
During the Spanish Civil War, George Orwell was asked why he could not shoot an enemy soldier who was running holding up his trousers. Orwell replied 'I had come here to shoot at "Fascists"; but a man who is holding up his trousers isn't a "Fascist". A Common Humanity is a beautifully written, profound and arresting book about what predicaments such as Orwell's tell us about humanity. Drawing on a wealth of important examples including the Holocaust and attempts to deny it, the trial of Adolf Eichmann, the taking of children of mixed blood from Aboriginal parents in Australia, and the work of Primo Levi, Hannah Arendt and Simone Weil, Raimond Gaita sets out a provocative new picture of our common humanity. He urges us to recognize that whilst many of these examples call into question whether there is such a thing as a common humanity, it is not the idea of humanity that is at fault. It is the empty language of rights and obligations we use to explain what a human being is. It leaves no room for our ability to love other human beings and to share with them grief, hope, built, shame and remorse. It is our recognizing that others share these inescapably human features that gives us our common humanity. It is our common humanity that gives us rights and obligations, not our rights and obligations that give us our common humanity.
Between man and man
The political philosophy of Michel Foucault
The ethics of science : an introduction
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Law and ethics in children's nursing
Human conduct : an introduction to the problems of ethics
Developing business ethics in China
Quality of life : perspectives and policies
Right, morality, ethical life : studies in G. W. F. Hegelś philosophy of right
