http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3168 life
life
Business ethics and virtue : on Robert C. Solomon's many ways of being ethical
Ethical business : challenges and controversies
Leaving the sea : stories
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
"In 'The Woman's Place is in the Boardroom' the authors put the business case for more women on company boards. In the next book they explained how to acheive it. Here the authors discuss the role women directors can play in the reform of corporate governance systems following recent financial, crises in leadership, governance and the economy"--
Under the never sky
The child diary as a research tool
Business opportunities in Northeast China. Part 1, Liaoning province
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
Decisive : how to make better choices in life and work
Climate and life
Business first. Chapters 11-20
The happiness project : or, why I spent a year trying to sing in the morning, clean my closets, fight right, read Aristotle, and generally have more fun
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
The art of murder
Despite the overwhelming diversity of life on earth, one theme has dominated its evolution: the apparently simple act of moving from one place to another. This book tells the incredible story of locomotion in human and animal evolution. Evolutionary biologist Matt Wilkinson shows why our ancestors became two-legged, why we have opposable thumbs, why the backbone appeared, how fish fins became limbs, how even trees are locomotion-obsessed, and how movement has shaped our minds as well as our bodies. He explains why there are no flying monkeys or biological wheels, how dinosaurs took to the air, how Mexican waves began in the animal kingdom, and why moving can make us feel good.
DK online science encyclopedia
Love, dishonor, marry, die, cherish, perish : a novel
Life after life : the investigation of a phenomenon-survival of bodily death
Doctors
The dark forest
The science of aliens
All-American girl
That's why!
The price of ransom
The secret history of Costaguana
Dear life : stories
Half way home
Death's end
How children succeed : grit, curiosity and the hidden power of character
The best things in life : a guide to what really matters
Work and family : an international research perspective
The life coach workbook
The story of Kullervo
The eerie silence : are we alone in the universe?
Adultery : a novel
The festival of insignificance : a novel
A tour of bones : facing fear and looking for life
Market leader : elementary business English course book
The three-body problem
Lucky planet : why Earth is exceptional - and what that means for life in the universe
Inferno
The list of my desires
33 artists in 3 acts
Intelligent business : coursebook CDs
Kids are weird : and other observations from parenthood
Wonders of life
Who owns the ice house? : eight life lessons from an unlikely entrepreneur
Of things gone astray
A passage of stars
Single & Single : a novel
A rough ride to the future
Heaven is beautiful : how dying taught me that death is just the beginning
A survival guide for life : how to achieve your goals, thrive in adversity and grow in character
Business first
The darling buds of May
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
Focus : the hidden driver of excellence
The forty rules of love
Dear life
From bags to blenders : The Journey of a Yorkshire Businessman
Going home again
The quiet invasion
The Coffin
The end of days
Market leader : upper intermediate business English course book
Originals : how non-conformists move the world
Thinking of answers : questions in the philosophy of everyday life
Simpsons comics : Helsinki
That was good
The Cleveland show. Kausi 1
Thinking in new boxes : a new paradigm for business creativity
10 good questions about life and death
Furiously happy : a funny book about horrible things
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
On the other side
Business first. Chapters 1-10
Bear Meets Dragon - cross-cultural research on the business relations between the companies from southern Satakunta region and China
Role of Educators: Creating Emotional Safety at Day Centers
Throwing light on more serious problems without pronouncing a single serious phrase, giving into the thrill of the contemporary world whilst avoiding any realism - that is 'The Festival of Insignificance'. It can be considered a synthesis of all Kundera's work. A strange synthesis. A strange epilogue. A strange laugh, inspired by our era which is comic because it has lost all sense of humour.
A new history of life : the radical new discoveries about the origins and evolution of life on earth
Cloud atlas
A good life : philosophy from cradle to grave
Modernization, emigration and the family : the Finnish case
Remember when
A critical examination of the belief in a life after death
Business ethics in global economy
Reflections on EFL proficiency requirements in the business context : towards bilingualism in professional education in Finland
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the world overwhelms you
Business communication quarterly
A bite-sized guide for Finnish SME companies operating in China
The good life
Communicating across cultures : the key to successful international business communication
Understanding business : the connections between common sense and good commercial decisions
Creation : the origin of life
Life : the human quest for an ideal
The garden and the workshop : essays on the cultural history of Vienna and Budapest
Soul Sisters : devotions for and from African American, Latina and Asian women
Clean break
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
Women and the new business leadership
Business innovation through blockchain : the B3 perspective
What does that mean? : exploring mind, meaning and mysteries
Ocean of life : how our seas are changing
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
The first fifteen lives of Harry August
Next
What is life?
Revolution's shore
The Popcorn report : on the future of your company, your world, your life
Judy Moody & Stink : The wishbone wish
To the lighthouse
Aalto leaders' insight
The ultimate happiness prescription : 7 keys to joy and enlightment
The reflective life : living wisely with our limits
Halfway home : a novel
In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most In a series of articles specifically commissioned for this volume, some of today's most distinguished business ethicists survey the main areas of interest and concern in the field of business ethics. Sections of the book cover topics such as the often uneasy relationship between business ethics and capitalism, the link between business ethics and ethical theory, how ethics applies to specific problems in the business world, the connection between business ethics and related academic disciplines, and the practice of business ethics in modern corporations.The book can be used as a comprehensive text for introductory or advanced courses in business ethics, as a reference for teachers and writers in the field, or as a guide for other academic or business persons who wish to become familiar with the central issues in the field. To enhance its usefulness, the volume includes bibliographies of the relevant literature and a list of internet sources for material on business ethics, and an extensive index.
Factors affecting the success of English language human resources training
Business dynamics and scenarios of change : affecting business models and value creation within the ICT sector
Science encyclopedia
The colour of milk
I found a dead bird : a guide to the cycle of life and death
Fates and furies
The vital question : why is life the way it is?
The inhabited world
A whole life
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
When : the art of perfect timing
How to have a Big Life : sharing simple secrets of success
Reunited
Debating procreation : is it wrong to reproduce?
Thrive : the third metric to redefining success and creating a happier life
The journal of business communication
Touba and the meaning of night
When the night comes
The Italian matchmaker
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
Beatific afterlife in ancient Israel and in the ancient Near East
What can we do to live life wisely? You might think that the answer would be to think and reflect more. But this is not Valerie Tiberius's answer. On her view, when we really take account of what we are like - when we recognize our psychological limits - we will see that too much thinking and reflecting is bad for us. Instead, we need to think and reflect better. This means that we need to develop wisdom: we need to care about things that will sustain us and give us good experiences, we need to have perspective on our successes and failures, and we need to be moderately self-aware and cautiously optimistic about human nature. Further, we need to know when to think about our values, character, and choices, and when not to. A crucial part of wisdom, Tiberius maintains, is knowing when to stop reflecting and get lost in the experience. The Reflective Life also considers the issue of how to philosophize about how to live. A recent trend in moral philosophy has been toward what is sometimes called 'empirically informed ethics'. This methodology has not yet caught on in normative ethics, primarily because we cannot conclude anything about what ought to be the case from the facts about what is. Tiberius agrees that this leap should be avoided, but argues that empirical psychology can inform our philosophical theories in interesting ways.
We are not alone : why we have already found extraterrestrial life
Market leader : pre-intermediate business English course book
Life beyond death : what should we expect?
The system
Business mathematics
Song of the skylark
Antifragile : how to live in a world we don't understand
The evidence for communication with the dead
An introduction to astrobiology
The probability of miracles : one summer to live a lifetime
"Your soul is too heavy to pass through this door, Leave the weight of the world in the world from before." Evie Snow is eighty-two when she quietly passes away in her sleep, surrounded by her children and grandchildren. It's the way most people wish to leave the world but when Evie reaches the door of her own private heaven, she finds that she's become her twenty-seven-year-old self and the door won't open. Evie's soul must be light enough to pass through so she needs to get rid of whatever is making her soul heavy.
It's not you, it's me
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
Approaches to a business negotiation case study : teamwork, humour and teaching
Flourish : a new understanding of happiness and well-being - and how to achieve them
American business dictionary
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 1, Foundations
Are we being watched? : the search for life in the cosmos
The AMA handbook of business letters
Elites in Finnish energy policy and biogas as a motor vehicle fuel
The little book of thinking big : aim higher and go further than you ever thought possible
Repair work interaction in business e-mail messages - with special reference to interpersonal metadiscourse
Diary of the fall
Split second
Critical success factors of Finnish-Mexican interpersonal communication in the business context
Espresso tales : the latest from 44 Scotland Street
Doing business in China : the Sun Tzu way
Seeing what others don't : the remarkable ways we gain insights
Business creativity : breaking the invisible barriers
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
The lonely look
Expert systems : artificial intelligence in business
Various pets alive and dead
Happy are the happy
The Kingfisher Atlas of the Ancient World
Contact with the other world : the latest evidence as to communication with the dead
The Chinese family in the communist revolution
Life after death : the burden of proof
Leadership : the power of emotional intelligence : selected writings
Kneller's happy campers
The Bakers : do these toys belong somewhere?
Restless creatures : the story of life in ten movements
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
Join the Finnish traditions with family Virtanen = Virtasten mukana ympäri vuoden
Negotiation : how to craft agreements that give everyone more..
A short history of nearly everything
What is life? : investigating the nature of life in the age of synthetic biology
A bite-sized guide to Chinese business manners
Narural (-ly) housewives : an oral history of growing up in Norway in the 1950s and 1960s
The companions
Intelligent business : coursebook
The last original wife : a novel
The secrets of life
That's why
Some cross-cultural observations of a third-generation Finnish-American
Ocean worlds : the story of seas on Earth and other planets
Live and learn and pass it on : people ages 5 to 95 share what they've discovered about life, love, and other good stuff
The myths of creativity : the truth about how innovative companies and people generate great ideas
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
Built to last
100 great building success ideas
Family matters
The final testimony of Raphael Ignatius Phoenix
The Darkside War
Wonderful life
Total business design
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Market leader : advanced business English : course book
A companion to business ethics
Ready or not
The final testament of the Holy Bible
Kazakhstan : the business traveller's handbook
The new ghost
Effects of ICT connectedness, permeability, flexibility, and negative spillovers on burnout and job and family satisfaction
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
The phenomenon of man
Guilt, shame, and anxiety : understanding and overcoming negative emotions
Other worlds : the search for life in the universe
Growing like a Weed
"With the scope of Dune and the commercial action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to experience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. Set against the backdrop of China's Cultural Revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. An alien civilization on the brink of destruction captures the signal and plans to invade Earth. Meanwhile, on Earth, different camps start forming, planning to either welcome the superior beings and help them take over a world seen as corrupt, or to fight against the invasion. The result is a science fiction masterpiece of enormous scope and vision"
The shift : taking your life from ambition to meaning
EBRF 2011 : conference proceedings
Life : phenomenology of life as the starting point of philosophy = La vie : phénoménologie integrale de la vie comme point de départ de la philosophie
Afterlife : the complete guide to life after death
Secrets of the richest man who ever lived : 31 master secrets from the life of King Solomon
Introducing emotional intelligence : a practical guide
Russian an German business environment: cultural comparative study
A short history of decay
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 2, Clinical evidence
A time traveller's guide to life, the universe & everything
The dream of the red chamber
The art of loving
Introduction to Management Science
The magic of thinking big
44 Scotland Street
"At your convenience" : politeness strategies in quotation letters written by non-native and native speakers of English
My so-called afterlife
The legacy of Elizabeth Pringle
Against the gods : the remarkable story of risk
