http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3160 mathematics
mathematics
Introduction to MATLAB with numerical preliminaries
From memories of the past to anticipations of the future : pre-service elementary teachers' mathematical identity work
The International Congress on the Problem Solving in Mathematics - ProMath 2004 - June 30- July 2, 2004, Lahti, Finland
On the lattice of equational classes of Boolean functions and its closed intervals
Intensive interventions for students struggling in reading and mathematics : a practise guide
Abstract.
Visualization of fields and applications in engineering
Calculus and its applications
Contributions to mathematics, statistics, econometrics, and finance : essays in honour of professor Seppo Pynnönen
Famous problems and other monographs
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of mathematics for nurses
The world of mathematics : a small library of the literature of mathematics from A'h-mosé the Scribe to Albert Einstein. Vol. 4
Fractals for the classroom : strategic activities. 2
Calculus : with analytic geometry
Deflation-based separation of uncorrelated stationary time series
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Children's talk about mathematics and mathematical talk
Numerical methods for engineers and scientists
Tensor products on category O and Kostant's problem
Mathematical logic quarterly
The role of parents' and teachers' child-related competence beliefs in the development of students' self-concept of ability
An introduction to discrete mathematics
Introductory discrete mathematics
The nightmare stacks
Utilising student profiles in mathematics course arrangements
Learning to participate:participating to learn in science and mathematics classrooms
The world of mathematics : a small library of the literature of mathematics from A'h-mosé the Scribe to Albert Einstein. Vol. 1
A primer on wavelets and their scientific applications
Mathematics : its content, methods and meaning. Vol. 3
Modal fragments of second-order logic
The Handbook of Cliometrics is a milestone in the field of historical economics and econometric history through its emphasis on the concrete contribution of cliometrics to our knowledge in economics and history. The articles in the handbook authored by the leading scholars in the fields, stress the usefulness of cliometrics for economists, historians and social scientists in general. The Handbook offers a comprehensive coverage of topics with each article providing an overview of the contributions of cliometrics to a particular topic. The Handbook sets a new standard of quality in the field by offering a world-wide forum of discussion in cliometrics.
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Ahlfors-David regular sets and bilipschitz maps
Trigonometry
Engineering maths
This volume offers comprehensive 'state-of-the-art' overviews of educational policies concerning the teaching of English in a large number of Asian countries. Each contribution is written by a leading expert and gives a clear assessment of current policies and future trends. Starting with a description of the English education policies in the respective countries, the contributors then delve into the 'nuts and bolts' of the English education policies and how they play out in practice in the education system, in schools, in the curriculum, and in teaching. Topics covered include the balance between the acquisition of English and the national language, political, cultural, economic and technical factors that strengthen or weaken the learning of English.
On relationships between beliefs and knowledge in mathematics education
Mathematics
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
A benchmark study of elliptic and hyperbolic shells of revolution
Success in mathematics
Applied cryptology, cryptographic protocols, and computer security models : lecture notes prepared for the American mathematical society short course Cryptology in revolution: mathematics and models, held in San Francisco, Calif., January 5-6, 1981
Serbian students' attitudes towards mathematics and mathematical education : Tempus Attitude Survey (TAS) 2013-2014 report
Reflections of Online Assessment Between BEng Programmes at the Dawn of Digitalization : a Case Study of Online Assessment of Mathematics Programmes in Two Partner Institutions
Regional co-operation in science education research and researcher training : an example from Northern Europe
The mathematics for engineers problem solver : a complete solution guide to any textbook
Global threats of terrorism, drug-smuggling and other crimes have led to a significant increase in research on game theory for security. Game theory provides a sound mathematical approach to deploy limited security resources to maximize their effectiveness. A typical approach is to randomize security schedules to avoid predictability, with the randomization using artificial intelligence techniques to take into account the importance of different targets and potential adversary reactions. This book distills the forefront of this research to provide the first and only study of long-term deployed applications of game theory for security for key organizations such as the Los Angeles International Airport police and the US Federal Air Marshals Service. The author and his research group draw from their extensive experience working with security officials to intelligently allocate limited security resources to protect targets, outlining the applications of these algorithms in research and the real world.
Basic mathematics for economists
Current research on mathematics and science education : proceedings of the XXI Annual Symposium of the Finnish Association of Mathematics and Science Education Research
Mathematics teaching
The I used to know that activity book : stuff you forgot from school
Basic technical mathematics
Mathematics : its content, methods and meaning. Vol. 2
Advanced engineering mathematics : using matlab v.4
Applied mathematics
WebALT 2006 Proceedings : first WebALT conference and exhibition : January 5-6, 2006 Technical University of Eindhoven, Netherlands
Evaluation of Swedish research in mathematics : funded by the Swedish Research Council or the Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research during the years 2002-2006
Mappings of finite distortion : formation of cusps
Fluke : the maths and myths of coincidences
Mathematics : an applied approach
Estimating nadir objective vector : hybrid of evolutionary and local search
100 great problems of elementary mathematics : their history and solution
Introductory mathematics for engineering applications
Differential operators on some classes of rings
An estimation of nadir objective vector using a : hybrid evolutionary-cum-local-search procedure
Theory and problems of basic mathematics : with applications to science and technology
Metacognition in group problem solving—a quest for socially shared metacognition
Mathematical difficulties : psychology and intervention
New directions in stochastic multicriteria acceptability analysis
Circular Forms in Aleksis Kivi’s Texts
Current state of research on mathematical beliefs XVIII : proceedings of the MAVI-18 Conference, September 12-15, 2012
Mathematics education and language diversity : the 21st ICMI study
P-harmonic functions near the boundary
The world of mathematics : a small library of the literature of mathematics from A'h-mosé the Scribe to Albert Einstein. Vol. 2
Local dimensions of measures on infinitely generated self-affine sets
PROCEEDINGS OF THE FIFTH CONFERENCE ON PROBABILITY THEORY : SEPTEMBER 1-6, 1974, BRASOV, ROMANIA
The way to pass national curriculum maths GCSE higher level
The calculus diaries : a year discovering how maths can help you lose weight, win in Vegas, and survive a zombie apocalypse
The mathematical experience
The mathematica journal. Issue 2.
Objective trade-off rate information in interactive multiobjective optimization methods : a survey of theory and applications
Basic training in mathematics : a fitness program for science students
Technician mathematics. 2
Book of Proof
Math refresher for scientists and engineers
Squaring the circle and other monographs
The changing curriculum : prepared for ASCD Commission on Current Curriculum Developments. Mathematics
Over and over again
On relations between classical and quantum theories of information and probability
Introductory mathematics : applications and methods
Technician mathematics. 1
Automatic assessment of assignments in mathematics and computing science by adaptive testing.
CRC standard mathematical tables
A constructive approach to Sylvester's conjecture
Schaum's 3000 solved problems in calculus
Online Mathematics With Interactive Concept Maps
Human reliability analysis methods for probabilistic safety assessment
Fundamentals of scientific mathematics
Hamilton-Jacobi equations
Schaum`s outline of theory and problems of finite mathematics
Pre-calculus for dummies
Advanced mathematics: a preparation for calculus
Reflections of online assessment between BEng programmes at the dawn of digitalization - A case study of online assessment of mathematics programmes in two partner institutions
Discrete mathematics for computing
The world of mathematics : a small library of the literature of mathematics from A'h-mosé the Scribe to Albert Einstein. Vol. 3
The finite and discrete math problem solver
The dynamics of affect, cognition, and social environment in the regulation of personal learning processes : the case of mathematics
Gauss's law in Yang-Mills theory
A teacher's guide to modern mathematics. Book 2
Adaptive dynamics of resource specialization
Mathematical handbook of formulas and tables
Convexity and optimization in Banach spaces
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of college mathematics
What works for children with mathematical difficulties?
A first course in the finite element method using algor
Conformal invariants
Generalizing the Goldblatt-Thomason theorem and modal definability
Algebraic, analytic and stochastic concepts on the dyadic (2-series) field with some applications to time series
Some students think that online assessment is not a true reflection of their work effort. This paper reports on a collaborative international project within two higher education institutions to research issues of student perception of effort in online assessment. The students participated in completion of questionnaires and a sample was selected to participate in focus group discussion. Evidence from the data suggests that students, have preconceived ideas about assessment, may be uncomfortable with new forms of assessment, and are unsure about how they should interact with online assessment systems. The research indicates that perceptions of effort and reward as seen by students is at variance with those held by teachers. The study offers a brief insight into the thinking of students at first year of study in engineering. It may be suggested that alternative approaches to curriculum and pedagogical design are necessary to alleviate student concerns.
Pre-service elementary teachers' certainity estimations in mathematics tasks measuring understanding and calculation skills
Applied calculus of variations for engineers
Digital lines, Sturmian words, and continued fractions
Professor Stewart's casebook of mathematical mysteries
Evaluating and improving undergraduate teaching in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics
Collected papers of Wilhelm Ljunggren
Basic Technical Mathematics
Security and game theory : algorithms, deployed systems, lessons learned
Outlines, notes & highlights for : essential mathematics for economic analysis
Teaching geometry in grade four : three experimental studies carriedout in a practical educational situation
Maths in minutes
A path to modern mathematics
Reproducing traditional discourses of teaching and learning mathematics : studies of mathematics and ICT in teaching and teacher education
Precalculus : based on Schaum's Outline of precalculus by Fred Safier
Assisting students struggling with mathematics : Response to Intervention (RtI) for elementary and middle schools
Hyperbolic type geometries in subdomains
Higher engineering mathematics
Algorithms to live by : the computer science of human decisions
Approaches to finite variable dependence : expressiveness and computational complexity
On some graph coloring problems
Adaptive reduction of finite element models in computational solid mechanics
Mathematics : a complete introduction
Bulletin of the Institute of Mathematics, Academia sinica. New series
Mathematical tools in a digital world
Engaging in mathematics in the classroom : symbols and experiences
Distortion properties of quasiconformal maps
Fulfilling the criteria for a good mathematics teacher : the case of one student
SMAA-classification : a new method for nominal classification
Complex variables : theory and application
Applied numerical analysis
Shape sensitivity analysis for numerical solution of free boundary problems
Extended abstract in Finnish. - Extended abstract in Portuguese.
Digital signal processsing using MATLAB for students and researchers
Geometry by tiling? : Geometric thinking based on van Hiele's theory and a Tiling project of tessellations in basic education.
Problem solving in mathematics club
GMAT® for dummies
Learning in schools : a modelling approach
THEORY OF MODULES / AN INTRODUCTION TO THE THEORY OF MODULE CATEGORIES ; TRANSLATED FROM THE ROMANIAN BY MIOARA BUICULESCU
Calculus for the utterly confused
Exact controllability and stabilization of hyperbolic systems through boundary control
Metacognition in group problem solving : a quest for socially shared metacognition
Pre-primary school teachers' approaches to mathematics education in Finland
Conceptions of mathematics teacher education : thoughts among teacher educators in Tanzania
Classification of Abelian Square-Free Words over Three Letters
Chaotic fishponds and mirror universes
Mathematics : its content, methods, and meaning. Vol. 2
Studies in the conceptual development of mathematical analysis
Efficient optimization algorithms for nonlinear data analysis
Children's Mathematical and Emotional Expressions Inspired by Pictures
Generalizations of the Beckenbach-Radó theorem
Abstract: Finnish Air Force cadets in network : experience in use of online learning environment in basic studies of mathematics.
What's happening in the mathematical sciences. Vol. 3, 1995-1996
New directions in Stochastic Multicriteria Acceptability Analysis
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
The best writing on mathematics 2014
Mathematical handbook : higher mathematics
The certainty of mathematics : a philosophical investigation
Doing better? : children's and their parents' and teachers' perceptions of the malleability of the child's academic competences
Students' conceptions on effective mathematics teaching
"Discover how maths can explain and predict the vagaries of chance. Imagine this: you are browsing used books in a bookstore hundreds of miles from home when you come across a copy of Moby Dick, which you remember reading as a child. You open it and find your own name on the inside cover. What are the chances? This is the question we ask ourselves upon encountering seemingly impossible coincidences, like the woman who won the lottery four times. But from clairvoyants to financial markets, and from unique scientific discoveries to DNA evidence, if there is any likelihood that something could happen, no matter how small, it is bound to happen to someone at some time. Coupling lively anecdotes with the principles of probability, Joseph Mazur balances the fun of a great coincidence with the logical thinking of a mathematician. With a lightness of touch and a witty turn of phrase, Mazur sweeps aside pseudoscience and conspiracy theories, proving that there are rational explanations for even the most extraordinary events."--Allen & Unwin website.
Journal of the London Mathematical Society
Topics in hardness of approximation and social choice theory
Adventures on the Borderland of Mathematics and Arts: the Kaposvár University's "CrossBorderScience" Project (2011-2012)
How do teachers listen to their pupils?
Testing equality of reliability and stability with simple linear constraints in multi-wave, multi-variable models
Space-time block codes and the complexity of sphere decoding
GLIDE - general formulation for interactive multiobjective optimization
Maple computer manual for seventh edition Advanced engineering mathematics
An overview of research on teaching and learning mathematics
Motivational beliefs in the TIMSS 2003 context : theory, measurement and relation to test performance
Design Anamorphosis in Math Class
Investigating RightStart Mathematics Kindergarten instruction in Finland
'Algorithms to Live By' looks at the simple, precise algorithms that computers use to solve the complex 'human' problems that we face, and discovers what they can tell us about the nature and origin of the mind. How can we do everything we hope to get done, either in a day or in a lifetime? How should we juggle the many roles we play at work and at home? Is there a better way to organise the space around us? What mix of novelty and familiarity are going to let us lead a rich and fulfilling life? These are problems applicable to every human being - we can pursue but an infinitesimal sliver of the possibilities available to us, and most of them imperfectly. In 'Algorithms to Live By', Brian Christian and Tom Griffiths identify the fundamental mathematical structure of these challenges and study them within the context of computer science. Their investigation sheds new light on how the mind works, and reveals what we can learn about ourselves from the shared problems faced by computers and humans alike.
Introduction to algebraic geometry and commutative algebra
Engineering mathematics with Mathematica
Einstein, the girl who hated maths
Ordinary level mathematics
Summary.
Mathematics Learning through Arts and Collaborative Problem-Solving : The Princess and the Diamond-Problem
The nautical almanac abridged for the use of seamen for the year 1920
Proceedings of the International Congress of Mathematicians : Beijing, August 20-28, 2002
A study of privacy preserving queries with bloom filters
Handbook of Cliometrics
On some variations of the Goldblatt-Thomason theorem
The square root of summer
Experiental education of mathematics : art and games for digital natives
Following the Footsteps of Daedalus : Labyrinth Studies Meets Visual Mathematics.
Teaching and learning of electric and magnetic fields at the university level
Students teachers' views on relevance and coherence of mathematics and science teacher education programme
Developments in mathematics teaching
A first course of collegiate mathematics
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Early mathematics interventions: supporting young children with low performance in mathematics
Foundation mathematics
Mathematics for electrical engineering and computing
How high can a dinosaur count? : and other math mysteries
Engineering mathematics
Calculus : a new horizon
Collected works. 2, Geometry, analysis, topology and mechanics
LUMAT-B : international journal on math, science and technology education
A teacher's guide to modern mathematics. Book 1
Taking early action may be key to helping students struggling with mathematics. The eight recommendations in this guide are designed to help teachers, principals, and administrators use Response to Intervention for the early detection, prevention, and support of students struggling with mathematics.
Summary in Swedish.
