http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3161 water management
water management
Modelling phytoplankton in boreal lakes
Life of Lake Vesijärvi : from successful biomanipulation to sustainable management
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 6, Management of inland saline waters
Monitoring water quality : Pollution assessment, Analysis, and Remediation
Advanced groundwater remediation : active and passive technologies
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 9, Reservoir water quality management
Indicator species : an important tool when preserving the cultural landscape
Water and water management for everybody
Public participation and water management in the Baltic Sea region : [regional implementation of the EU Water Framework Directive in the Baltic Sea catchment] : BERNET CATCH [theme report]
Best available technology (BAT) should be used for peat extraction runoff purification. One currently used BAT technique is treatment wetland construction on pristine peatland, but under Finnish national strategies, new peat extraction areas should only be established on previously drained peatland and it can be challenging to find natural, intact peatland for treatment wetlands near these areas. This thesis evaluated the function and purification efficiency of treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland and examined factors that could indicate their purification efficiency. The year-round removal efficiency of treatment wetlands established in drained or pristine peatland areas in a cold climate was also studied. A first study examined the water flow processes in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland. In more than 50% of the 20 wetlands studied, the active flow depth was under 20 cm and water distribution was unequal. A second study determined the purification efficiency of treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland and examined factors indicating removal efficiency. The removal efficiency of suspended solids and inorganic nitrogen was good, but in some wetlands leaching of phosphorus and iron was observed, e.g. due to changes in peat properties, first after drainage and then after rewetting, altering e.g., oxygen conditions in the peat layer. The surface peat content of elements such as phosphorus, iron, aluminum, magnesium, manganese, and calcium can be used as a proxy to assess leaching of phosphorus.A third study examined the year-round purification efficiency of treatment wetlands based on peat extraction load monitoring program values. Seasonal variation in the purification efficiency of constructed wetlands was observed for total nitrogen, ammonium-nitrogen, and chemical oxygen demand (CODMn). Based on these results, it is possible to evaluate the suitability of different drained peatland areas for water purification purposes. Treatment wetlands were shown to generally purify runoff water during winter mainly as well as in other seasons, except for nitrogen and CODMn, but there may be variations between wetlands.
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
Environmental guidelines to practical forest management
Ponoi and Näätämö River : collaborative management plan
Forest-water interactions in Europe : Joensuu Forestry Networking Week 2010
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 3, Lake shore management
Lake management and restoration in Lakepromo-countries : joint summary manual
"This text examines the impact of climate change on freshwater ecosystems, past, present and future. It especially considers the interactions between climate change and other drivers of change including hydromorphological modification, nutrient loading, acid deposition and contamination by toxic substances using evidence from palaeolimnology, time-series analysis, space-for-time substitution, laboratory and field experiments and process modelling. The book evaluates these processes in relation to extreme events, seasonal changes in ecosystems, trends over decadal-scale time periods, mitigation strategies and ecosystem recovery.The book is also concerned with how aspects of hydrophysical, hydrochemical and ecological change can be used as early indicators of climate change in aquatic ecosystems and it addresses the implications of future climate change for freshwater ecosystem management at the catchment scale.This is an ideal book for the scientific research community, but is also accessible to Masters and senior undergraduate students"--
Global International Waters assessment. Regional assessment 3a, Caribbean Sea/Small Islands
Investing in water for a green economy : services, infrastructure, policies, and management
In search of integration : analyzing the gap between theory and practice of Integrated Water Resources Management with case studies from West Africa and international policy processes
Influences of forest and rangelend management on salmonid fishes and their habitats
Fishery in open waters
Implementation of Agenda 21 in Finland
Water, a shared responsibility : the United Nations world water development report 2.
Economic analyses of diffuse load abatement in Finnish forestry
Net loading system for fish farming : trash fish reduction and internal loading
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 1, Principles of lake management
Selling forest environmental services : market-based mechanisms for conservation and development
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 5, Management of lake acidification
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Water quality modelling for rivers and streams
Guidelines for mitigating the adverse effects of acid sulphate soils in Finland until 2010.
Guidlines for mitigating the adverse effects of acid soils in Finland until 2020.
The state of the environment
Europe's environment : the Dobríš assessment
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Can the poor enhance poverty reduction? : rural and urban perspectives on water resources, poverty & participatory development in the Tonle Sap Region and Phnom Penh, Cambodia
Climate change impacts on freshwater ecosystems
New technologies in aquaculture : improving production efficiency, quality and environmental management
Wetland systems to control urban runoff
Management and conservation of the Afrikan Great Lakes : Lakes Victoria, Tanganyika and Malawi : comparative and comprehensive study of Great Lakes
Decorative or outrageous : the significance of the Common Reed (Phragmites australis) on water quality
Lake and reservoir management
Proceedings of the European Symposium on Spatial Planning Approaches towards Sustainable River Basin Management, May 14-15 2007, Rovaniemi
TRIWA II : management of an international river basin district - Torne river
Principles of water resources : history, development, management, and policy
With well-known editors and an international team of contributors, New Technologies in Aquaculture begins by focusing on the genetic improvement of farmed species and control of reproduction then reviews key issues in health, diet and husbandry, such as the control of viral and parasitic diseases, diet and husbandry techniques to improve disease resistance, advances in diets for particular fish species and the impact of harmful algal bloom on shellfisheries aquaculture. It examines the design of different aquaculture production systems, including offshore technologies, tank-based recirculating systems and ponds, and key environmental issues and concludes with coverage of farming new species.
Basic water treatment
Freshwater resources and interstate cooperation : strategies to mitigate an environmental risk
The green change
Awareness and participation towards encouraging sustainable urban water management : a case study of the Jakkur Lake, Bangalore
Hydroecology and ecohydrology : past, present, and future
River basin management 5 : proceedings of an IAWPRC conference held in Rovaniemi, Finland, 31 July - 4 August, 1989
The new generation of watershed management programmes and projects : a resource book for practitioners and local decision-makers based on the findings and recommendations of an FAO review
2013 Finnish Conference of Environmental Sciences, 2-3 May 2013, Tampere, Finland, www.fses.fi : proceedings
Water management and assessment of ecological status in transboundary river basins : abstracts and presentations : final seminar of the Trabant project Helsinki, Finland 11-13 September 2007
Combating water scarcity in southern Africa : case studies from Namibia
Hydrological and biological responses to forest practices : the Alsea Watershed Study
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
Advances in ecological research : [ecosystems in a human-modified landscape: a european perspective]
River basin analyses and management : final report 1 of the project Transnational River Basin Districts on the Eastern Side of the Baltic Sea Network - TRABANT
The atlas of water : mapping the world's most critical resource
Contested waterscapes in the Mekong Region : hydropower, livelihoods, and governance
Water drops : celebrating the wonder of water
The plan of water and water ecosystem protection for Lake Karelian Pyhäjärvi
Water discharge and leaching of nitrate
The River Torne International Watershed : common Finnish and Swedish typology, reference conditions and a suggested harmonised monitoring program : results from the TRIWA project
The Lakepromo project information package on lake management and restoration practices in Finland
Economic evaluation of environmental impacts of forestry on water-based values in Finland
The rivers handbook : hydrological and ecological principles. Vol. 2
09 Finnish Conference of Environmental Science, 14-15 May 2009, Lahti, Finland : proceedings
Droplets : stories from Lake Vanajavesi
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Lake Pyhäjärvi, in Karelia, is an oligotrophic transboundary lake between Finland and Russia. It is a valuable clear water lake for fishing, recreation, research and nature protection. It belongs to several local and national monitoring programmes. The lake is loaded mainly by non-point sources such as forestry and agriculture. The anthropogenic impact is evident on the Finnish side, whereas the Russian side is considered almost pristine. The lake is very vulnerable to changes. Deterioration of water quality was noticed in the 1980's. The water conservation done in 1990's improved the water quality. Water protection is still needed at the lake, but it requires cooperation between authorities, local people, doers and industries. This report introduces the lake and its catchment, summarises the land use, loading sources and quantity of the load and presents the present state of the lake. In the end are introduced the water protection measures of different fields usable at Lake Pyhäjärvi.
The rain garden planner : seven steps to conserving and managing water in the garden
Adapting forest management to maintain the environmental services: carbon sequestration, biodiversity and water : abstracts and programme of an international conference at Koli National Park, Finland in 21.-24.9.2009
Forests and water : a thematic study prepared in the framework of the Global Forest Resources Assessment 2005
TRIWA III - Forestry Task : water protection in regeneration cutting and site preparation areas : guidelines and practices in the field
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 7, Biomanipulation in lakes and reservoirs management
Watershed management : balancing sustainability and environmental change
Water resources and development
Good practices in Northern watercourses : community development, river restoration and environmental education
Report on legal and institutional issues in the management of Lake Victoria environment
Nordic EU Water Framework Directive - Seminar : Tampere, Finland, October 25-26, 2004 : results and recommendations
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
This study explains the role of forests in the hydrological cycle, with a particular focus on critical, "red flag" forest situations such as mountainous or steep terrain, river and coastal areas and swamp ecosystems, as well as the special case of mountainous small islands. It addresses the protection of municipal water supplies and emerging systems of payment for watershed services.--Publisher's description.
Rahkosenpuron kunnostus Lanneveden koululla : Restoring Rahkonen brook at the Lannevesi school = Restaurering av Rahkosenpuro-bäcken vid Lannevesi skola
This book offers a close examination of water scarcity as a developmental challenge facing member nations of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), the interventions that have been implemented to combat the situation and the challenges still outstanding. The first chapter paints the backdrop of the water scarcity problem, reviewing historical approaches from the 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro to the Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development (2002) to the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development (2012), and recapping principles and agreements reached during and after these conferences. Chapter two examines the Southern Africa region's efforts to combat water scarcity including principles, policies and strategies and the responsibility of each member to implement them. Written by the editor, J.P. Msangi, the chapter describes Namibia's efforts to ensure management of scarce water. Beyond enacting management and pollution control regulations and raising public awareness, Namibia encourages research to ensure attainment of the requirements of both the SADC Protocol and its own water scarcity management laws. The next three chapters offer Namibia-based case studies on impacts of pollution on water treatment; on the effects of anthropogenic activities on water quality and on the effects of water transfers from dams upstream of Von Bach dam. The final chapter provides detailed summaries of the issues discussed in the book, highlighting conclusions and offering recommendations. Combating Water Scarcity in Southern Africa synthesizes issues pertinent to the SADC countries as well as to other regions, and offers research that up to now has not been conducted in Namibia.
"In the context of the economies of the world becoming greener, this book provides a global and interdisciplinary overview of the condition of the world's water resources and the infrastructure used to manage it. It focuses on current social and economic costs of water provision, needs and opportunities for investment and for improving its management"--
Ecological development in the humid tropics : guidelines for planners
Urban watersheds : geology, contanimation, and sustainable development
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 2, Socio-economic aspects of lake reservoir management
Forestry and the protection of watercourses
