http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3169 international zones
international zones
Cold regions: pivot points, focal points : proceedings of the 24rd Polar Libraries Colloquy June 11-14, 2012, Boulder, Colorado, United States
The Governing Council of the ECB decided on an expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) in January 2015. Purchases have thus far been conducted to a total value of almost EUR 780 billion. At its monetary policy meeting in March 2016, the Governing Council decided to further ease the monetary policy stance. Accordingly, markets expect monetary policy to remain accommodative for a prolonged period..
Outline of the Bonus-169 Joint Baltic Sea Research Programme : strategic development 2010-2011 & implementation 2012-2016
Essays on international law : in honour of Krishna Rao
Emergency response logistics in action : case: Finnish Red Cross ERU mission in Pakistan 2010
Regional sub-state diplomacy today
International boundaries and environmental security : framework for regional cooperation
The effectiveness of the Arctic Council
Barents tourism : action plan (2nd edition)
Euro area growth dependent on domestic demand
The polar regions and the development of international law
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
Review of maritime transport 2012 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
A feasibility study of market expansion for company X
Report of the FAO/FFA Regional Workshop to Promote the Full and Effective Implementation of Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Nadi, Fiji, 28 August-1 September 2006.
Shared natural resources and international law
Abstract: Cooperation, integration and transnational regionalization in the Northern Calotte Region.
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
Review of maritime transport 2014 : United nations Conference on Trade and Development UNCTAD
The beginning
Regional science-based clusters : a case study of three European concentrations
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Frontier encounters : knowledge and practice at the Russian, Chinese and Mongolian border
The dialectic of understanding progress in arctic governance
New challenges and global problems in the Arctic
Politics of development in the Barents region
International market selection in Finnish industrial multinational enterprises
Political environment and business development in the arctic : strategic opportunities and threats for Finnish companies
Adherence to the home-country location of corporate headquarters : narratives of cultural identity, and resource-based pragmatism of globalising Finnish MNCs : location factors and managers' mutual knowledge networks in the Helsinki region
Spheres of influence in international relations : history, theory and politics
Arctic governance  in an evolving Arctic region : a proposal
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
Performing the emancipation of indigeneity from the corporeal politics, through the indigenous agencies
Current events happening around the world, especially the 'humanitarian interventions' by NATO and the West within the context of the so-called Arab Spring, make the understanding of the role of spheres of influence in international politics absolutely critical. Hast explores the practical implications and applications of this theory, challenging the concept by using historical examples such as suzerainty and colonialism, as well as the emergence of a hierarchical international order. This study further connects the English School tradition, post-war international order, the Cold War and images of Russia with the concept of the sphere of influence to initiate debate and provide a fresh outlook on a concept which has little recent attention.
The borderless North : proceedings of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs
New ways to respond to climate change in the Arctic
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
The Baltic Sea region : cultures, politics, societies
Essays on current account imbalances
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
International cooperation and Arctic governance : regime effectiveness and northern region building
An atlas of world affairs
Continental shelf limits : the scientific and legal interface
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Monetary policy and the global economy
Arctic Europe : bringing together the EU arctic policy and Nordic cooperation
Understanding Earth's polar challenges : International Polar Year 2007-2008 : summary
Report on the obligations of states under articles 74(3) and 83(3) of UNCLOS in respect of undelimited maritime areas
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
The politicization of the Arctic in the beginning of the 21st century : how do the Arctic Ocean states legitimate their new role in the Arctic of melting ice and new opportunities?
The maritime cluster in the Baltic Sea region and beyond
Democratic governance in international territorial administration : institutional prerequisites for democratic governance in the constitutional documents of territories administered by international organisations
Resource exploitation in the Arctic : incorrect diagnoses, misinterpretations  and wrong solutions – how to avoid these?
Review of maritime transport 2010 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Peremptory norms (jus cogens) in international law : historical development, criteria, present status
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
"China and Russia are rising economic and political powers that share thousands of miles of border. Yet, despite their proximity, their practical, local interactions with each other -- and with their third neighbour Mongolia -- are rarely discussed. The three countries share a boundary, but their traditions, languages and worldviews are remarkably different. Frontier Encounters presents a wide range of views on how the borders between these unique countries are enacted, produced, and crossed. It sheds light on global uncertainties: China's search for energy resources and the employment of its huge population, Russia's fear of Chinese migration, and the precarious economic independence of Mongolia as its neighbours negotiate to extract its plentiful resources. Bringing together anthropologists, sociologists and economists, this timely collection of essays offers new perspectives on an area that is currently of enormous economic, strategic and geo-political relevance. This collective volume is the outcome of a network project funded by the ESRC (RES-075-25_0022) entitled 'Where Empires Meet: The Border Economies of Russia, China and Mongolia'. The project, based at the Mongolia and Inner Asia Studies Unit (University of Cambridge), ran from 28 January 2010 to 27 January 2011."--Provided by publisher.
What future for Barents cooperation?
Archaeological and/or historic valuable shipwrecks in international waters : public international law and what it offers
Guidelines on monitoring and assesment of transboundary and international lakes. Part B: Technical guidelines
Legislating the blind spot : the EU seal regime and the Newfoundland seal hunt
Introduction
Boundaries and Agency in Climate Uncertainty : Encountering Traditional Knowledge at the Edges of Science
Transcending boundaries : library co-operation in Barents Euro-Arctic region benefits all participating countries
Review of maritime transport 2008 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Yearbook of the International Law Commission
Libraries @ Barents - communicative and active! : 19th Barents Library Conference
Challenging boundaries : global flows, territorial identities
The Barents Region in the state interests and international politics
Abstract: Transnationalisation, group interests  and Finland's negotiations with European Union.
Strategy papers on the Arctic or high north : a comparative study and analysis
Cultivating the human capital of the Central Baltic Sea region : policy recommendation : expat-project
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
Arctic strategies and policies : inventory and comparative study
Governance of protected areas in the Arctic
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 1
Guidelines on monitoring and assesment of transboundary and international lakes. Part A: Strategy document
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Arctic politics : conflict and cooperation in the circumpolar North
Regional development zones in Finland: territorial cohesion and competitiveness
Monitoring of international lakes : backround paper for the guidelines on monitoring and assessment of transboundary and international lakes
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
The South China Sea : the struggle for power in Asia
Past and present can help build better future for the states sharing water resources : Israeli-Arab water conflict
Intersecting interregionalism : regions, global governance and the EU
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
Canada and the circumpolar world : meeting the challenges of cooperation into the twenty-first century : report of the House of Commons Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs and International Trade
This article analyses regional development zones (RDZs). RDZs aim to combine economic growth with balanced regional development by directing development in a zonal way between growing centres and less central areas. The zones are generally formed along major roads or railroads between larger centres. RDZs cross many administrative borders and physically connect areas to each other. The empirical material of the study is derived from Finnish spatial planning documents at the national, regional and local levels as well as of semi-structural questionnaire (373 answers) and interviews with key actors involved in the studied RDZs. The OuKa RDZ crossing Finland in west-east direction between Oulu and Kuhmo is studied in-depth regarding the goals of the European Union Territorial Agenda. RDZs can become an important integrative tool for territorial cohesion as expressed in the Territorial Agenda. However, a more efficient concentration of functional activities and land use to core RDZ structures, as well as enhancement of the belongingness of inhabitants and key economic actors to the RDZ, are needed for this purpose.
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
Distribution channel selection in pharmaceutical industry
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Review of maritime transport 2013 : United nations Conference on Trade and Development UNCTAD
Opportunity meets uncertainty : towards sustainable business in the Arctic region
The Arctic Council : its place in the future of Arctic governance
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
