http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3167 art of living
art of living
The hustle economy : transforming your creativity into a career
Fame, fortune, and ambition : What is the real meaning of succes
In her latest book, The Universe Has Your Back,New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live.  Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power.  Gabrielle says, "My commitment with this book is to wake up as many people as possible to their connection to faith and joy. In that connection, we can be guided to our true purpose: to be love and spread love. These words can no longer be cute buzz phrases that we merely post on social media. Rather, these words must be our mission. The happiness, safety, and security we long for lies in our commitment to love."   When readers follow this path, they'll begin to feel a swell of energy move through them. They will find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain. Follow the secrets revealed in this book to unleash the presence of your power and know always that The Universe Has Your Back.
""If I could take what I've learned and make one menial job easier for you, or prevent you from having the kind of sex where you feel you must keep your sneakers on in case you want to run away during the act, then every misstep of mine was worthwhile. I'm already predicting my future shame at thinking I had anything to offer you, but also my future glory in having stopped you from trying an expensive juice cleanse or thinking that it was your fault when the person you are dating suddenly backs away, intimidated by the clarity of your personal mission here on earth. No, I am not a sexpert, a psychologist or a dietician. I am not a mother of three or the owner of a successful hosiery franchise. But I am a girl with a keen interest in having it all, and what follows are hopeful dispatches from the frontlines of that struggle."
The happiness of pursuit : finding the quest that will bring purpose to your life
Wishes fulfilled : mastering the art of manifesting
One small step can change your life : the kaizen way
The good life : 30 steps to perfecting the art of living
Happy is the new healthy : 31 Ways to relax, let go, and enjoy life NOW!
Wabi sabi love : the ancient art of finding perfect love in imperfect relationships
Wildflower Bay
Calm : calm the mind, change the world
Happy adults
Confidence : overcoming low self-esteem, insecurity, and self-doubt
Professional communicative repertoires and trajectories of socialization into global working life
The power of intention : learning to co-create your world your way
Rising strong
Release your inner Roman
Trying not to try
A curious mind : the secret to a bigger life
The magic of thinking big
Way of happiness : introducing WAY model for your successful life
How to age in place : planning for a happy, independent, and financially secure retirement
How to be a bad bitch
How to live a good life : soulful stories, surprising science and practical wisdom
What makes you happy? : how small changes can lead to big improvements in your life
The Tao of Pooh and The Te of Piglet
Leadership : the power of emotional intelligence : selected writings
The celestine vision : living the new spiritual awareness
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
Self-empowerment : live life to the full
The artist's way workbook
The key to living the law of attraction : a simple guide to creating the life of your dreams
Never Not a Lovely Moon
Ego is the enemy
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
A gift to myself : a personal workbook and guide to healing my child within
"In this must-read book for anyone striving to succeed, pioneering psychologist Angela Duckworth shows parents, educators, athletes, students, and business people--both seasoned and new--that the secret to outstanding achievement is not talent but a focused persistence called "grit."  Why do some people succeed and others fail? Sharing new insights from her landmark research on grit, MacArthur "genius" Angela Duckworth explains why talent is hardly a guarantor of success. Rather, other factors can be even more crucial such as identifying our passions and following through on our commitments.  Drawing on her own powerful story as the daughter of a scientist who frequently bemoaned her lack of smarts, Duckworth describes her winding path through teaching, business consulting, and neuroscience, which led to the hypothesis that what really drives success is not "genius" but a special blend of passion and long-term perseverance. As a professor at the University of Pennsylvania, Duckworth created her own "character lab" and set out to test her theory.  Here, she takes readers into the field to visit teachers working in some of the toughest schools, cadets struggling through their first days at West Point, and young finalists in the National Spelling Bee. She also mines fascinating insights from history and shows what can be gleaned from modern experiments in peak performance. Finally, she shares what she's learned from interviewing dozens of high achievers--from JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon to the cartoon editor of The New Yorker to Seattle Seahawks Coach Pete Carroll.  Winningly personal, insightful, and even life-changing, Grit is a book about what goes through your head when you fall down, and how that--not talent or luck--makes all the difference"--
Oh, the places you'll go
Finnish professionals with limited English proficiency : a study of language attitudes and language use
What if this is heaven? : how our cultural myths prevent us from experiencing heaven on earth
The happy hedgehog
A year with Aslan : word of wisdom and reflection from The chronicles of Narnia
Introducing emotional intelligence : a practical guide
How to talk to anyone : 92 little tricks for big success in relationships
The emotional hostage : rescuing your emotional life
How to deal with stress
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Creative visualization : use the power of your imagination to create what you want in your life
Only fear dies : a book of liberation
Hustle is a step-by-step guide to breaking out of the monotony of the 9-5 lifestyle and making your dreams a reality. It lays out the tools you need to realise the work you enjoy and gain the confidence and motivation to be in charge of your own adventures. In a world where loyalty doesn’t translate into success learn how to get ahead and discover a more imaginative way of living.
Eat, pray, eat : one man's accidental search for equanimity, equilibrium and enlightenment
The 7 habits of highly effective people : restoring the character ethics
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
The things you can see only when you slow down
Yes Yes living in a No No world
Acclaimed author Patrick Holford has spent the last 40 years exploring what it means to be 100 per cent healthy. In The Chemistry of Connection he shares deep wisdom that will help you to feel fully alive and awake, and to live a purposeful life. This book explores various avenues of the search for a deeper understanding and experience of connection, and finds connections between cultural, scientific and spiritual traditions in the search for higher understanding. In this book you will discover how to: wake up from disconnection to connection; develop your mind-body connection and heal your body; generate energy and restore your vitality; resolve emotional and relationship difficulties; improve your mental alertness and intellectual clarity; connect with the five elements that make us and our world; and, explore and experience philosophies that make life worth living. Including practical exercises, meditations and contemplations, this book will help you enhance connection in all areas of your life.
Tools of titans : the tactics, routines, and habits of billionaires, icons, and world-class performers
Not that kind of girl : a young woman tells you what she's "learned"
Hustle : the power to charge your life with money, meaning and momentum
The Hanna-Barbera guide to life : cool tips for top cats!
Communion with God : an uncommon dialogue
The reflective life : living wisely with our limits
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Reading work : literacies in the new workplace
Mastery
Mind power : change your thinking, change your life
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Jonathan Livingston Seagull
Isla's got the designer clothes and dream job as head stylist at the most exclusive salon in Edinburgh. The fact that she's been so single-minded in this quest that she's forgotten to have a life, a relationship, or any proper friendships, has passed her by. When it all goes horribly wrong, there's nobody willing to support her in her hour of need. Finn is thirty-five and reality has just hit him hard. Now his best friends are about to have a baby and everything is changing. When into his life walks Isla.
The triple package : what really determines success
The celebrity playbook : the insider's guide to living like a star
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue"--
Be happy : release the power of happiness in you
Change one thing! : make one change and embrace a happier, more successful you
The happiness track : how to apply the science of happiness to accelerate your success
Reflections on EFL proficiency requirements in the business context : towards bilingualism in professional education in Finland
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
The mind gym : relationships
Developing intuition : practical guide for daily life
The jelly effect : how to make your communication stick
Willpower : the owner̕ s manual : 12 tools for doing the right thing
Finland, cultural lone wolf
The role of the English language in the integration of refugees into Finnish society
I moved your cheese : for those who refuse to live as mice in someone else's maze
Happy is the new healthy : 31 ways to relax, let go, and enjoy life NOW!
Provides a straight-talking, humorous, and helpful guide to shedding self-doubt and finding one's own path to success.
The Liszts
The 7 habits of highly effective people personal workbook
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
110 Ahadith qudsi : saying of the Prophet having Allâhs statements
Mindfulness for beginners : reclaiming the present moment - and your life
The power of now : a guide to spiritual enlightenment
Brave enough
Life lessons for loving the way you live : 7 essential ingredients for finding balance and serenity
From frazzled to fabulous : how to juggle fatherhood, a successful career, 'me time' and looking good
Mindfulness for dummies
Do less, get more : guilt-free ways to make time for the things (and people) that matter
Are you fully charged? : the 3 keys to energizing your work and life
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
Offers techniques to stop and recharge, change thinking patterns, use meditation to focus and de-stress, and use the peace that comes from the resulting calmness to make key changes in your life and the world.
AUTOBIOGRAPHY: GENERAL. Guardian columnist Lindy West wasn't always loud. It's difficult to believe she was once a nerdy, terror-stricken teen who wanted nothing more than to be invisible. Fortunately for women everywhere, along the road she found her voice - and how she found it! That cripplingly shy girl, who refused to make a sound, grew up to be one of the loudest, shrillest, most fearless feminazis on the internet, making a living speaking up for what's right instead of what's 'cool'. In Shrill, Lindy recounts how she went from being the butt of people's jokes, to telling her own brand of jokes - ones that come with a meaningful agenda and aren't at someone else's expense. She reveals the obstacles and misogyny she's had to overcome to make herself heard, in a society that doesn't believe women (especially fat women and feminists) can ever be funny.
The five side effects of kindness : this book will make you feel better, be happier & live longer
From Lost to Leading
Live and learn and pass it on : people ages 5 to 95 share what they've discovered about life, love, and other good stuff
A new way of thinking, a new way of being : experiencing the Tao Te Ching
Forgiveness : 21 days to forgive everyone for everything
Personal impact : what it takes to make a difference
The sleep revolution : transforming your life, one night at a time
Have a nicer day : 61 certain ways (and some uncertain ones) of achieving a better life)
The impossible just takes a little longer : living with purpose and passion
Getting back out there : secrets to successful dating and finding true love after the big breakup
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
The happiness purpose
The living wisdom of Socrates
Bull’s eye : the power of focus
The light inside the dark : zen, soul, and the spiritual life
The seven spiritual laws of yoga : a practical guide to healing body, mind, and spirit
Tiny beautiful things : advice on love and life from someone who's been there
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
Love your body : a positive affirmation guide for loving and appreciating your body
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
Strategies of optimism : start today - make a better future for yourself
Daring greatly : how the courage to be vulnerable transforms the way we live, love, parent and lead
The pilgrimage
Working in Finland : information for immigrants
Following her near-death experience as shared in the New York Times bestseller Dying to Be Me, Anita Moorjani knows well the truths that exist beyond common knowledge and acceptance. The clarity she has gained has led her to further understand who she was born to be.  Part of that truth has involved contemplating the cultural myths infused into our everyday lives. Passed down from generation to generation, these myths are pervasive and influential. From the belief we reap what we sow to the idea we must always be positive, cultural myths are often accepted as truths without questioning. Moorjani asserts it is now time for questioning in order to help us reach our fully informed, authentic selves.  Moorjani explores these common myths in their real-world existence while presenting examples from her own life that reveal the falsehoods beneath the surface. By freeing ourselves from these ubiquitous expectations, we can break open an honest pathway to life as it was meant to be lived.
Practicing the power of now : essential teachings, meditations, and exercises from The power of now
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
The 7 aha!s of highly enlightened souls : how to free yourself from all forms of stress and learn to live your life peacefully, lovingly and happily
The little book of hygge : the Danish way to live well
Better than before : what I learned about making and breaking habitsto sleep more, quit sugar, procrastinate less, and generally build a happier life
Widow’s guide to healing : gentle support and advice for the first 5 Years
Thanking (rather than thinking) puts us on an energetic frequency that calls in miracles. Science has proven that when we observe the world from a place of gratitude, we develop the capacity to radically rev up our day-to-day experience. This book offers an updated perspective on abundance, which goes way beyond financial capital.
Grit : the power of passion and perseverance
The art of work : a proven path to discovering what you were meant to do
Fragments of reality : daily entries of lived life
The best things in life : a guide to what really matters
Making the call : living with your decisions
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
The best job in the world : how to make a living from following your dreams
When everything changes, change everything : in a time of turmoil, a pathway to peace
A little light on ascension
Deliberate receiving : finally, the universe makes some freakin' sense!
How to stop worrying and start living
Homecoming : reclaiming and championing your inner child
The obstacle is the way : the ancient art of turning adversity to advantage
Life lessons from winnie - the - pooh
101 poems that could save your life
How are we to live ? : ethics in an age of self-interest
Think and grow rich
Radical honesty : how to transform your life by telling the truth
Life strategies : doing what works, doing what matters
"A guide to overcoming adversity by drawing on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics"--
Happier at home : kiss more, jump more, abandon a project, read Samuel Johnson, and my other experiments in the practice of everyday life
A perennial favorite, Dr. Seuss's wonderfully wise graduation speech is the perfect send-off for children starting out in the world, be they nursery school, high school, or college grads! From soaring to high heights and seeing great sights to being left in a Lurch on a prickle-ly perch, Dr. Seuss addresses life's ups and downs with his trademark humorous verse and illustrations, while encouraging readers to find the success that lies within. In a starred review, Booklist notes: Seuss's message is simple but never sappy: life may be a 'Great Balancing Act,' but through it all 'There's fun to be done. (WorldCat)
Let's assemble the pieces of life
The power of focus : how to hit your business and financial targets with confidence and certainty
The 33 strategies of war
Smarter faster better : the secrets of productivity in life and business
Don't eat the marshmallow...yet! : the secret to sweet success in work and life
The happiness project : or, why I spent a year trying to sing in the morning, clean my closets, fight right, read Aristotle, and generally have more fun
The prophet
Uninvited study guide : living loved when you feel less than, left out, and lonely
The keys : they don't want you to read this book
Striking thoughts : Bruce Lee's wisdom for daily living
Each day a new beginning ; [kuvittanut David Spohn]
Law of attraction
The ultimate happiness prescription : 7 keys to joy and enlightment
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
The 50th law
Reading Work explores changing understandings of literacy and its place in contemporary workplace settings. It points to new questions and dilemmas to consider in planning and teaching workplace education. By taking a social perspective on literacies in the workplace, this book challenges traditional thinking about workplace literacy as functional skills, and enables readers to see the complexity of literacy practices and their embeddedness in culture, knowledge and action. A mixture of ethnographic studies, analysis, and personal reflections makes these ideas accessible and relevant to a wide range of readers in the fields of adult literacy and language education and helps to bridge the divide between theory and practice in the field of workplace education. Reading Work: Literacies in the New Workplace features: four distinct but related ethnographies of literacy use in contemporary workplaces; a social practice view of literacy brought to the workplace; collaborative research undertaken by experienced workplace educators and academics working in the areas of adult literacy and second language learning; implications chapters for both practice and theory--presented not as a series of steps but rather as reflections by seasoned educators on shared dilemmas; and engaging, accessible writing that encourages workplace practitioners to read, learn from, and do their own research.
Fuck It : the Ultimate Spiritual Way
The little book of common sense, or, ...Pause for thought with Wogan
Simple matters : Living with less and ending up with more
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Don't get mad, get successful
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Approaches to a business negotiation case study : teamwork, humour and teaching
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Highly intuitive people : 7 right-brain traits to change the lives of intuitive-sensitive people
At last, the Roman self-help book the world has been waiting for. Marcus Sidonius Falx sets out the characteristics that have made the Romans the most successful people in history and shows how following their example will do the same for you.
New approaches for lifelong learning needed?
The happiness hypothesis : finding modern truth in ancient wisdom
Breakfast with Socrates : the philosophy of everyday life
CHILD & DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY. Oprah called Dr. Shefali Tsabary's first book "the most profound book on parenting I've ever encountered," and immediately helped make it a "New York Times" bestseller in 2014. Now, Dr. Shefali offers readers a radically transformative plan that shows parents how to raise children to be their best, truest selves. All parents have aspirations for their children. But often these turn into crushing expectations that cause real harm and disillusionment at the most important time in a child's development. Parenting should not be a competition with winners and losers. Parents need to recognize their children for who they actually are, and in her groundbreaking new book, Dr. Shefali Tsabary challenges the modern myths of parenting that define how a child is "supposed to be."
The 7 habits of highly effective families : building a beautiful family culture in a turbulent world
Where there is light : insight and inspiration for meeting life's challenges : selections from the teachings
Oh, the places you'll go!
Where should I begin ? How could I develop? : a handbook for teachers in general education to implement work life and entrepreneurship in their daily practices
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Change your thoughts change your life : living the wisdom of the Tao
The gifts of imperfection : let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
One b1g thing : discovering what you were born to do
Golf for enlightenment : the seven lessons for the game of life
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
The marriage devotional : 365 simple ways to celebrate your love
Daring greatly : how the courage to be vulnerable transforms the way we live, love, parent, and lead
The 7 habits of highly effective people
Simple abundance : a daybook of comfort and joy
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue   Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back.  Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his&shy;tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con&shy;quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well.  In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.""--
The chemistry of connection : five keys to a richer, happier, fulfilling and meaningful life
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
The universe has your back : transform fear to faith
The subtle art of not giving a f*ck : A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life
The path : a new way to think about everything
Choosing inner peace : conversations with the truth
Why men love bitches
Your sacred self : making the decision to be free
The awakened family : a revolution in parenting
Get your sh*t together : how to stop worrying about what you should do so you can finish what you need to do and start doing what you want to do
Living through the meantime : learning to break the patterns of the past and begin the healing process
Shrill : notes from a loud woman
"A guide not just for overcoming the obstacles that hold us back-but for using them for great benefit   The great Athenian orator Demosthenes was born with a crippling speech impediment and was robbed of his inheritance by cruel guardians. Samuel Zemurray was a poor roadside fruit peddler pitted against the behemoth United Fruit Company. Ulysses S. Grant found himself stuck across the Mississippi river, desperately trying to break into the impenetrable fortress of Vicksburg.  These icons and many others throughout history-from John D. Rockefeller to Amelia Earhart to Richard Wright to Steve Jobs-were often placed in nearly impossible situations that turned out to be the platforms for astounding triumphs. They were not exceptionally brilliant, lucky, or gifted. Their success in overcoming extreme obstacles was the result of a timeless set of philosophical principles that great men and women have always followed.  Now Ryan Holiday unpacks those lessons and reframes them for today's world, building on the wisdom of the ancient Stoics and a rich trove of examples. He shows us how to turn obstacles into advantages, through controlling our perceptions, swift and energetic action, and true force of will"--
You are a badass : how to stop doubting your greatness and start living an awesome life
Authentic happiness : using the new positive psychology to realise your potential for lasting fulfillment
If you're so smart why aren't you happy : how to turn career success into life success
Thank & grow rich : a 30-day experiment in shameless gratitude and unabashed joy
The art and practice of loving : 144 ways to enrich your experience of love
What can we do to live life wisely? You might think that the answer would be to think and reflect more. But this is not Valerie Tiberius's answer. On her view, when we really take account of what we are like - when we recognize our psychological limits - we will see that too much thinking and reflecting is bad for us. Instead, we need to think and reflect better. This means that we need to develop wisdom: we need to care about things that will sustain us and give us good experiences, we need to have perspective on our successes and failures, and we need to be moderately self-aware and cautiously optimistic about human nature. Further, we need to know when to think about our values, character, and choices, and when not to. A crucial part of wisdom, Tiberius maintains, is knowing when to stop reflecting and get lost in the experience. The Reflective Life also considers the issue of how to philosophize about how to live. A recent trend in moral philosophy has been toward what is sometimes called 'empirically informed ethics'. This methodology has not yet caught on in normative ethics, primarily because we cannot conclude anything about what ought to be the case from the facts about what is. Tiberius agrees that this leap should be avoided, but argues that empirical psychology can inform our philosophical theories in interesting ways.
The forgiving self : the road from resentment to connection
