http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3163 water protection
water protection
Development Plan of Nature Centre Concept in Yyteri, Pori. Benefiting the Baltic Sea Challenge by a Registered Trademark.
Man and the Baltic Sea. Part I & Part II
OPRC-HNS protocol : protocl on preparedness, response and co-operation to pollution incidents by hazardous and noxious substances, 2000 : including the final act of the OPRC-HNS Conference, 2000 and resolutions of the conference
Seas and oceans
Phosphorus removal in a wetland constructed on former arable land
Lakes and reservoirs. Vol. 4, ...How to involve the public in protecting them from degradation
The state of the world's water : an atlas of our most vital resource
Lake and reservoir management
Control of river pollution by industry
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
Biological treatment of car wash waste waters : a reduction survey
Rivers
Ecosystem approach to the Baltic problem
Monitoring ecological impacts : concepts and practice in flowing waters
Report on water related projects in Barents' Russian area
Preservation of ecosystems of international watercourses and the integration of relevant rules : an interpretative mechanism to address the fragmentation of international law
Activities of the Commission 1984 : report on the activities of the Baltic Marine Environment Protection Commission during 1984 including the Sixth meeting of the Commission held in Helsinki 12-15 March 1985
La pollution transfrontiere et le droit international = Transfrontier pollution and international law
Towards an ecologically coherent network of well-managed Marine Protected Areas : implementation report on the status and ecological coherence of the HELCOM BSPA network : executive summary
Preparing national regulations for water resources management : principles and practice
Nutrient loading of Lake Kankaistenjärvi
Modelling phytoplankton in boreal lakes
What happens if we overfish the oceans?
Water
River restoration
Potential and limitations of phosphate retention media in water protection : a process-based review of laboratory and field-scale tests
Forestry and the protection of watercourses
Abstract: Economic Aspects of Baltic Sea Protection.
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
The river Kyrönjoki : a living river
This study analyzes the economic feasibility of gypsum amendment as a means to reduce particulate and dissolved phosphorus loads from arable areas. To this end, an optimization model is developed that includes gypsum amendment as well as matching phosphorus fertilization to crop need and the level of soil phosphorus reserves as phosphorus load mitigation measures, with soil phosphorus reserves measured by soil test phosphorus (STP). The optimal extent of gypsum amendment is then determined simultaneously with optimal fertilization use as a function of field STP level. The results indicate that whether or not gypsum amendment is economically feasible depends on field erosion susceptibility and STP level. When accounting for the costs and benefits to the society on the whole, gypsum treatment suits best to mitigation of phosphorus losses from soils with excessively high phosphorus reserves; once a threshold STP level is reached, gypsum amendment is optimally given up. This threshold level depends on field slope and on society's willingness to pay for water quality.
Conserving ecosystems of inland water bodies in Central Asia and the South Caucasus = Problemy sohraneniâ èkosistem vnutrennih vod Central'noj Azii i Ûžnogo Kavkaza
This compendium is produced for the master level course in the UZWATER project. It consists of some newly written material as well as previously published texts extracted from freely available books, reports and textbooks on the Internet, dominated by publications from the Baltic University Programme. The sources used for each chapter is listed at the end of each chapter. The UZWATER project is an EU TEMPUS project. It includes 8 universities in Uzbekistan and deals with university education for sustainable water managment in Uzbekistan. Uppsala University and BUP is one of the EU partners in the project. Lead partner is Kaunas University of Technology.  he main objective of the project is to introduce a Master level study program  in environmental science and sustainable development with focus on water management in eight Uzbekistan universities. The curriculum of Master Programme includes  Environmental Science, Sustainable Development and Water Management. The Sustainable Development unit will include the basic methods used in Sustainability Science, in particular introduce systems thinking and systems analysis, resource flows and resource management and a series of practical tools for good resource management, such as recycling, energy efficiency, etc.
EU focus on clean water
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 3, Regulatory approaches in OECD countries
Evaluation of urban pollution of surficial and groundwater aquifers in Africa
Comprehensive manual on port reception facilities
Report of the United Nations Water Conference, Mar del Plata, 14-25 March 1977.
Surface water acidification in the ECE region : regional acidification: current geographical extent of acidification in lakes, streams and reservoirs in the countries of the ECE region : report from a Finnish working group: Merilehto Kirsi, Kenttämies Kaarle, Kämäri Juha
Moving water and the law : on the distribution of water rights and water duties within river basins in European and Dutch water law = Bewegend water : over de verdeling van waterrechten en waterplichten binnen stroomgebieden in het Europese en Nederlands recht
Water science and technology
Ephemeral rivers and their catchments : sustaining people and development in western Namibia
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
Gypsum amendment as a means to reduce agricultural phosphorus loading : an economic appraisal
Pohjanlahtea suojellaan = Bottniska viken skyddas = Protecting the Gulf of Bothnia
Eutrophication of waters : monitoring, assessment and control
Urban watersheds : geology, contanimation, and sustainable development
Nordic Water 2012 : XXVII Nordic Hydrological Conference : abstracts : catchment restoration and water protection
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
More studies on the water exchange and the nutrients of the gulf of Riga
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 6, Management of inland saline waters
Water protection programme to 1995 : decision-in-principle by the Finnish Council of State
Water reports
Economic evaluation of environmental impacts of forestry on water-based values in Finland
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
Water quality modelling for rivers and streams
Economic incentives for stormwater control
The last drop : the politics of water
James Bay : the plot to drown the North Woods
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
Water quality and property prices : an econometric analysis of environmental benefits
A child's introduction to the environment : the air, earth, and sea around us - plus experiments, projects, and activities you can do to help our planet!
Water is our planet's most precious resource. It is required by every living thing, yet a huge proportion of the world's population struggles to access clean water daily. Agriculture, aquaculture, industry, and energy all depend on it - yet its provision and safety engender widespread conflict.
International organization and integration : annotated basic documents and descriptive directory of international organizations and arrangements.. Vol. 2.K
Inland waters of tropical Asia and Australia : conservation and management
A roadmap for the future for fisheries and conservation : [proceedings of the Fisheries Session, IUCN Marine and Coastal Workshop, 17-18 Oct 1996, Montreal, Canada]
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
The application of phosphorus (P)-sorbing materials offers a possible solution for treating municipal wastewater  and agricultural runoff. In this paper we discuss P retention and release mechanisms, and review studies on the P  retention of different materials and their use as reactive media in filter beds. The main mechanisms for P retention  are sorption on metal (mostly Fe or Al) hydroxide surfaces and, in alkaline conditions, the formation of Ca-P  precipitates. The retention of P is strongly affected by the chemical composition of a material, its particle size and  pH-related effects on sorption and precipitation both during testing and in practical operation. Laboratory tests  are sensitive to solution chemistry (pH, alkalinity, ionic strength and composition, P concentration) and affected by  material-to-solution ratio, contact time and agitation. Moreover, due to deviations from realistic field conditions,  laboratory tests may produce imprecise estimates of the retention capacity and retention kinetics. In particular,  materials that contain soluble substances (e.g., CaO) that elevate the pH of the ambient solution to high levels may  in batch tests suggest a high capacity for P retention, but will most probably show much lower retention in field  settings. On the other hand, materials containing metal oxides also retain P via slow reactions, and their retention  capacity may be underestimated in short equilibrations. Appropriate laboratory test procedures will depend  on their intended applications and material properties. Long-term field-scale tests are few in number, but some of  them have shown promising results. Field-scale tests have, however, highlighted the design of the filters as a critical  factor in their efficiency.
We applied gypsum (CaSO4×2 H2O) amendments to 100 m² plots within two clay-textured fields, one under shallow cultivation to 10 cm depth and the other ploughed to 20 cm depth. Unamended plots and plots subjected to a CaCO3 (finely ground limestone) application served as controls. Separate soil monoliths (30 cm in diameter, 40 cm in depth) were collected for laboratory rainfall simulations from all plots 7, 19 and 31 months after the initial application of the amendments. Water passed through the monoliths during these simulations was analysed for turbidity, dissolved and particulate phosphorus (DRP and PP), nitrogen species, dissolved organic carbon (DOC), as well as dissolved Ca²⁺, Mg²⁺, K⁺ and S, pH, and electrical conductivity (EC). Over the three-year monitoring period, gypsum amended soils exhibited substantial decreases in turbidity (45%), PP (70%), DRP (50%) and DOC (35%) relative to control samples. The effects gradually decreased with time, and after 31 months gypsum effects on P species were detectible, but no longer statistically significant. We consider gypsum amendments as a potential tool for slowing P loss from agricultural areas with high P loss potential.
Environmental drivers of lake profundal macroinvertebrate community variation : implications for bioassessment
Treatment of mixed domestic sewage and industrial waste waters in Germany
Improving the dewatering of marine sediment using a combination of geotextile and electrokinetic treatment
Handbook of environmental engineering calculations
Retention performance and hydraulic design of constructed wetlands treating runoff waters from arable land
Monitoring and assessment of ecological status of aquatic environments : implementing the water framework directive : Helsinki 28.9-1.10.2000 : abstracts and participants
Environmental law : the law and policy relating to the protection of the environment
In search of sustainable water management : international lessons for the American West and beyond
Cleaning up the Great Lakes : from cooperation to confrontation
The pollution of water by detergents
Achievements and challenges of sustainable development in Helsinki
Agricultural drainage water management in arid and semi-arid areas
Water resources and development
European water management : official publication of the European Water Association (EWA)
Science, politics & international ocean management : the uses of scientific knowledge in international negotiations
Aquatic Invasions : International Journal of Research on Biological Invasions in Aquatic Ecosystems
Management of the runoff waters from arable land : final report of the EU/LIFE project (LIFE 97 ENV/FIN/335)
Water : life in every drop
The international politics of marine pollution control
Waterpraxis : main activities and findings of the project
Agriculture and the polluter pays principle in Finnish law
Aquatic ecosystems : trends and global prospects
Our objective was to incorporate the effects of gypsum on phosphorus (P) losses into the field-scale ICECREAM model and to simulate the treatment of 93 ha of clayey soil with gypsum in a catchment located in southern Finland. In addition to the gypsum effects, a macropore flow description was added to ICECREAM. First, a sensitivity analysis was performed for the new macropore parameters, retrieved from a literature survey. After this, the model was calibrated for a reference period by setting of the macropore parameters to correspond to the P losses observed in the catchment experiment. Next, the effect of gypsum was added to the model in line with laboratory and field experiments that suggested decreased P losses and changed hydraulic properties of the soil. Finally, the modified model was verified for four seasons after the gypsum amendment in the catchment experiment. The model was able to simulate the P losses in three out of the four seasons. According to the simulations, gypsum reduced total P losses by 44%. Although the effect of gypsum on P and erosion is a complex process, our relatively simple modifications to the ICECREAM model described the impact with reasonable accuracy. However, to increase confidence in the performance of the model, it should be tested under other environmental conditions.
Oceanic pollution : a survey and some suggestions for control
Agriculture and environment : bringing food production and environmental protection in developing countries : proceedings of an international symposium sponsored by Division A-6 of the American Society of Agronomy in Cincinnati, OH, 7-12 November 1993
Water pollution in an international drainage basin
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
Advances in soil and water conservation
Agricultural phosphorus and water quality : sources, transport and management
Protection of the Baltic sea : results and experiences
Proceedings of the International conference on new technology for wastewater treatment and sewerage in rural and suburb areas. Hanasaari. 3.-6.10. 1983
Protection of water resources and aquatic ecosystems
Cases and materials on water law : resource use and environmental protection
Cleaning up Europe's waters : economics, management, and policies
Management and conservation of the Afrikan Great Lakes : Lakes Victoria, Tanganyika and Malawi : comparative and comprehensive study of Great Lakes
Re-use of waste water in Germany
Water drops : celebrating the wonder of water
The law and governance of water resources : the challenge of sustainability
Water protection targets for the year 2005
Global hydrology : processes, resources and environmental management
Water quality : processes and policy
Gypsum amendment of soils reduces phosphorus losses in an agricultural catchment
Pollution, politics, and international law : tankers at sea
Water Balance of the Baltic Sea : a regional cooperation project of the Baltic Sea states : international summary report
Introduction to this special issue "The history of urban water management in the Baltic Sea region"
Implementing water protection policy : the Finnish experience on organizational interaction at local level
The limits of law : the public regulation of private pollution
Riparian zones are taking firm root on riverside farms : sustainable agriculture in the river Vantaa area
Bericht 12. Lysimetertagung am 17. und 18. April 2007 an der HBLA Raumberg-Gumpenstein : Lysimetertagung Lysimetrie im Konnex zu nationalen und internationalen Regelwerken = Lysimeter in the scope of national and international regulations
Implications of groundwater rehabilitation on water resources protection and conservation : artificial recharge and water quality improvement in the ESCWA region
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Vegetated purification system
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
SMM green shipping guide 2010 : sustainable solutions to improve and protect the environment
Hearing about water : a synthesis of public hearings of the inquiry on federal water policy = Eaudiences : une synthèse des audiences publiques du Comité d'enquête sur la politique fédérale relative aux eaux
"This publication provides planners, decision-makers and engineers with guidelines to sustain irrigated agriculture and at the same time to protect water resources from the negative impacts of agricultural drainage water disposal. On the basis of case studies from Central Asia, Egypt, India, Pakistan and the United States of America, it distinguishes four broad groups of drainage water management options: water conservation, drainage water reuse, drainage water disposal and drainage water treatment"--P. [4] of cover.
Verneplan for vassdrag / The Norwegian protection plan for river systems
The effects of gypsum on the transfer of phosphorus and other nutrients through clay soil monolithss
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
Water cooled reactor safety : an assessment
The environmental law of the sea
We estimated the changes in the losses of particulate and dissolved phosphorus (P) after treating 93 ha of agricultural  fields with gypsum (4 t ha -1) in a 245 ha catchment in southern Finland. Runoff was monitored using online  sensors and manual sampling during one high-flow period before and six periods after the gypsum amendment.  Turbidity recorded by the sensors correlated with particulate P analysed in the laboratory, which enabled  the evaluation of changes in particulate P from the online data. Using a covariance model, gypsum amendment  was estimated to have reduced the loss of particulate P by 64%. The loss of dissolved reactive P appeared to decrease  by one third, but was estimated with less precision. No such changes were found during the same period  in a nearby "reference" catchment, where gypsum was not used. Gypsum did not affect soil test values for P, K, Mg  or Ca, but it did increase the ionic strength and soil test SO₄. In clayey catchments discharging into the sea, gypsum  may provide an efficient means to reduce P losses from field cultivation. The duration of the gypsum effect and  impact of SO₄ associated with gypsum amendment on the ecology of rivers and lakes has yet to be determined.
Phytosociological and ecological investigations in an alpine area at Lake Kamtjern, Trollheimen Mts, Central Norway : vegetation, snow and soil conditions
Spatial variation of benthic macroinvertebrate biodiversity in boreal streams : biogeographic context and conservation implications
Marine pollution and sea life = La pollution des mers et les ressources biologiques = la contaminación del mar y los recursos vivos
Value : counting ecosystems as water infrastructure
Bioremediation and sustainability : research and applications
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
Water resources management and the environment
Baltic Sea environment proceedings
The role of forest shelterbelts in the preservation of aquatic ecosystems
Symposium on Ecological Investigations of the Baltic Sea Environment [under the auspices of the Baltic Marine Environment Protection Commission-Helsinki Commission) Riga, USSR, 16-19 March 1983.
The law of international groundwater resources
Modeling, assessments and cost-effectiveness analysis of constructed wetlands and active methods for the treatment of runoff from agricultural areas : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg
Water safety and water infrastructure security
Lake restoration
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
Buffer Zone Plans for Lake Nakuru National Park and for Njoro River in Kenya
Water quality monitoring in the former Soviet Union and the Russian Federation : assessment of analytical methods
Does scale matter? : cost-effectiveness of agricultural nutrient abatement when target level varies
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 1, Principles of lake management
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 8, The world's lakes in crisis
Assessing the conservation value of fresh waters : an international perspective
Forests & water guidelines
Aquifer contamination and protection : project 8.3 of the International Hydrological programme
OECD environmental performance reviews : Mexico
Simulated effects of gypsum amendment on phosphorus losses from agricultural soils
Active Wetlands : the use of chemical amendments to intercept phosphate runoffs in agricultural catchments : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
Summary: Impacts on water quality of alternative pollution control measures in the Lohja region.
Safeguarding the health of oceans
Implementation of Council Directive 91/676/EEC concerning the protection of waters against pollution caused by nitrates from agricultural sources : synthesis from year 2000 member states reports
Anthropogenic changes in Finnish lakes during the past 150 years inferred from benthic invertebrates and their sedimentary remains
International law and sustainable development : lessons from the law of international watercourses
Diffuse load abatement with biodiversity co-benefits : the optimal rotation age and buffer zone size
Keeping water clean
H2O and the waters of forgetfulness
Water supply
Marine issues : from a scientific, political and legal perspective
River conservation and management
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Water supplies
Research overview 1990-1991
Constructed vertical flow wetland technology for the recycling of nutrients
Nitrates in groundwater : Selected papers from the European meeting of the International Association of Hydrogeologists, Wisla, Poland, 4-7 June 2002
Implementation of agri-environmental policy in the Nordic countries : comparing the local use of policy instruments : the issue of diffuse water pollution
Causes of response uncertainty and its implications for WTP estimation in choice experiment
Sustainable use and management of natural resources
Lake management and restoration in Lakepromo-countries : joint summary manual
The law relating to pollution : an introduction
Compilation of presentations and statements
European water management : official publication of the European Water Pollution Control Association (EWPCA)
Impact assessment of the soil and water conservation project: Participatory Impact Assessment
The vulnerability of Africa's surficial and groundwater aquifers to urban pollution : analysing ground water pollution in Benin, Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, Mali, Niger and Senegal = Vulnérabilité des aquifères superficiels et pollution urbaine en Afrique : evaluation de la pollution urbaine des eaux souterraines au Bénin, au Burkina Faso, en Côte d'Ivoire, au Mali, au Niger et au Sénégal
The history of soil and water conservation
Law of International Watercourse
Baltic Sea monitoring symposium : Tallinn, USSR 10-15 March 1986.
Environmental performance reviews : United Kingdom
