http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p316 playing (children's games)
playing (children's games)
Play, dreams and imitation in childhood
From birth to five years : children's developmental progress
Inspiring play spaces
Mobile learning and the playing child
Play : psychoanalytic perspectives, survival and human development
The SAGE handbook of play and learning in early childhood
Roo : the roaring dinosaur
No bath Bob
Correlation between ritual and children's game in Komi traditional culture
Pretend play as improvisation : conversation in the preschool classroom
Peppa's first sleepover
Empowerment through playing : playing with roles, photos, texts, memories, cards and co-players
Child's play : vigorous activities with a limited budget
Spaces for young children : a practical guide to planning, designing, and building the perfect space
Wibbly Pig likes playing
Playing, laughing and learning with children on the autism spectrum : a practical resource of play ideas for parents and carers
Developing play for the under 3s : the treasure basket and heuristic play
Little Bear lost
100 ideas for teaching knowledge and understanding of the world
Games teaching : an approach for the primary school
Let's play together : co-operative games for all ages
The yoga game
Readings from Childhood education : play
How do penguins play?
Play about play
Grooving 'n' moving English : a material package for language showering in sports focused kindergarten
The creative family : how to encourage imagination & nurture family connections
From play to practice : connecting teachers' play to children's learning
The event of organisational entrepreneurship : disrupting the reigning order and creating new spaces for play and innovation
Fingers Feet and Fun
Hugo the hare's rainy day
Public playground equipment sales plan : NSH Nordic A/S and Hy-land Products
When music goes to school : perspectives on learning and teaching
Play and playscapes
"Of course that place is nowhere near this place" : comparing translations of wordplay in the subtitles of Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Dorothy Einon's guide to learning early
Toys as culture
Advances in early education and day care. Vol. 10, Foundations, adult dynamics, teacher education and play
Physical activity of children aged 3 to 4: parents' viewpoint
Innocent, yet ambitious : childhood in 19th century America as depicted in Louisa May Alcott's Little Women series
Hairy Maclary's hat tricks
Infancy is a unique period, in that at no other state is there greater growth and development. During this time, growth is occurring at a physical level, but equally impressive are the socio-emotional and cognitive developments during this time. Genetics, the womb environment, and the physical environment after birth all combine to impact the rate and manner of growth. Who we ultimately become as individuals begins here. Intended for university and public libraries, the Encyclopedia of Infant and Early Childhood Development is the major reference work that provides a comprehensive entry point into all of the existing literature on child development from the fields of psychology, genetics, neuroscience, and sociology. The scope of this work is to understand the developmental changes, when they occur, why they occur, how they occur, and those factors that influence that development. Although some medical information is included, the emphasis is on normal growth and is primarily from a psychological perspective.
Risk, challenge and adventure in the early years : A practical guide to exploring and extending learning outdoors
Gender oriented play in six-year-old children
Literacy through play
Play & culture studies. Vol. 2, Play contexts revisited
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Great big book of children's games : over 450 indoor and outdoor games for kids
Translating wordplay : a case study on the translation of wordplay in Terry Prachett's Soul Music
Nature and young children : encouraging creative play in natural environments
Strategies of social screen play(ers) across the ecosystem of play: toys, games and hybrid social play in technologically mediated playscapes
Introducing dialogic pedagogy : provocations for the early years
Early communicative gestures and play as predictors of language development in children born with and without family risk for dyslexia
The handbook of the study of play
Play and meaning in early childhood education
Lion & tiger & bear : tag! you're it!
Leisure experience and human development : a dialectical interpretation
Empowering your pupils through role-play : exploring emotions and building resilience
"Experts in child psychology and pedagogy concur that how children are schooled today seriously conflicts with how they learn and develop. Children are being left behind and the promises and possibilities of childhood are slipping away. This book aims to disclose a deeper understanding of music's importance in children's lives and their need to know, explore, wonder, and play. Directed toward music teachers, teacher educators, and scholars, this text invites inquiries and provides insights into contemporary challenges to learning and teaching in an era of standardization. A compendium of essays, classroom voices and vignettes is supported by relevant research in music education and companion disciplines in psychology, philosophy, and sociology. Storytelling with scholarship contributes authenticity and strengthens the premise of this book." -- Publisher's description
Short behavioral consultation in day care: the effects on day care personnel's self evaluated competence, behavior of children with ADHD-symptoms and intervention acceptability
LAPSET-seminaarin artikkelijulkaisu 2004 = Proceedings of the LAPSET seminar 2004
Toys and play for the handicapped child
Encyclopedia of infant and early childhood development
The golden age of toys
The development of play
Basic classroom skills through games
Playful teaching and learning
How to change the games children play
Role-play in the early years : developing speaking, listening and creativity
Young children playing : relational approaches to emotional learning in early childhood settings
Activity analysis, creativity and playfulness in pediatric occupational therapy : making play just right
Inclusive play : practical strategies for children from birth to eight
A mandate for playful learning in preschool : presenting the evidence
The aim of this thesis is to present a theoretically consistent conceptualization of knowledge creation as an interactive event and to test this in a working community in a methodologically coherent manner.This thesis examines the key problems in the body of research of knowledge creation in the field of Knowledge Management, which is attached to the idea of knowledge as an asset inside a human mind, but simultaneously promotes a view of interaction, based on hermeneutic understanding. The study proposes an alternative way to conceptualize and examine knowledge creation, based on hermeneutic phenomenology of Hans-Georg Gadamer and Martin Heidegger. The foci are on the conceptions of a human being and interaction as play. On the basis of the research literature, a framework for examining knowledge creation was developed. The framework was empirically tested in a multi-organizational and multi-professional working community of librarians and teachers, participating in The Joy of Reading Program in Finland. Along with the research literature, the triangulated data consist of ethnographic observations and video recordings of the community's gatherings, its members' interviews and produced documents. The data were analyzed through a qualitative approach.The results show that the phenomenological conceptions of temporality of a human being and play are suitable for understanding being in the knowledge-creating interaction, as they give means to understand the meaningfulness of past experiences, but promote an open attitude towards future possibilities in a way which promotes knowledge creation. Studying interactive events allows for an understanding of how the phenomenon of knowledge creation can be examined as a collective accomplishment. The importance of flexible circumstances is emphasized to promote interaction. The playful mode of being in the event, meaning seriousness and the tendency to be present in the event, was seen as a way to use the time available effectively. The results may be utilized to develop organizational circumstances, which promote knowledge creation by acknowledging the meaningfulness of interaction.In the future, theoretical sampling will be used for testing and developing the framework further in a Finnish Academy's Strategic Research Council's consortium BCDC Energy aiming at developing a cloud computing based market place on renewable energy markets.
Games handbook ; outdoor games!
Let's all play : a group-learning (un)curriculum
The house of make-believe : children's play and the developing imagination
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Play and development : a symposium
Social interaction among children with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD)
Factors contributing to overweight among children at the age of 3 to 6 years old
Play therapy with children and adolescents in crisis
Playing? : see how the animals play
The secret of play : how to raise bright, healthy, caring children from birth to age 12
George's racing car
The subject of this book is young childrens emotional-social learning and development within early childhood care and education settings in Aotearoa-New Zealand. The focus on emotional complexity fills a gap in early childhood care and education research where young children are frequently framed narrowly as learners, ignoring the importance of emotional functioning and the feelings with which children make sense of themselves and the world. This book draws on original data in the form of narrative-like framed events to creatively illustrate the complexities in childrens diverse ways of feeling, thinking, playing, being, and becoming. Events illuminate the feelings and meanings of observed experiences in holistic and contextualised gestalts. Awareness of unconscious processes, the feeling of feelings, and cultural dimensions of development and meaning-making are addressed. The book emphasises the emergent and psychodynamic nature of childrens development and learning with strong links to the role of play and playfulness in the events, drawing on two ethnographically inspired research projects that present theory, experience and practice in real-life events.
Outdoor learning through the seasons : an essential guide for the early years
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Einstein never used flash cards : how our children really learn and why they need to play more and memorize less
Play and child development
Alone and in a group : ethnographic research on autistic children's play
Time to play in early childhood education
Thinking games for preschoolers
Godly Play : an imaginative approach to religious education
"True as a church mouse" : traditional games in North Savo
My first playtime
Play in animals and humans
Play & culture studies. Vol. 1, Diversions and divergences in fields of play
Who's Got the Power? : Young Children's Power and Agency in the Child-Parent Relationship
Agile Supply Demand Networks approach to optimize inventory and reduce lead time : study by ASDN software
Theoretical aspects of play and socialization
No more hitting for little hamster!
Challenges in Sustainable Toy Design
Children, play and development
Play : its role in development and evolution
Environments for outdoor play : a practical guide to making space for children
Fun and games with your dog : expert advice on a variety of activities for you and your pet
Pretend play among 3-year-olds
Exploring play for early childhood studies
Play from birth to twelve : contexts, perspectives, and meanings
Playfulness : its relationship to imagination and creativity
Key times for play : the first three years
Pretend play in childhood : foundation of adult creativity
Power of play : a play curriculum in action
Bats stab! : translators' (in)visibility in language-play translations The Poisonwood Bible and its Finnish, Swedish and French tranlations
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
The art of play : an adult's guide to reclaiming imagination and spontaneity
King Jack and the dragon
Scottish Football Association or Sweet Fanny Adams : a study on language-bound humour and its translation
Planning play and the early years
Play in changing society
101 drama games for children : fun and learning with acting and make-believe
"I Sid you not", "Raanta Claus" and "Getz the last laf" : punning wordplays in the news headlines of the National Hockey League's official website
One hundred gymnastic games
I can do it : play-and-learn activities to help your child discover the world the Montessori say
The theory of play
Suspected motor problems and low preference for active play in childhood are associated with physical inactivity and low fitness in adolescence
Millennial monsters : Japanese toys and the global imagination
Reading through play : the easy way to teach your child
The many meanings of play : a psychoanalytic perspective
The little puddle
Risk and adventure in early years outdoor play : learning from forest schools
Playing to learn : the young child, the teacher and the classroom
In celebration of play : an integrated approach to play and child development
"This book aims to provide professionals and clinicians-in-training with the latest forms of treatment for children and adolescents who have been impacted by crises and trauma. The various treatment options presented here include approaches that focus on the individual as well as many that include a parent in conjoint or filial therapy, and others that employ a family treatment model. Many chapters in this book demonstrate the use of a variety of creative methods with young people who have suffered traumatic experiences such as sexual abuse, bullying, immigration, natural disasters, and witnessing violence"--
Resources for early learning : childeren, adults and stuff
Early childhood : an introductory text
Patterns of primary education
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
How to play Spice Girls
Abstract: The purpose of this final thesis was to implement a case study in order to find out parentsʼ opinions about the amount, quality and significance of play and physical activity of their children aged three and four. This topic rises up from the resent public discussion and studies of the situation of the health of children in Finland.  This final thesis was conducted by using a survey method. Data was collected by sending out the questionnaires to the parents of certain children group in Salmisaari Sport Kindergarten. The sample was selected to be parents of 20 children.  The results showed parentsʼ positive attitudes towards play and physical activity. They understand the value of physical activities and play. Almost all agreed on the different aspects of quality and what it means but in the amount and ideal amounts of play and sports there are big differences.  The results of this thesis indicate that the situation does not seem to be as bad as public discussion gives grounds to understand. Most children are playing and having physical exercise enough according to their parents. Parents think that the play and physical activity is significant part of the development of the child and diverse activities are the most effective. In these cases the physical activity and play were described to be for example social and advanced.
The opposite of worry : the playful parenting approach to childhood anxieties and fears
The first bad man : a novel
KANGAROO - enhancing the well-being of under three-year-olds through play
The ultimate indoor games books : the best boredom busters ever!
Playful learning environments : effects on children's learning
Child-Friendly approach to instrumental education : The Colourstrings Violin School
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
Love and play : are they the same?
A philosophy of play
Honk me to bonk me : subtitling of language-play in the TV sitcom Green Wing
Boys and girls at play : the development of sex roles
Music 3-5
Care, play and learning curricula for early childhood education
A Detroit dinosaur for a million bucks : metonymic nature and ideology of humour in the Finnish subtitles of an American situation comedy
Play and exploration in children and animals
Creative and playful learning on technology-enriched playgrounds : an international investigation
Play, comprising games for the kindergarten, playground, schoolroom and college : how to coach and play girls' basket-ball, etc
Interaction for knowledge creation : a phenomenological study in Knowledge Management
Creative play for 2-5s
Tickle my nose and other action rhymes
Play from birth to twelve and beyond : contexts, perspectives and meanings
Too busy for Benjie
Boosting learning in the primary classroom : occupational therapy strategies that really work with pupils
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
LEGO®-based therapy : how to build social competence through LEGO®-based clubs for children with autism and related conditions
Mollie is three : growing up in school
Adult play : a reversal theory approach
Towards modelling of human relationships : nonlinear dynamical systems in relationships
Angelprincess and suicide on the playground slide : the culture of play and societal change
Music with the under-fours
Teaching-studying-learning (TSL) processes and mobile technologies : multi-, inter- and transdisciplinary (MIT) research approaches : proceedings of the 12th International NBE 2005 Conference : September 14-17, 2005, Rovaniemi, Finland
A Scarf and a Half
A Rickety Trolley, Virginian Wolfsnake and Yeeka: Lexical explications, wordplay and nonsense utterances in A Series of Unfortunate Events and their translation into Finnish PDF
Spontaneous play in early childhood from birth to six years
From bogey mountains to funny houses : children's desires for play environment
Play in early childhood : from birth to six years
Ebb and Flo and the baby seal
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
The trouble with play
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
The zones of proximal development in children’s play
An international investigation into playful learning environments and academic achievement
Pneumonia in pre-school children : Terveysnetti
Key times : a framework for developing high quality provision for children from birth to three
Let's play and learn : an activity book for parents and young children
"Let's All Play provides all-new adventures that support children's social skill development through thoughtful group play, interaction, and conversation. This book also encourages you to reflect on the value of children's play through deep thinking activities"--
50 math and science games for leadership
Working with babies and children : from birth to three
A monster's moved In!
Understanding children's play
Knowledge under construction : the importance of play in developing children's spatial and geometric thinking
Awakening the child heart : handbook for global parenting
Play and creativity : repost of the 10th Conference of the International Association for the Child's Right to Play (IPA)
Child-centered play therapy research : the evidence base for effective practice
The practical conduct of play
Towards higher involvement in toddlers' play
Woolbuddies : 20 Irresistibly simple needle felting projects
Playground accessibility and usability for children with disabilities : experiences of children, parents and professionals
Your child at play : three to five years : conversations, creativity, and learning letters, words, and numbers
School play : a source book
Pre-school playgroups : the handbook
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Master players : learning from children at play
Baby nouveau : stylish blankets for baby
Things to do to play & learn
Creative and playful learning : learning through game co-creation and games in a playful learning environment
Playacting as narrative : what kinds of stories do Finnish 6-year-olds tell in their make-believe play?
Your child at play : two to three years : growing up, language, and the imagination
Early years play : a happy medium for assessment and intervention
Suicide and agency : anthropological perspectives on self-destruction, personhood and power
The Handbook of the Study of Play brings together in two volumes thinkers whose diverse interests at the leading edge of scholarship and practice define the current field. Because play is an activity that humans have shared across time, place, and culture and in their personal developmental timelines-and because this behavior stretches deep into the evolutionary past-no single discipline can lay claim to exclusive rights to study the subject. Thus this handbook features the thinking of evolutionary psychologists; ethologists and biologists; neuroscientists; developmental psychologists; psychotherapists and play therapists; historians; sociologists and anthropologists; cultural psychologists; philosophers; theorists of music, performance, and dance; specialists in learning and language acquisition; and playground designers. Together, but out of their varied understandings, the incisive contributions to The Handbook take on vital questions of educational policy, of literacy, of fitness, of the role of play in brain development, of spontaneity and pleasure, of well-being and happiness, of fairness, and of the fuller realization of the self. These volumes also comprise an intellectual history, retrospective looks at the great thinkers who have made possible the modern study of play.
Play, learning and the early childhood curriculum
Playful power and lucid spaces : studies in games of life
Great indoor games book
The zones of proximal development in children's play
Wordplay in Donald Duck comics and their Finnish translations
A-B-C - shaping alphabets with methods of outdoor and multisensory learning
Cultural issues in play therapy
A good enough parent : the guide to bringing up your child
