http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3164 own risk
own risk personal responsibility excess (insurance)
The balance of corporate social capital
Corporate social responsibility’s effect on the cost of equity capital during the financial crisis
The autonomy myth : a theory of dependency
Individually together : volunteering in late modernit : social work in the Finnish church
Abstract.
Armstrong's handbook of strategic human resource management
Institutional rules, labour demand and disability programme participation
Autonomy and responsibility in reproductive genetics
Varieties of mutual support and voluntary action : a study of Finnish self-help groups and volunteers
Resources Affecting Banks' CSR in Sultanate of Oman: A Stakeholders' Perspective
Social entrepreneurship : theory and practice
Autonomy and Liberalism
Teaching responsibility to enable cooperative learning in PE
Drive by
"Providing insights from leading global experts from the environmental technology and finance sectors, under the guidance of Will Oulton, Director of Responsible Investment at FTSE Group, this important book looks at the prospects for low carbon technologies and services which are fundamental to mitigating climate change. The book also shows how the fast developing global environmental technology sector can provide excellent long term, sustainable and superior investment opportunities." -- Back cover.
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Private specialists as consultants to general practitioners
Autonomy in Beehive : a study of pupils' autonomous behaviour during a web project
Green entrepreneur handbook : the guide to building and growing a green and clean business
EU law : text, cases, and materials
The moral capital of leaders : why virtue matters
Institutional rules, labour demand and retirement through disability programme participation
Social welfare and individual responsibility
Discarding the mirror : the importance of intangible social resources to responsibility in business in a Finnish context
The natural selection of autonomy
Procurement principles and management
Alternative literature : a practical guide for librarians
The state and new social responsibilities in a globalising world = Etat  et nouvelles responsabilités sociales dans un monde global ; [Council of Europe]
The accumulation of financial and social capital as a means to achieve a sustained competitive advantage for consumer co-operatives
Yhteenveto = Finnish summary (s. 181-184.)
Doing business in the USA : opas oikeudellisten riskien hallintaan Yhdysvalloissa
Summary.
Fair shares : the future of shareholder power and responsibility
Prospects of social protection in Europe : solidarity or self-responsibility
Critical studies in philosophical medical ethics : summary
Crime and punishment
On the road to self-responsibility : the aftercare of short-term prisoners in the changing Finnish welfare state
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
Manipulation : theory and practice
"There are certain kinds of people who garner enormous satisfaction from successfully taking on a "mission impossible" and, by so doing, actually manage to change the world, sometimes in surprising ways. Such individuals are rare, and when we become aware of them and their astonishing achievements, we observe that they cannot easily be pigeonholed or defined by their own circumstances, that is to say, they are the products of rural as well as urban areas; of developing as well as developed countries; of large cities as well as remote areas; they may be Gurkhas from the Himalayan Mountains or Maasais from East Africa. They may be well-known figures, such as Mohammad Yunus recipient of the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize, or anonymous, unrecognized teachers from small villages. The question then becomes: If they are such a diverse group, what characteristics do they have in common, which allow us to identify them under one unifying rubric? And which of these shared attributes distinguish them from other social activists? These are the underlying questions that inform the book".
Making culture accessible : access, participation and cultural provision in the context of cultural rights in Europe
Results-based leadership
Investment opportunities for a low carbon world
Abstract (s. 3).
Stakeholder politics : social capital, sustainable development, and the corporation
Essays on labour demand and wage formation
