http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3171 territorial waters
territorial waters
Island disputes and maritime regime building in East Asia : between a rock and a hard place
Caohai Dianchi Lake Water Pollution Control Plan
Past and present can help build better future for the states sharing water resources : Israeli-Arab water conflict area
Management approach to Middle Eastern water resources and services
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
The law of the sea of the Arctic : with special reference to Canada
The history of Imperial Japan's seizure of Dokdo
This thesis includes the water quality assessment and sanitary inspection of 27 water sources in four districts namely Kavre, Rasuwa, Ramechhap and Chitwan in the Central region of Nepal. All the relevant information was collected and review by Environment and Public Health Organization (ENPHO), Nepal with the help of its support organization. Altogether four different groups were formed, which would visit fields and carry out water quality testing. Altogether 18 physico-chemical parameters were tested and those parameters are pH, temperature, electrical conductivity, turbidity, appearance, color, dissolved solids, suspended solids, alkalinity, bicarbonate, chloride, total hardness, calcium hardness, magnesium hardness, nitrate, ammonia, iron and manganese. Similarly, bacteriological parameter included the detection of the indicator bacteria, faecal coliform. Besides, Langlier saturation index was calculated for determining scale formation and corrosion potential.  Sanitary inspection was conducted for each water source in order to find out about the possible sources of contamination, if any.  Physico-chemical parameters were analyzed by HANA and ENPHO field kits. Faecal coliform analysis was carried out by membrane filtration method by using Del Agua field kit. Langlier saturation index was determined by calculation method and was based on the parameters like pH, temperature, calcium hardness and alkalinity. For sanitary inspection a standard form was developed and filled, which also included a check list to identify possible pollution sources. Risk levels have been assigned to each water source and there are four risk classes namely no risk, low risk, intermediate risk and high risk. Each source falls in one of the four categories based on the results obtained from physico-chemical analysis; bacteriological analysis, saturation analysis and Sanitary inspection. The results will be discussed in the details which show that there are no risks at all.
Readings in aquatic ecology
The legal determination of international maritime boundaries : the progressive development of continental shelf, EFZ and EEZ law
Dispute settlement in the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea
Plant-water relationships in arid and semi-arid conditions : reviews of research
Microbial communities in sea ice
Report of the third Technical Consultation on the Development and Management of the Fisheries of Lake Kariba : Siavongaa, Zambia, 26-27 October, 2006.
Abstract.
The law of maritime boundary delimitation : a case study of the Russian Federation
Politics of the Northwest Passage
Diversity patterns in marine and freshwater environments : the role of environmental and spatial factors across multiple scales
Maritime boundary
Efficient soil water use : the key to sustainable crop production in the dry areas of West Asia, and North and Sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of the workshops organized by the Optimizing Soil Water Use Consortium, Niamey, Niger, April 26-30, 1998, Amman, Jordan, May 9-13, 1999
Passage through the Great Belt : (Finland v. Denmark). Maps and annexes to the memorial of the Government of the Republic of Finland
Peace and disputed sovereignty : reflections on conflict over territory
Towards effective water policy in the Asian and Pacific region : proceedings of the Regional Consultation Workshop, Towards a Policy for Water Resources Development and Management in the Asian and Pacific Region ... , Manila 10-14 May, 1996. Vol. 1, Overview of issues and recommendations
Spatiotemporal Aspects of Environmental Monitoring in the Complex Coastal Region of Southwest Finland
The law of the sea : national legislation on the territorial sea, the right of innocent passage and the contiguous zone
Geographical issues on maritime names : special reference to the East Sea
Exclusive economic zone claims : an analysis and primary documents
Finnish navy sails towards new challenges
The maritime political boudaries of the world
Nordic Water 2012 : XXVII Nordic Hydrological Conference : abstracts : catchment restoration and water protection
Canada's Arctic waters in international law
Introduction to ground-water hydrology
The history of imperial Japan's seizure of Dokdo
Handbook on the delimitation of maritime boundaries
Property rights and natural resources
Suomen luokitellut pohjavesialueet = Klassificerad grundvattenområden i Finland = Classified groundwater areas in Finland
The Baltic : sea of changes
Jurisdiction of the coastal state over foreign merchant ships in internal waters and the territorial sea
Sustainable villages in northern conditions : review on sanitation alternatives in rural areas
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 1a, Russian Arctic
Conclusion (s. 258-259).
Maritime boundary disputes, settlement processes, and the law of the sea
Retention performance and hydraulic design of constructed wetlands treating runoff waters from arable land
Wider territorial waters mean more work for the Navy
Adaptation to climate change in the administrative sector of the Ministry of the Environment : action plan update for 2011-2012
The genus Cricotopus v.d.Wulp (Dipt., Chironomidae) in the running waters of the Sompio area, northern Finland
Commentary: dialogue across borders in the circumpolar north : highlights from the 2012 Calotte Academy on Water in/and the Arctic
Continental shelf limits : the scientific and legal interface
Arctic law and governance : the role of China, Finland, and the EU
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Where in the world is the Philippines? : debating its national territory
Analysis of lake and river flow regime alteration to assess impacts of hydraulic structures
The marginal seabed : United Kingdom legal practice
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 2, Technical manual and workbook
The Exclusive Economic Zone : an exciting new frontier
Life at the underside of Arctic sea-ice: biological interactions between the ice cover and the pelagic realm
Water quality in the central region of Nepal
The exclusive economic zone : regime and legal nature under international law
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 1, Concepts and application case studies
Passage rights in international law : a case study of the territorial waters of the Åland Islands
Passage through the Great Belt : (Finland v. Denmark). Memorial of the Government of the Republic of Finland
The regime of islands in international law
Evaluating European Union funded projects : case MINWA
Plant-water relationships in arid and semi-arid conditions : proceedings of the Madrid symposium
The right of hot pursuit in international law
The juridical bay
Relevant circumstances and maritime delimitation
Aquaculture : farming aquatic animals and plants
"Japan continues to provoke conflict by laying claim to Dokdo, ignoring the fact that historically and legally the island is an integral part of the Korean territory. History clearly shows that the Japanese imperialists illegally seized Dokdo for strategic and military purposes during the Japanese-Russo War (1904-1905). But Japanese politicians today tend to ignore the historical reality and teach the young generation faulty, misleading knowledge..." - from the preface.
The law of maritime delimination - reflections
International maritime boundaries. Volume 4
Mineral concessions and law in Greenland
Rights to oceanic resources : deciding and drawing maritime boundaries
Integrated management of groundwater and dependent ecosystems in a Finnish esker
Conclusions (s. 307-309).
Towards effective water policy in the Asian and Pacific region ... : proceedings of the Regional Consultation Workshop, Towards a Policy for Water Resources Development and Management in the Asian and Pacific Region ... , Manila 10-14 May, 1996. Vol. 2, Country papers
Spatial and temporal variability of freshwater biodiversity in natural and modified forested landscapes
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
The legal regime of hydrospace
Research in international law. Nationality, responsibility of states, territorial waters : drafts of conventions prepared in anticipation of the first conference on the codification of international law, The Hague, 1930
Dokdo : introduction of Dokdo's ecosystem
In-situ soil and groundwater bioremediation techniques and applications
This book contains seventeen papers selected from seminars of The International Seminar on Sea Names presented annually since 1995. They range in focus from discussing the principles and practices of naming seas and accompanying issues of international standardization and documentation to research on finding a resolution to the chronic disputes between Korea and Japan on the name of the sea between them.
The exclusive economic zone in international law
Suoja-alueet Suomen rannikolla = Skyddsområden vid finska kusten = Restricted areas on the Finnish coast. [Merivoimat]
Current international law issues : Nordic perspectives : essays in honour of Jerzy Sztucki
Novel applications related to bisphosphorus compounds
Molecular and isotopic characterization of terrestrial organic carbon released to (sub-)Arctic coastal waters
Straits used for international navigation : a Spanish perspective
National legislation and treaties relating to the law of the sea = Législation nationale et traités concernant le droit de la mer
The Aegean maritime disputes and international law
Responses of brown trout and benthic invertebrates to catchment-scale disturbance and in-stream restoration measures in boreal river systems
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Towards effective water policy in the Asian and Pacific region ... : proceedings of the Regional Consultation Workshop, Towards a Policy for Water Resources Development and Management in the Asian and Pacific Region ... , Manila 10-14 May, 1996. Vol. 3, Theme papers and comments
The régime of bays in international law
Past and present can help build better future for the states sharing water resources : Israeli-Arab water conflict
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region: implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
Marine management in disputed areas : the case of the Barents Sea
International maritime boundaries
The law of the sea : progress and prospects
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Dokdo : a Korean island rediscovered
Decisions of the World Court relevant to the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea : a reference guide
Readings in international law from the Naval War College review, 1947-1977. 1, Role of international law and an evolving ocean law
Russia's international legal claims in its adjacent seas : the realm of sea as extension of sovereignty
Integrating rules and tools for transboundary water resources management : case of Israel and Palestine
