http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3170 state territory
state territory
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
The history of Imperial Japan's seizure of Dokdo
National borders and economic disintegration in modern East Central Europe
Regional budgets and intergovernmental transfers in Russian  North and Northwest regions
Principles of public international law
Territory is one of the central political concepts of the modern world and, indeed, functions as the primary way the world is divided and controlled politically. Yet territory has not received the critical attention afforded to other crucial concepts such as sovereignty, rights, and justice. While territory continues to matter politically, and territorial disputes and arrangements are studied in detail, the concept of territory itself is often neglected today. Where did the idea of exclusive ownership of a portion of the earth’s surface come from, and what kinds of complexities are hidden behind that seemingly straightforward definition? The Birth of Territory provides a detailed account of the emergence of territory within Western political thought. Looking at ancient, medieval, Renaissance, and early modern thought, Stuart Elden examines the evolution of the concept of territory from ancient Greece to the seventeenth century to determine how we arrived at our contemporary understanding. Elden addresses a range of historical, political, and literary texts and practices, as well as a number of key players—historians, poets, philosophers, theologians, and secular political theorists—and in doing so sheds new light on the way the world came to be ordered and how the earth’s surface is divided, controlled, and administered.
The law of maritime boundary delimitation : a case study of the Russian Federation
Taming the sovereigns : institutional change in international politics
In this wide-ranging work, Caspar Hirschi offers new perspectives on the origins of nationalism and the formation of European nations. Based on extensive study of written and visual sources dating from the ancient to the early modern period, the author re-integrates the history of pre-modern Europe into the study of nationalism, describing it as an unintended and unavoidable consequence of the legacy of Roman imperialism in the Middle Ages. Hirschi identifies the earliest nationalists among Renaissance humanists, exploring their public roles and ambitions to offer new insight into the history of political scholarship in Europe and arguing that their adoption of ancient role models produced massive contradictions between their self-image and political function. This book demonstrates that only through understanding the development of the politics, scholarship and art of pre-modern Europe can we fully grasp the global power of nationalism in a modern political context.
Peace and disputed sovereignty : reflections on conflict over territory
Changing statehood : the spatial transformation of the Finnish state
Border and territorial disputes of the world
Between peril and promise : the politics of international law
Japan's Northern territories
Colonial history and territorial issues in Africa and Latin America
The Union : England, Scotland and the Treaty of 1707
The history of imperial Japan's seizure of Dokdo
Ideas on territorial revision in Hungary, 1920-1945
Territorial changes and international conflict
Secession : international law perspectives
Starke's international law
Identities, borders, orders : rethinking international relations theory
Risorgimento : the history of Italy from Napoleon to nation-state
Conclusion (s. 258-259).
Sovereign statehood : the basis of international society
The legal status of the Suez Canal
Routing borders between territories, discourses and practices
Place and belonging in America
This paper surveys theoretical literature on fiscal federalism, noting several concepts useful in understanding features typical to countries in transition.We argue that some of the concepts of standard fiscal federalism do not apply to transition economics as they do elsewhere.For example, normally undesirable inter-regional competition may actually benefit the transition process by forcing regions to alter their patterns of public spending.We further suggest that practices such as in-kind transfers may carry additional benefits in a transition environment.The paper makes extensive use of observations from Russia's system of inter-governmental relations. Keywords: fiscal federalism, transitional countries, Russia .
Representations of Estonian state boundaries : a study on the Estonian printed mass media and cross-border co-operation programmes
Settlement of sea-boundary delimitation disputes according to the provisions of the 1982 law of the sea convention
Environmental, legal and financial challenges facing the North-West region of the Russian Federation in the field of transboundary water management
The pragmatic dragon : China's grand strategy and boundary settlements
Conclusion (s. 116-118).
Borderland lives in northern South Asia
Entangled geographies : empire and technopolitics in the global Cold War
Where in the world is the Philippines? : debating its national territory
Walls, borders, boundaries : spatial and cultural practices in Europe
Frontier regions in Western Europe
Scope and content: "The Global Atlantic provides a concise, lively overview of the complex and diverse history of the greater Atlantic region from 1400 to 1900. During this period, the lands around the Atlantic basin--Europe, Africa, and the Americas--became deeply interconnected in networks of trade, cultural exchange, and geopolitics that reshaped these regions and the world beyond. In this accessible and engaging text, Christoph Strobel integrates the Atlantic into world history, showing that the Atlantic oceanic system was always interlinked with the rest of globe"--Provided by publisher.
The birth of territory
The territories of the People's Republic of China
The politics of responsibility to protect : problems and prospects
The politicization of the Arctic in the beginning of the 21st century : how do the Arctic Ocean states legitimate their new role in the Arctic of melting ice and new opportunities?
The exclusive economic zone : regime and legal nature under international law
Oppenheim's international law. Volume 1, Peace : introduction and part 1
Secession : the morality of political divorce from Fort Sumter to Lithuania and Quebec
Fiscal multipliers revisited
The emergence of a Greek identity (1700-1821)
The Shatt-al-Arab boundary question : a legal reappraisal
The international regulation of frontier disputes
Oppenheim's International law. 1, Peace : Parts 2 to 4
Ocean states : archipelagic regimes in the law of the sea
Global justice and territory
The juridical bay
Beyond the border : Syrian policies towards territories lost
"Japan continues to provoke conflict by laying claim to Dokdo, ignoring the fact that historically and legally the island is an integral part of the Korean territory. History clearly shows that the Japanese imperialists illegally seized Dokdo for strategic and military purposes during the Japanese-Russo War (1904-1905). But Japanese politicians today tend to ignore the historical reality and teach the young generation faulty, misleading knowledge..." - from the preface.
China's frontier regions : ethnicity, economic integration and foreign relations
The law of maritime delimination - reflections
Territories, boundaries and consciousness : the changing geographies of the Finnish-Russian border
The Falkland islands, their kinship isles, the antarctic hemisphere, & the freedom of the 2 great oceans : discovery & diplomacy, law & war. 2, a. From the 20th century's 2nd World War to just after 1982's short war. b. From about 1832 to World War II
International boundary disputes and international law : a policy-oriented study
Who has a right to Crimea? : Russia or Ukraine?
International maritime boundaries. Volume 4
Transborder flow of personal data within the EC : a comparative analysis of the privacy statutes of the Federal Republic of Germany, France, the United Kingdom and The Netherlands and their impact on the private sector
Some observations on the effects and applications of the new law of the sea, with special reference to the Baltic
Rights of passage : the passport in international relations
Does the constitution follow the flag? : the evolution of territoriality in American law
The global Atlantic : 1400 to 1900
Conclusions (s. 307-309).
Nevâdomaâ nam kraìna : Belarus' u ètnagrafìčnih mežah = The country we don't known : Belarus in its ethnic borders
Territorial issues in Europe and East Asia : colonialism, war occupation, and conflict resolution
The Dokdo dispute : an analysis of banal nationalism
Northern territories, Asia-Pacific regional conflicts and the Åland experience : untying the Kurillian knot
Manifest destiny and American territorial expansion : a brief history with documents
Abstract: Transnationalisation, group interests  and Finland's negotiations with European Union.
Strategy papers on the Arctic or high north : a comparative study and analysis
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
International law opinions : selected and annotated. Volume 1, Peace
The Svalbard treaty : from terra nullius to Norwegian sovereignty
During the past year, there has been intense debate over the correlation between fiscal consolidation and economic growth. This article argues that the observed growth forecast errors for euro area countries in 2010-2011 were not caused by underestimated fiscal multipliers. Instead, the errors were due to a general reassessment of euro area sovereign risk, which disproportionately impacted the more vulnerable euro area countries. These countries experienced a sharp increase in their sovereign borrowing costs, a tightening of credit conditions and ultimately a sharper-than-expected contraction of domestic demand..
Arctic strategies and policies : inventory and comparative study
Israel, the West Bank and international law
The exclusive economic zone in international law
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
Cases and materials on international law
Oppenheim's International law. 1, Peace : Introduction and Part 1
Nation shapes : the story behind the world's borders
Israel and Palestine : assault on the law of the nations
The Antarctic Treaty regime : law, environment and resources
International law : a treatise. Vol. 1, Peace
Situation, documents and commentary on recent developments in the international law of the sea
The Aegean maritime disputes and international law
Border work : spatial lives of the state in rural Central Asia
Crossing borders in a divided society : the representation of the "other" in Cyprus
Modern territoriality and minority politicisation : the discourse of Estonian view of state from 1725-1997
Boundaries and justice : diverse ethical perspectives
Boundaries, territory and postmodernity
Issues in intergovernmental fiscal relations : possible lessons for Economies in Transition
Post-imperium : a Eurasian story
The Svalbard Treaty : from terra nullius to Norwegian sovereignty
International maritime boundaries
On global environmental ethics : the uneasy case for international preservation of the rainforest
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
Title to territory in international law : a temporal analysis
Dokdo : a Korean island rediscovered
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
Global connections : politics, exchange, and social life in world history. Volume I , to 1500
This paper considers Russian intergovernmental transfers and possible bases determining their share of regional budgets.By concentrating on ten regions in the North and Northwest, possible causes of the highly uneven per capita distribution of federal funds in these regions are noted.Due to the small sample size and problematic statistical data, the paper confines itself mainly to description.  Keywords: Russia, regions, intergovernmental transfers, regional budgets .
Legality of international territorial administrations
The foundation of the modern Greek state : major treaties and conventions, 1830-1947
The question of Western Hungary/Burgenland, 1918-1923 : a territorial question in the context of national and international policy
International boundary laws : Kashmir case study
The origins of nationalism : an alternative history from ancient Rome to early modern Germany
After World War I, Hungarian society became focused on revising the terms of the Peace Treaty of Trianon. This title examines the thinking behind the renegotiation of post-treaty boundaries.
