http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3179 Kven people
Kven people
'Death' as a metaphore in the ethnopolitical debate
Creating Kvenness : identity building among the Arctic Finns in northern Norway
The dilemma of some present-day Norwegians with Finnish-speaking ancestry
The making of an ethnic identity : from Finns to Kvens
Kven, Tornedal and Sweden-Finnish literature at the turn of a new millennium
"Once a jolly swagman..." : essays on migration in honour of Olavi Koivukangas on his 60th birthday
Ethnic life and minority cultures
Multiethnic communities in the past and present
Finnish migrants to North Norway - supporting or threatening the Kven identifications of today?
A brief survey concerning Public Libraries in Northern Norway
Regulating Multilingualism in the North Calotte : The Case of Kven, Meänkieli and Sámi Languages
Effects of learning contexts on knowledge of verbs : lexical and inflectional knowledge of verbs among pupils learning Finnish in Northern Norway
Minority or immigrants? : a survey of the situation of the Finnish population in North Norway
Shaping ethnic identities : ethnic minorities in Northern and East Central European states and communities, c. 1450-2000
Summary: Eeva Törmänen eller Eva Dørmænen? The encounter between the Finnish and the Norwegian anthroponymic system in Norway.
Cultural adaptation and ethnic identity of Finnish immigrants in northern Norway
The ethnic classification in the late 19th-century censuses : a case-stydy from southern Troms, Norway
The Sami - indigenous people of northernmost Europe - have relied on traditional healing methods over generations. This pioneering volume documents, in accessible language, local healing traditions and demonstrates the effectiveness of using the resources local communities can provide. This collection of essays by ten experts also records how ancient healing traditions and modern health-care systems have worked together, and sometimes competed, to provide solutions for local problems. Idioms of Sami Health and Healing is one of the first English-language studies of the traditional healing methods among the Sami, and offers valuable insight and academic context to those in the fields of anthropology, medical anthropology, transcultural psychiatry, and circumpolar studies. Idioms of Sami Health and Healing is the second volume in the Patterns of northern traditional healing series. Contributors: Kjell Birkely Andersen, Anne Karen Haetta, Mona Anita Kiil, Britt Kramvig, Trine Kvitberg, Stein R. Mathisen, Barbara Helen Miller, Marit Myrvoll, Randi Inger Johanne Nymo, Sigvald Persen.
Sami history and the frontier myth : a perspective on northern Sami spatial and rights history
The politicization of Kven identities in Northern Norway
Idioms of Sámi health and healing
Some issues in the study of language shift in the Northern Calotte
Reversing language shift in the far North : linguistic revitalization in northern Scandinavia and Finland
Multiculturalism in the North : selected papers
Who were the Cwenas?
Planning a new standard language : Finnic minority languages meet the new millennium
The Kven and cultural linguistic pluralism
Binding relations in two Finnmark Finnish dialects : a comparative syntactic study
A tale of two towns : a comparative study of language and culture contact
Ethnicity studies
What can we do when the language is dying?
Communication in borderlands : an essay on cultural storytelling
Industrial location : melting-pot or salad bowl?
