http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3175 guides to singing
guides to singing
Musical theatre classics : baritone/bass
Sing your story : the art of jazz singing : a practical guide for learning and teaching
The "scale syllabus" : two CDs & booklet for all musicians! : instrumentalists & vocalist
Twenty elementary and progressive vocalises : Op. 15 : For alto
The complete vocal workout : a step-by-step guide to tough vocals
Singing : the mechanism and the technic
Harmony vocals : [the essential guide]
The alchemy of voice : Mind, life, light, truth, beauty, love
Junior choral club. [Book 2], Orange book
Singing! : basic vocal techniques
You can sing
Singing salsa : techniques, traditions and applications
Twenty elementary and progressive vocalises : op. 15 (with Italian words), for medium voice
Learn to sing vocals : everything you need to get started
Sing your story : the art of singing : a practical guide for learning and teaching
The soprano voice : a personal guide to acquiring a superior singing technique : a manual for training the voice
Sing today! : a complete guide to the basics. Level 1.
Functional lessons in singing
New pop backing tracks : girls
How to blitz! sight singing : training for your eyes and ears
What's new
Twenty elementary and progressive vocalises : for alto : opus 15
Changing voices : songs within an octave for teenage male singers
Choral intonation
The new voice : how to sing and speak properly
Caruso and Tetrazzini on the art of singing
Harmony vocals : the essential guide
Twenty elementary and progressive vocalises : for medium voice : op. 15
Musical theatre classics : mezzo-soprano/belter
The contemporary singer : elements of vocal technique
Street of dreams : play-a-long book & CD set for all instrumentalists & vocalists
Lead singer. Level 2 : Vocal techniques heavy rock to metal
Junior jazz III : beginning steps to singing jazz
Music reading / Ear training : ABCs of vocal harmony
Practical method of italian singing : for high soprano
Foundations in singing : a basic textbook in the fundamentals of technic and song interpretation
Sight singing : pitch, interval, rhythm
The right way to sing
Sing with Norah Jones
Vocal improvisation : - an instrumental approach
The art of song. Selected songs and arias for grade 6 : Low voice
Learn to sing the blues : 17 tips for performing vocalists
Joining the dots singing : a fresh approach to sight-singing. Grade 2
Junior jazz II : beginning steps to singing jazz
Standards with strings
Joining the dots singing : a fresh approach to sight-singing. Grade 4
The art of song. Selected songs and arias for grade 6 : Medium voice
Learning to sing nonclassical music
Contemporary singing techniques. Men's edition
Lead singer : vocal techniques : pop to rock. Level 2
Lead singer : for male or female voice. 1.
The art of singing
It takes two! : 10 great pop duets
Junior choral club. [Book 1], Blue book
The art of singing : Discovering and developing your true voice
Elementary progressive exercises : for the voice
Joining the dots singing : a fresh approach to sight-singing. Grade 5
Sing! : vocal warm-ups for all styles
Voice placing and training exercises : a complete and carefully graded series of progressive exercises for the production and cultivation of the singing voice. Contralto and baritone
Practical method of italian singing : for sorpano or tenor
Discover your voice : learn to sing from rock to classic
The art of singing : a manual of bel canto
The Zen of screaming : vocal instruction for a new breed
Vocal technique : developing your voice for performance
Solfeggien und Gesangsübungen = Solfeggi and vocal exercises = Solfeggi ed esercizi per il canto : K.-V. 393
Guide for jazz and scat vocalists : survival manual for aspiring jazz singers
The private voice studio handbook : a practical guide to all aspects of teaching
Choral method : Tricinia
Singing in russian : a guide to language and performance
Disney classic songs : High voice
Choral method : fifteen two-part exercises
Joining the dots singing : a fresh approach to sight-singing. Grade 1
Basic vocal workout
Sing your story : a practical guide for learning and teaching the art of jazz singing
Pop idol : audition book
Circle of sound : voice education : a contemplative approach to singing through meditation, movement and vocalization
You can sing!
Vocal basics
It takes two! : 10 great show duets
500 miles high
Joining the dots singing : a fresh approach to sight-singing. Grade 3
Junior jazz : beginning steps to singing jazz
Singing lessons for little singers : a 3-in-1 voice, ear-training and sight-singing method for young children
Singing for dummies
More Disney Solos For Kids
Elementary progressive exercises for the voice : op.1
Hear it and sing it! : exploring modal jazz
Voice placing and training exercises : a complete and carefully graded series of progressive exercises for the production and cultivation of the singing voice. Soprano and tenor
Principles of singing : a textbook for first-year singers
Twenty elementary and progressive vocalises : op. 15 : for medium voice
How to blitz! sight singing
The singer and the voice
Making more sense of how to sing : multisensory techniques for voice lessons and choir rehearsals
Practical method of Italian singing. For mezzo-soprano (alto) or baritone
You can sing : Carrie & David Grant's essential guide for aspiring pop stars
Musicianship for singers : what singers need to learn about music that instrumentalists already know
Lead singer : vocal techniques : heavy rock to metal. Level 1
Sight-singing : a fresh approach = Déchiffrage pour le chant : nouvelle approche = Vom-Blatt-Singen : eine erfrischend neue Methode. 1
St. Louis blues : traditional dixieland classics : play-a-long book and CD set for all instrumentalists and vocalists
Blues scatitudes : vocal improvisations on the blues
Singing for the stars : a complete program for training your voice
Practical method of Italian singing. For soprano or tenor
Vocals for female singers. Level 3
Singing professionally : studying singing for actors and singers
The art of song. Selected songs for grade 6 : High voice
How to sing jazz : learn to improvise in the styles of the jazz greats!
Hear it and sing it! : Exploring the blues
Whistle down the wind and 14 other songs from the shows : sing musical theatre. Intermediate (grades 4-5)
Elvis backing tracks
Harmonic overtones : magical vibrations in voice and music
You can sing : essential guide for aspiring pop stars
Choral Method : 333 reading exercises
Singers : a comprehensive guide for all styles and abilities
Cole Porter for singers : 14 songs in singer's keys recorded for low and high voice
Contemporary singing techniques. Women's edition
The diagnosis and corrections of vocal faults : a manual for teachers of singing and for choir directors
Ultimate vocal voyage : the definitive method for unleashing the rock, pop or soul singer within you
Jazz ballads for singers : 15 classic standards in custom vocal arrangements : menś edition
Elementary progressive exercises for the voice : op1
The Bert Konowitz vocal improvisation method : a complete course of study that develops vocal improvisation skills in both jazz and rock styles
Bel canto in its golden age : a study of its teaching concepts
Harmony and Style
Opera coaching : professional techniques and considerations
The Voces8 method
Born to sing
Sight-singing : a fresh approach = Déchiffrage pour le chant : nouvelle approche = Vom-Blatt-Singen : eine erfrischend neue Methode. 2
Audition songs for female singers. 1, Don't cry for me Argentina..
Practical method : of Italian singing for soprano or tenor
The art of song. Selected songs for grades 1-5 : High voice
Learn to sing vocals
Total singing tutor : the complete guide to singing, performing & recording
Voice basics
Grease
Choir builders : for growing voices. 2, 24 more vocal exercises for warm-up & workout
Dailey & Vincent teach bluegrass and gospel quartet singing
Secrets of singing. Female (low & high voice)
Singing 101 : a contemporary approach to singing
Giving voice : a handbook for choir directors & trainers
Adventures in singing : a progress for exploring, discovering, and developing vocal potential
The baritone voice : a personal guide to acquiring a superior singing technique : a manual for training the voice
