http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p318 plays and games
plays and games
Traction man and the beach odyssey
Barry : the fish with fingers and the hairy scary monster
From birth to five years : children's developmental progress
Mobile learning and the playing child
The little book of dens
The SAGE handbook of play and learning in early childhood
Poddy and Flora
Correlation between ritual and children's game in Komi traditional culture
Empowerment through playing : playing with roles, photos, texts, memories, cards and co-players
Child's play : vigorous activities with a limited budget
Mr Birdsnest and the house next door
The Usborne book of fantasy quests
Great indoor games book
Let's play together : co-operative games for all ages
How do penguins play?
There's no such thing as a Snappenpoop
Fingers Feet and Fun
The event of organisational entrepreneurship : disrupting the reigning order and creating new spaces for play and innovation
Grooving 'n' moving English : a material package for language showering in sports focused kindergarten
The little book of music and movement
Can you see what I see? : Seymour makes new friends
Public playground equipment sales plan : NSH Nordic A/S and Hy-land Products
Don't lose Pigley, Wibbly Pig!
"Of course that place is nowhere near this place" : comparing translations of wordplay in the subtitles of Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Play with a purpose for under-sevens
Physical activity of children aged 3 to 4: parents' viewpoint
Innocent, yet ambitious : childhood in 19th century America as depicted in Louisa May Alcott's Little Women series
Infancy is a unique period, in that at no other state is there greater growth and development. During this time, growth is occurring at a physical level, but equally impressive are the socio-emotional and cognitive developments during this time. Genetics, the womb environment, and the physical environment after birth all combine to impact the rate and manner of growth. Who we ultimately become as individuals begins here. Intended for university and public libraries, the Encyclopedia of Infant and Early Childhood Development is the major reference work that provides a comprehensive entry point into all of the existing literature on child development from the fields of psychology, genetics, neuroscience, and sociology. The scope of this work is to understand the developmental changes, when they occur, why they occur, how they occur, and those factors that influence that development. Although some medical information is included, the emphasis is on normal growth and is primarily from a psychological perspective.
Lucy & tom at the seaside
From the author of 'Giraffes Can't Dance' and award-winning creators of 'I Love My Mummy' and 'I Love My Daddy' comes a picture book about the fun and excitement of being a year older. From birthday kisses to party games with friends, all the joy of the big day is captured through true-to-life humour and lovely pictures.
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Translating wordplay : a case study on the translation of wordplay in Terry Prachett's Soul Music
American nonsinging games
Nature and young children : encouraging creative play in natural environments
Strategies of social screen play(ers) across the ecosystem of play: toys, games and hybrid social play in technologically mediated playscapes
Whole world
Acker backa boo! : [games to say and play from around the world]
Swimming games and activities for parent and teachers
The handbook of the study of play
Early communicative gestures and play as predictors of language development in children born with and without family risk for dyslexia
101 things for kids to do on a rainy day
The game of shadows
Can you see what I see? : Seymour and the juice box boat
If you're happy and you know it!
101 things for kids to do outside
Marge in charge
100 games and activities for the school playground
No-bot, the robot with no bottom!
LAPSET-seminaarin artikkelijulkaisu 2004 = Proceedings of the LAPSET seminar 2004
Games to play with your dog
Short behavioral consultation in day care: the effects on day care personnel's self evaluated competence, behavior of children with ADHD-symptoms and intervention acceptability
Encyclopedia of infant and early childhood development
Activity analysis, creativity and playfulness in pediatric occupational therapy : making play just right
How to change the games children play
The super swooper dinosaur
The aim of this thesis is to present a theoretically consistent conceptualization of knowledge creation as an interactive event and to test this in a working community in a methodologically coherent manner.This thesis examines the key problems in the body of research of knowledge creation in the field of Knowledge Management, which is attached to the idea of knowledge as an asset inside a human mind, but simultaneously promotes a view of interaction, based on hermeneutic understanding. The study proposes an alternative way to conceptualize and examine knowledge creation, based on hermeneutic phenomenology of Hans-Georg Gadamer and Martin Heidegger. The foci are on the conceptions of a human being and interaction as play. On the basis of the research literature, a framework for examining knowledge creation was developed. The framework was empirically tested in a multi-organizational and multi-professional working community of librarians and teachers, participating in The Joy of Reading Program in Finland. Along with the research literature, the triangulated data consist of ethnographic observations and video recordings of the community's gatherings, its members' interviews and produced documents. The data were analyzed through a qualitative approach.The results show that the phenomenological conceptions of temporality of a human being and play are suitable for understanding being in the knowledge-creating interaction, as they give means to understand the meaningfulness of past experiences, but promote an open attitude towards future possibilities in a way which promotes knowledge creation. Studying interactive events allows for an understanding of how the phenomenon of knowledge creation can be examined as a collective accomplishment. The importance of flexible circumstances is emphasized to promote interaction. The playful mode of being in the event, meaning seriousness and the tendency to be present in the event, was seen as a way to use the time available effectively. The results may be utilized to develop organizational circumstances, which promote knowledge creation by acknowledging the meaningfulness of interaction.In the future, theoretical sampling will be used for testing and developing the framework further in a Finnish Academy's Strategic Research Council's consortium BCDC Energy aiming at developing a cloud computing based market place on renewable energy markets.
Moomin's lift-the-flap : hide and seek
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Playing them false : a study of childrenś toys, games and puzzles
Social interaction among children with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD)
Factors contributing to overweight among children at the age of 3 to 6 years old
The grandparents handbook : games, activities, tips, how-tos, and all-around fun
Play therapy with children and adolescents in crisis
The best of stuntology : 304 pranks, tricks & challenges to amuse & annoy your friends
When will it snow?
Mog in the garden
Doctor Ted
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Homo ludens : a study of the play-element in culture
Camilla, the Cupcake Fairy
Alone and in a group : ethnographic research on autistic children's play
Sky-high guy
What's next for entertainment
My first playtime
Games for bored adults : challenges, competitions, activities, drinking
History of toys and games
Who's Got the Power? : Young Children's Power and Agency in the Child-Parent Relationship
Agile Supply Demand Networks approach to optimize inventory and reduce lead time : study by ASDN software
Challenges in Sustainable Toy Design
The den book
Happy birthday Amelia
Let's play together
Amelia Bedelia is for the birds
Scottish Football Association or Sweet Fanny Adams : a study on language-bound humour and its translation
Children's games throughout the year
Looking after cats and kittens
Bats stab! : translators' (in)visibility in language-play translations The Poisonwood Bible and its Finnish, Swedish and French tranlations
Fat Cat on a mat and other tales
Jemima and Jake's new babysitter doesn't look too promising. In fact she looks very sensible, very old and VERY small (she only comes up to daddy's armpit!). But the moment their parents leave the house, Marge gives a mischievous wink, takes off her hat and reveals a marvellous mane of rainbow-coloured hair! Marge really is a babysitter like no other and the children spend a wild evening with her - racing snails, slurping chocolate soup and mixing potions in the bath! But if Jake and Jemima want her to babysit again it's time for them to take charge of Marge, tidy up and settle her down for a little sleep. Three hilarious, anarchic and charming MARGE stories from A-list actress, mother, writer and comedian Isla Fisher. Ages 7+
Play activities for boys and girls (six through twelve) : a guide for teachers, parents, and recreation leaders
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Traction man meets Turbodog
Hello Kitty guide to parties
365 things to do with LEGO® bricks
"I Sid you not", "Raanta Claus" and "Getz the last laf" : punning wordplays in the news headlines of the National Hockey League's official website
I love my birthday
One hundred gymnastic games
Doll bones
I can do it : play-and-learn activities to help your child discover the world the Montessori say
Can we play? : a pop-up, lift-the-flap story about the days of the week
How to unplug your child : 101 ways to help your kids turn off their gadgets and enjoy real life
Suspected motor problems and low preference for active play in childhood are associated with physical inactivity and low fitness in adolescence
Millennial monsters : Japanese toys and the global imagination
Hands off my honey!
101 games for better behaviour
Floppy Ears
The world of games : their origins and history, how to play them, and how to make them
Motivate to communicate : 300 games and activities for you child with autism
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
How to play Spice Girls
101 ways to have fun : things you can do with friends, anytime!
Abstract: The purpose of this final thesis was to implement a case study in order to find out parentsʼ opinions about the amount, quality and significance of play and physical activity of their children aged three and four. This topic rises up from the resent public discussion and studies of the situation of the health of children in Finland.  This final thesis was conducted by using a survey method. Data was collected by sending out the questionnaires to the parents of certain children group in Salmisaari Sport Kindergarten. The sample was selected to be parents of 20 children.  The results showed parentsʼ positive attitudes towards play and physical activity. They understand the value of physical activities and play. Almost all agreed on the different aspects of quality and what it means but in the amount and ideal amounts of play and sports there are big differences.  The results of this thesis indicate that the situation does not seem to be as bad as public discussion gives grounds to understand. Most children are playing and having physical exercise enough according to their parents. Parents think that the play and physical activity is significant part of the development of the child and diverse activities are the most effective. In these cases the physical activity and play were described to be for example social and advanced.
The opposite of worry : the playful parenting approach to childhood anxieties and fears
The first bad man : a novel
The ultimate indoor games books : the best boredom busters ever!
Diary of a baby wombat
Playful learning environments : effects on children's learning
Bob and Flo : hide and seek
London street games
Child-Friendly approach to instrumental education : The Colourstrings Violin School
The people in the playground
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
Contemporary perspectives on play in early childhood education
Honk me to bonk me : subtitling of language-play in the TV sitcom Green Wing
Music 3-5
Family gardens
Gamesters' handbook two : another collection of games for teachers and group workers by the co-author of Gamesters' handbook
A Detroit dinosaur for a million bucks : metonymic nature and ideology of humour in the Finnish subtitles of an American situation comedy
Smellorama : nose games for dogs
Creative and playful learning on technology-enriched playgrounds : an international investigation
Play, comprising games for the kindergarten, playground, schoolroom and college : how to coach and play girls' basket-ball, etc
The snowy day
Me and my cat
Interaction for knowledge creation : a phenomenological study in Knowledge Management
Playtime
Great kids games
Celebrate : a year of British festivities for families and friends
Tickle my nose and other action rhymes
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
I love my grandma
LEGO®-based therapy : how to build social competence through LEGO®-based clubs for children with autism and related conditions
Number one, tickle your tum
Towards modelling of human relationships : nonlinear dynamical systems in relationships
Music with the under-fours
Are you sure Mother Bear?
The Game of rich and poor : a comparative study in traditional singing games
Teaching-studying-learning (TSL) processes and mobile technologies : multi-, inter- and transdisciplinary (MIT) research approaches : proceedings of the 12th International NBE 2005 Conference : September 14-17, 2005, Rovaniemi, Finland
101 activities to help children get on together
A Rickety Trolley, Virginian Wolfsnake and Yeeka: Lexical explications, wordplay and nonsense utterances in A Series of Unfortunate Events and their translation into Finnish PDF
Spontaneous play in early childhood from birth to six years
Shadow chasers
I love my grandpa
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
The zones of proximal development in children’s play
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
Pneumonia in pre-school children : Terveysnetti
Jack Frost
Ebele's favourite : a book of African games
Mr Little's noisy boat
Barry : the fish with fingers
Child-centered play therapy research : the evidence base for effective practice
Snow bears
The practical conduct of play
Baby's first book
When the Tooth Fairy forgot
Woolbuddies : 20 Irresistibly simple needle felting projects
Playground accessibility and usability for children with disabilities : experiences of children, parents and professionals
Qyteti i gocave të detit = The city of sea shells
Stick!
One sheep, two sheep ; a book of collective nouns
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Not a box
Down the dragon's tongue
Where's the baboon?
"From awkward hen and stags to boring car journeys, boozy dinner parties to Friday afternoons in the office, Games for Bored Adults is packed full of hilarious gaming inspiration to liven up any dull situation. Why not play human Buckaroo with a sleeping stranger, take on the After Eight challenge, or laugh in the face of pulled muscles in the ultimate ‘Cereal Killer’ game?  Challenge your friends, indulge your competitive streak and prove yourself the undisputed victor in a whole range of funny and imaginative games for every occasion."
Wibbly Pig likes to have fun
Gamesters' handbook : 140 games for teachers and group leaders
Water boy
The Handbook of the Study of Play brings together in two volumes thinkers whose diverse interests at the leading edge of scholarship and practice define the current field. Because play is an activity that humans have shared across time, place, and culture and in their personal developmental timelines-and because this behavior stretches deep into the evolutionary past-no single discipline can lay claim to exclusive rights to study the subject. Thus this handbook features the thinking of evolutionary psychologists; ethologists and biologists; neuroscientists; developmental psychologists; psychotherapists and play therapists; historians; sociologists and anthropologists; cultural psychologists; philosophers; theorists of music, performance, and dance; specialists in learning and language acquisition; and playground designers. Together, but out of their varied understandings, the incisive contributions to The Handbook take on vital questions of educational policy, of literacy, of fitness, of the role of play in brain development, of spontaneity and pleasure, of well-being and happiness, of fairness, and of the fuller realization of the self. These volumes also comprise an intellectual history, retrospective looks at the great thinkers who have made possible the modern study of play.
The scary monster
Tiger ways
The wild weather book : loads of things to do outdoors in rain, wind and snow
The zones of proximal development in children's play
Shall we do that again?
Wordplay in Donald Duck comics and their Finnish translations
The lost art of having fun
A-B-C - shaping alphabets with methods of outdoor and multisensory learning
Hide and seek
Sonny's treasure hunt
"This book aims to provide professionals and clinicians-in-training with the latest forms of treatment for children and adolescents who have been impacted by crises and trauma. The various treatment options presented here include approaches that focus on the individual as well as many that include a parent in conjoint or filial therapy, and others that employ a family treatment model. Many chapters in this book demonstrate the use of a variety of creative methods with young people who have suffered traumatic experiences such as sexual abuse, bullying, immigration, natural disasters, and witnessing violence"--
Don't even think about it! : 101dangerous things not to do before you grow old
