http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3180 Finns
Finns
Clifford Sifton + Nikolaj Bobrikoff = Finns in Alberta
Picturing "Finnishness" : de/constructing gender, nature and nation
Work as a factor of adaption for Finnish immigrants in the Great Lakes region
On the literacy of Finnish immigrant pupils in Sweden
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Intercultural skills needed by staffs in a multinational team
Development of L2 negation : an empirical study of Finnish learners of English
Finnish emigrants living outside the Nordic countries
The psychological and sociocultural adjustment during cross-cultural transition in 4-7-year-old children of internationally employed Finnish families
Yearbook of population research in Finland XXXVIII : articles on demography in honor of professor Tapani Valkonen on his birthday
A food sociological analysis of the Finnish Christmas meal tradition in English language blogs by Finns
Finnish Independence Day in the United States
How to do business in Finland : researching and organizing a database of knowledge for a cultural training game
The Finnish minority situation in Norway
"Much more than a passport" : markers of Finnish national identity in Australia
Finns in the USA : patterns of immigration and settlement since 1900
The Finnish woman
Puffs and gasps : peepholes into Finnish humour
Finnish emigration prior to 1893 : economic, demographic and social backgrounds
Lexical errors in the spoken English of Finnish Australians
Thanks to the Centro de Estudios Migratorios Latinoamericanos (CEMLA) electronic database of Buenos Aires, we have a better understanding of how many Finns migrated to Argentina during 1886-1940. Port entries to Buenos Aires by Finnish nationals during 1886-1940 totalled 916 (the total includes everyone on the lists irrespective if they have been mentioned twice in a few cases), with the lion's share (482) arriving in 1920-1929. Argentina started to be noticed by Finnish immigrants from 1906, when Arthur Thesleff founded with a group of 112 Finns and 6 Swedes a colony in the northeast province of Misiones. Despite greater immigration from Finland during the 1920s, the highest number of Finns arriving to the Port of Buenos Aires in a single year was in 1906, totalling 139 people. A more precise figure, however, would be about 145 (Tessieri 2008, 25, and Tessieri 2009, 13). I would also like to thank and show my apreciation to the Kaarle Hjalmar Lehtinen Foundation of the Institute of Migration for a grant that made this study possible..
No land for Finns : critics and reformers view the rural exodus from Finland to America between the 1880ś and World War l
While other research has been completed on ethnic return migration to Finland, particularly on Ingrian Finns, very little attention has been paid to the remigration of ethnic Finns born and raised abroad in Western countries, such as the United States, Canada, and other European states. This article takes an exploratory approach and seeks to shed light on why people with Finnish roots born and raised in other Western countries seek to (re)migrate, as well as what they hope and expect of life in Finland. Results from focus group data collected at a Finnish language and culture course suggest that these individuals view their ethnic homeland very positively prior to migration, and consider the (re)migration process as natural or inevitable as a result of having Finnish roots. Participants expected to adapt to life in Finland with ease and discussed the benefits of having Finnish roots as a newcomer in the country..
Finns of interior B.C., Canada - Okanagan Valley : case study
Behind the texts and notes and the edition : M. A. Castrén's lectures on mythology
A Review
Polyphony : bulletin of the Multicultural History Society of Ontario
Suomian : a student publication of the activities and events of Suomi College
Customer satisfaction of Finnish tourists with hotel services in Saint Petersburg, Russia
Finnish warriors in the South African war
Finnish Congregationalism in America
A study in the morphology of the Finns and its relation to the settlement of Finland
Abstract: The organisational culture and management of Finnish organisations in St. Petersburg.
Notes on the collection, classification and life of Finnish mythological folk legends
Problems of research in Finnish re-emigration
A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers.
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
The Finns on the Titanic
The Finnish way of being silent
Process and product : problems encountered by the Finnish immigrants in the transmission of a spiritual heritage
The impact of cultural differences on international  business negotiations between Finns and Arabs
Religiousness of Finnish immigrants in Belgium
Finland apartments
Finnish snake charms
A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers
Sources of housemaid studies
Port entries of Finnish nationals to Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1886-1940
Swedish Finns in the world today
Expressions of Finnish American ethnic identity among second and third generation respondents
Finnish Customer Expectations in Senior Residences on Costa del Sol, Spain : Case: Villa Aurora Company
Traces---of four Finnish families
FinnThunder 2012 represented many-sided Finnish culture in Canada : FinnThunder 2012, July 27th-29th, 2012 in Thunder Bay, Canada
"Like Finlanders do in Finland" : associations with Finnishness and the construction of cultural identity in narrations of Finnish Americans in the documentaries Finnish American Lives and Tradition Bearers
Green gold and granite :  a background to Finland
Fluency in relation to speech planning phenomena in the spontaneous speech of Finnish speakers of English
Traditional Finnish decorative bands
Ready to Descend : A Minnesota Iron Ore Miner In the Underground, 1908-1913
Sukulaiset : the kindred : arvostelu
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
Ethnicity in the informal networks of older sunbelt migrants : a case history of the Finns in Florida
SYGIS : the Finnish archaeological project  in Syria
A comparative analysis between Finns and Chinese : how communication traits affect self-disclosure in intercultural friendships?
PROBLEMS FACED BY A NEW DESTINATION WHEN TRYING TO ESTABLISH POSITION WITHIN TOURISM MARKETS  : Case: Destination Uganda
Understanding orgasmic frequence : a case of Finland
Measuring the perceived destination image of Vietnam in Finland
Finland and the Finns : a selective bibliography
Opening of the Finnish exhibition on trans-atlantic migration via the UK
The silence of the Finns : exploring the anatomy of an academic myth
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
Motivations and expectations of potential ethnic return migrants from Western countries to Finland
Despite the vast research on Finnish emigration, little is known about Finns' emigration to Poland. The present study contributes to the underdeveloped areas of study on Finnish expatriation to the Slavic countries. Regardless of Poland's difficult history, or economic and cultural differences, more than 200 Finns have decided to settle in Poland. The number is even bigger when counting temporary immigrants. The study concentrates on some of the historical perspectives, as well as on contemporary analysis through qualitative interviews with 31 Finns living in Poland. Respondents were asked mainly about their reasons for migrating and attitude toward Poland as the destination country. Detailed investigation into the social cohesion of the Finnish minority in Poland is needed. Especially important is further study to determine the post-accession trends in Finnish migration to Poland, especially in the context of the first census since 2002..
Migration decision in theory and practice : a case-study of Finnish emigration to Sweden after the Second World War
People of Finland in archaic times : being sketches of them given in Kalevala, and in other national works
Correlates of increased sexual satisfaction
Finnish American ethnic identity and sisu
The truth about SAUNA the truth about Finns = Totuus SAUNAsta, totuus suomalaisista = Sanningen om SAUNAn, sanningen om finländarna = SAUNA, die Finnes mögen's heiß = SAUNA, les Finlandais l'aiment chaud
The Finnish migration to and from Russian Alaska and the Pacific Siberian Rim 1800.1900
Some reflections on the writing of the history of the Finnish evangelical lutheran church
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
Finnish sailors and soldiers in the American Civil War
Finlandia : the racial composition, the language and a brief history of the Finnish people
Service design for Chinese restaurant management in Finland
Abstract: This paper contributes to the discussion on so-called academic myths by analysing the idea of silence as characteristic of a Finnish communication style. By reviewing contemporary research literature and earlier sources, we illustrate how the concept of the silent Finn has emerged and how it endures, reproduced in both public and academic discourses while lacking empirical evidence. Our analysis proposes six key characteristics to academic myths: that they are built on shaky grounds, widely circulated, used as an expedient, intuitively appealing, resistant to change, and self-replicating. The paper addresses possible reasons behind the persistence of such myths and their implications for academic discourse.
Finnish travelers' travel motivation : case: Canary Islands
The fishing village of Finn Slough, Vancouver, Canada
On the footsteps of the Delaware Finns and John Morton : an interpretation of the Finnish-American history by Salomon Ilmonen
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
Above and beyond pronunciation intelligibility : A study of attitudes
Finns in the Lumber camps of Algoma district. Perspectives of a young girl
Finnish-American identity
Research note
Finland's migration bridge to America
Finland, its country and people : a short survey
Voi maamme, Suomi = Finland : what a country!
The Taste Preferences of Finnish People Towards Southeast Asian Food  : The Case of Vietnamese Food and Thai Food
New York City passenger manifests of SS Titanic survivors rescued by the SS Carpathia
Report about the case study on the Veps language in Russia, conducted within the EU-FP7 research project ELDIA.
What should I think, how should I feel? : the balancing of personal experiences and social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth
A history of Finnish American organizations in Greater New York 1891-1976 : a project of The Greater New York Finnish Bicentennial Planning Committee
A survey of emigration from Finland to the United States and Canada
"Is native language decisive in language learning results?" : a study of acculturation and the effect of language distance : Finnish and Dutch migrants in Australia compared
What is finnish about The Finns Party? : Political culture and populism
"Meditation changed my life" : A study of experiences of Finnish meditation practitioners in Tampere
Cognitive and attributional strategies of American and Finnish young adults
Finland : a quick guide to customs & etiquette
Finnish professionals with limited English proficiency : a study of language attitudes and language use
House hunting Finnish style
Attitudes Towards Foreign-born Settlers: Finland in a Comparative Perspective
How Finnish are the Thunder Bay Finns?
The present paper focuses on the Finnish attitudinal climate towards foreign-born settlers, i.e. immigrants, refugees and asylum seekers in a comparative perspective. Two theoretical approaches are tested: 1) the socio-economic explanation in which prejudice is seen as an outcome of the original majority population fearing a decline of their socio-economic position, and 2) a culturally oriented explanation which refers to fears concerning the possible negative cultural effects of immigration. Using survey data from the ? rst round of the European Social Survey (ESS) on Finland and 18 other countries, we ? nd that at the most general level, Finns do hold comparatively negative attitudes towards increasing the number of immigrants in Finland. However, as we turn to more speci? c items on economic and especially cultural threat, we ? nd that Finns are as tolerant or even more tolerant than other Europeans. Multivariate analyses show that both socio-economic factors and values, ideologies and religiosity may generate prejudice. The two theoretical approaches should, thus, not be taken as alternatives but rather as complementary theories. .
Finland : facts and figures
Detecting syntactic contamination in emigrants : the English of Finnish Australians
Abstract: A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers. The research question in this dissertation is: Investigating the possibility to introduce a Finnish rye bread brand called 'Ruispalat' into the British consumer market and what are the possible barriers this product may face? This dissertation will look at the possibility of introducing an iconic Finnish rye bread brand into the British market. The product investigated in this study is called 'Ruispalat'. This particular bread is the most eaten bread in Finland for years. There are many health benefits, like the fact that with fiber you also get antioxidants, vitamins and minerals. It naturally helps to lower your cholesterol and decrease the risk of cancer and diabetes. Recommendation for the daily fiber intake is between 25-23g and one slice of 'Ruispalat' has 5.5 grams of fiber. Despite of its popularity in the Nordic countries, a matching product cannot be found on sale in the United Kingdom. The purpose is to identify differences between Finnish and British cultures and investigate how these differences affect the demand for the product. This dissertation also aims at discovering differences between the implications of the relevant literature and implications of the cross-sectional research. The research hypothesis for this is that the British have different taste preferences and that 'Ruispalat will face barriers associated with cultural differences. The research hypothesis is based on that people have strong variations of values, tastes, habits and preferences, large part of which is due to and affected by national culture. These factors affect the consumer response for 'Ruispalat' in the British market. The purpose of this dissertation is to investigate the kind of literature and information there is already available on this topic and how these can be of use in this particular case of 'Ruispalat'. Additionally, the objective is to find out what British people think about the product and whether they would buy it if it was available in the British market and reasons behind the answers to these questions. This dissertation also aims at identifying possible gaps in the literature or theories that ignore some aspects considered important in this dissertation. This dissertation will be significant in terms of providing information about how members of the British culture respond to the product. This information is based on quantitative research.
Lexical transfer in the written English of Finnish students in 1990, 2000 and 2005 : elements of improvement  in the mastery of English vocabulary
The Finns in America and Finland : a bibliography of the writings of John I. Kolehmainen, 1937-1987
Linguistic resources in transition : a case study of Finnish people in Belgium
Formation of dyadic relationships : Finnish software companies established in the USA
Going to school in a diaspora
The Finns
Finnish American horizons : horizons project of the Finnish-American bi-centennial committee U.S.A. 1976
Transborder contacts and the maintenance of Finnishness in the diaspora : an interdisciplinary conference in Finnish, Finnish-North American and Sweden Finnish Studies : Mälardalen University, Campus Eskilstuna, June 17-20, 2007
Of international justice in light of human moral ontology : an interpretive study of Finnish attitudes towards refugees
The present and future culture of the Australian Finns
What is a Finntown?
Finns in America - as viewed from Finland
The self-perceived commitment and relationship maintenance behaviors among Finnish-Chinese couples in Finland : an application of the investment model in intercultural romantic relationship studies
The Veps language in Russia : ELDIA case-specific report
The very stupid folk : a Finnish tale for children
A history of the Finns : in Ohio, Western Pennsylvania and West Virginia : from Lake Erie's shores to the Mahoning and Monongahela Valleys
Intercultural friendship development between Finnish and international students
Transnational highly skilled Finnish migrants in Europe : choosing one's identity
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
Ethnicity in the informal networks of older sunbelt migrants : a case study of the Finns in Florida
How to marry a Finnish girl : everything you want to know about Finland, that Finns won't tell you
On top of the world
Cultural adaptation : change and continuity among Thunder Bay Finns
The Finnish peasant's love of reading
The monument of the Crimean war Finnish soldiers in England
The Finns in the United States : a sociological interpretation
Destination countries' risk image as perceived by Finnish travellers
"Would I have been better off there?" : comparison, need and conduciveness in a Finnish emigrant's account
Pre-acculturation among voluntary migrants
The monument, in Lewes, East Sussex, is dedicated to the 28 Finns who died in the local prison, after being captured when the British attacked the Åland Islands during the Crimean War 1854-1856..
From oicotype (ecotype) to the study of ethnotypes : a perspective to studying the identity of the Finnish minority in northern Norway
Understanding employers’ perceptions of international graduates : an investigation of the employment prospects of Finnish-educated Chinese graduates in Finnish companies operating in China
Problems in communication between Russians and Finns
Wilhelm Anders Back (29.7.1886-2.4.1974) immigrated to Australia on 26 November 1902 - a 16-year old eager to take on the world. He and his brother Karl Johan Back (20.10.1877-20.6.1962) settled in the Byron Bay-Mullumbimby area of New South Wales. They often wrote home to urge their family to sell the farm and emigrate to the 'Promised Land.' Civil War intervened and the elderly parents baulked. Wilhelm travelled in 1924 to Finland - via the world at large - to encourage and persuade. That yearlong Grand Tour culminated in a Finnish summer. He sponsored a wave of migration from Ostrobothnia - but his own family was not amongst this..
The Atlantic Finns : a forgotten ethnic minority
Report on the case study on the Karelian language in Russia, conducted within the EU-FP7 research project ELDIA.
Business intelligence in decision making in Finnish enterprises
Framing the Finnish experience in the Soviet Union : comparing Finnish and North American Finns
Finland - faces - features : Finland is no small talk
Finland through Australian eyes
Osobennosti natsionalnoi rybalki : Specialities of national fishing
American Finnish identity
Finnish settlement in rural Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada
Finns in Poland : a contemporary analysis
Colonia Finlandesa : the second ship, and some factors that led to the demise of a Finnish colony in Northeast Argentina
The second generation Finns of Argentina : a process towards Argentinization
Abstract.
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2010.
The Delaware Finns and John Morton : seeking to legitimize the immigrant experience in America
Finland, faces, features : Finland is not small talk
S for ... : ... Suomi
Communicating with Finns
Some cross-cultural observations of a third-generation Finnish-American
Where did they come from and where did they all go? : a new website for Finnish researchers
Destination image of Estonia among Finns
A post-modern mystery : why do Finns, "silent in two languages", have the highest density of mobiles in the world?
Internationalization and migration pressure
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
Finnish outbound travel patterns : destination Germany
The organisational culture and management of Finnish organisations in St. Petersburg : a multiple case study
Karelian in Russia : ELDIA case-specific report
Finnish-american folklore : quantitative and qualitative analysis
Penedo : a Finnish utopian colony in Brazil 80 years
Form and content of immigrant socialist ideology : the case of the Finnish-American left
The Finn factor in American labor, culture and society
Handbook for doing Finnish American Family History
Finland's foreign policy as an autonomous Grand Duchy and the winning of independence
Ethnic symbols : their roles in maintaining and constructing Finnish American culture
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
Abstract: Customer satisfaction of Finnish tourists with hotel services in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
Finnish attitudes toward female ministry in the beginning of the 21
A history of the Finns : in Ohio, Western Pennsylvania and West Virginia
No, no swearing allowed, no swearing allowed : A comparative study of hesitation phenomena in the spoken English of two generations of Finnish Australians
International migration of skilled persons from Finland
Finland and international tennis : an unsuccessfull match?
ABC of Finland
New England Finlandia and its Finnish enclave of Norwood, Massachusetts
Finnish-American anarcho-syndicalism and the industrial workers of the world
