http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3182 politicians
politicians
Recent research has documented that competent-looking political candidates do better in U.S. elections and that babyfaced individuals are generally perceived to be less competent than maturefaced individuals. Taken together, this suggests that babyfaced political candidates are perceived as less competent and therefore fare worse in elections. We test this hypothesis, making use of photograph-based judgments by 2,772 respondents of the facial appearance of 1,785 Finnish political candidates. Our results confirm that babyfacedness is negatively related to inferred competence in politics. Despite this, babyfacedness is either unrelated or positively related to electoral success, depending on the sample of candidates.
My way : Berlusconi in his own words
Trust inside a political organization : a case study of the Finnish Centre Party parliamentary group
The letters of Rosa Luxemburg
Never marry a politician
The dinner
Red Rascal's war
Willy Brandt : a portrait of the German chancellor
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis
Nelson Mandela : a force for freedom
My early life : a roving commission
Comparative women's rights and political participation in Europe
Mr and Mrs Disraeli : a strange romance
First lady : the life and wars of Clementine Churchill
Enigma of China
Age of assassins : a history of conspiracy and political violence 1865-1981
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
My story
Adultery
Never give in! : Winston Churchill's greatest speeches
The heir apparent : Robert Kennedy and the struggle for power
No mission is impossible : the death-defying missions of the Israeli Special Forces
And yet... : essays
Founders as fathers : the private lives and politics of the American revolutionaries
The birthday present
Sons + fathers : words and images supporting the Irish Hospice Foundation
Disputed barricade : the life and times of Josip Broz-Tito, marshal of Jugoslavia
Kissinger : the adventures of super-kraut
Stabbed in the front : post-war General Elections through political cartoons
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis /Kaisa Kotakorpi, Panu Poutvaara
Who's who in American politics : 1973-1974 : a biographical directory of United States political leaders
Evita : the woman with the whip
The gentleman from Massachusetts: Henry Cabot Lodge
Choice, not fate : the life and times of Trevor Manuel
Winston Churchills speeches : never give in!
A delicate shade of pink : the lives of Hella Wuolijoki and Salme Dutt in the service of revolution
The betrayers
Che Guevara speaks : selected speeches and writings
The memoirs. [1], Years of adventure 1874-1920
Bernie Sanders stormed to international headlines after running an extraordinary campaign for the Democratic primaries that saw over 13 million people turn out to vote for him, and changing the global discussion surrounding US politics. But how did a complete unknown and an avowed socialist make such waves? In Our Revolution, Sanders provides a unique insight into the campaign that galvanized a movement, sharing experiences from the campaign trail and the techniques that shaped it. And it wasn't just his use of new media; Sanders' message resonated with millions. His supporters are young and old, dissatisfied with expanding social inequality, struggling with economic instability and who rebelled against a political elite who has long ignored them. This is a global phenomenon, driving movements from Syriza in Greece to Podemos in Spain and Jeremy Corbyn in the UK. Drawing on decades of experience as activist and politician, Sanders outlines his ideas for continuing this political revolution.
Churchill by his contemporaries
Under the dome : a novel
Politician weblogs in Finland : members of Parliament as bloggers
The best of Benn
Margaret, daughter of Beatrice : a politician's psycho-bioraphy of Margaret Thatcher
Hopes and dreams  : the story of Barack Obama
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume I, August 1770 - March 1778
Cold courage
Six suspects
A fête to remember
The journal of John Wodehouse, first Earl of Kimberley for 1862-1902
The unrelenting struggle : war speeches
Dr Do-Little and the African potato : cartoons from Sowetan, Mail & Guardian and Sunday Times
Feminism and political theory
"The in-depth biography of Angela Merkel, using exclusive new sources and research to tell how the daughter of a clergyman from East Germany rose to become one of the most powerful women in the world"--NoveList.
Berlusconi's Shadow : Crime, Justice and the Pursuit of Power
U Thant : the search for peace
Indira : the life of Indira Nehru Gandhi
Annus horribilis : the manure parliament 2008-2009
The devil's diary : Alfred Rosenberg and the stolen secrets of the Third Reich
Tides of fortune 1945-1955
The memoirs of Herbert Hoover : the great depression 1929-1941
Faces of politicians : babyfacedness predicts inferred competence but not electoral success
The political diary of Hugh Dalton 1918-40, 1945-60
The prime minister's ironing board and other state secrets : true stories from the government archives
Vieno Johannes Sukselainen was born in Paimio on 12 October 1906. His mother was a single woman who worked as a seamstress. Sukselainen matriculated from high school in 1927 and earned his masters degree in 1931. Sukselainens doctoral dissertation, Co-operatives as a business model, was approved in 1939. Sukselainen traveled to various countries during the 1930s to conduct research for his dissertation, including Germany, Switzerland, France and Sweden. He was actively involved in student politics and later in the 1930s also got involved in the activities of the Agrarian League. Although neither farmer nor Member of Parliament, Sukselainen was elected chairman of the Agrarian League in 1945. His chairmanship lasted nearly two decades, until 1964, and his contributions were mainly in the area of political economy and social policy. Sukselainen was a member of parliament almost without interruption from 1948 to 1978, and was Speaker in 1956-58, 1968-69 and 1972-75. Sukselainen occupied the post of Minister of Finance in 1950-51 and 1954, Minister of the Interior in 1951-53, and Prime Minister in 1957 and 1959-61. He also served as a university lecturer and professor of political economy throughout the 1940s and 50s, director of the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 1954-71 and Chancellor of the University of Tampere in 1969-78. A founder of the Family Federation, Sukselainen was also its ? rst chairman from 1941 until 1971. Sukselainen and Elma Bondn, M.A., married on 6 July 1938 and had four children. V.J. Sukselainen died in 1995. .
A celebration of the most influential and thought-provoking speeches that have shaped the world we live in. With comprehensive, chronological coverage of speeches from the 20th and 21st centuries, taken from all corners of the globe, entries all feature photo headshots of the speakers plus an introduction explaining the background behind every speech and biographical details of each of the speakers as well as analysis of each speech throughout including buzzwords, memorable phrases and marginal notes.
Eleanor Marx : A life
The Mackenzie King record. Vol. 1, 1939-1944
Mother India : a political biography of Indira Gandhi
British political speeches and debates from Cromwell to Churchill
The literary Churchill : author, reader, actor
Power, liberty, democracy : speeches and articles of leading Hungarian politicians : (1974-1977)
Autobiography and other pieces
With malice
Winston S. Churchill. Volume II : Young statesman, 1901-1914
Candidate quality
In 2015 Time magazine named German Chancellor Angela Merkel as its Person of the Year, leaving little doubt that the woman who has held control of the European Union and successfully negotiated with Russian President Vladimir Putin is one of the most crucial and formidable fixtures in contemporary politics. This book is the story of the political titan's ascent from complete obscurity to become one of the most influential leaders in the world, responsible for making Germany more liberal and prosperous than it has ever been. Matthew Qvortrup weaves together Merkel's personal story with the vivid history of post-World War II Germany, combining his years of experience as a political commentator and journalist with his unique access to groundbreaking materials on Merkel--his research relies on original German sources and archives that have never been made available in English. This definitive biography follows Angela Merkel from her bleak childhood in East Germany through her meteoric rise to prominence and power, and includes up-to-date information on recent pressing concerns, such as the current refugee crisis. Offering an unprecedented look at how Merkel's inimitable personality and perspective allowed her and her staff of mostly female advisors to repeatedly outmaneuver a network of conservative male politicians, this book is essential reading for anyone interested in politics and current affairs, or simply in the story of a truly remarkable woman--Adapted from dust jacket.
Margot at war : love and betrayal in Downing Street, 1912-16
Ministers at war : Winston Churchill and his war cabinet
The American political tradition and the men who made it
The kill list
Angela Merkel : the chancellor and her world
The year of the 4 emperors
My life : an attempt at an autobiography
Money in the bank
Memoirs by Harry S. Truman. 1, Year of decisions
The caged lion : Winston Spencer Churchill, 1932-1940
Through diplomacy to politics : memoirs 1897-1948
"When Bernie Sanders began his race for the presidency, it was considered by the political establishment and the media to be a "fringe" campaign, something not to be taken seriously. After all, he was just an independent senator from a small state with little name recognition. His campaign had no money, no political organization, and it was taking on the entire Democratic Party establishment. By the time Sanders's campaign came to a close, however, it was clear that the pundits had gotten it wrong. Bernie had run one of the most consequential campaigns in the modern history of the country. He had received more than 13 million votes in primaries and caucuses throughout the country, won twenty-two states, and more than 1.4 million people had attended his public meetings. Most important, he showed that the American people were prepared to take on the greed and irresponsibility of corporate America and the 1 percent. In Our Revolution, Sanders shares his personal experiences from the campaign trail, recounting the details of his historic primary fight and the people who made it possible. And for the millions looking to continue the political revolution, he outlines a progressive economic, environmental, racial, and social justice agenda that will create jobs, raise wages, protect the environment, and provide health care for all--and ultimately transform our country and our world for the better. For him, the political revolution has just started. The campaign may be over, but the struggle goes on."--Provided by publisher.
Lord Randolph Churchill
A dictionary of political biography
Behind God's back
March. Book one
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume II, March 1778 - May 1779
Vice : Dick Cheney and the hijacking of the American presidency
The Mackenzie King record. Vol. 4, 1947-1948
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
100-year Anniversary of the Birth of V.J. Sukselainen, Founder of Väestöliitto
The reserve
All the colours of the town
The memoirs of Herbert Hoover : the cabinet and the presidency 1920-1933
The time of my life
Riding the storm 1956-1959
The shift omnibus
Golda Meir : portrait of a prime minister
Arik : the life of Ariel Sharon
Digital-political fantasies in Istanbul : an analysis of the perceived role of ICT in changing local institutional politics, activism, and identity
Sixty by six : these years of ours
Hard choices
The Fix. Vol. 1, Where beagles dare
The impulse society : what's wrong with getting what we want
No more champagne : Churchill and his money
The life of Neville Chamberlain
Televising democracies
In love and war
A little white death
Mitterand : a study in ambiguity
In a night of shattering brutality, three of Washington's most powerful and unscrupulous politicians have been executed with surgical precision. Their assassins, vanishing without a trace, have delivered a shocking ultimatum to the leaders of the American government: set aside petty, partisan politics and restore power to the people, or be held to deadly account. No one, they warn, is out of their reach - not even the president. Only Michael O'Rourke, a former U.S. Marine and freshman congressman, holds a clue to the violence: a haunting incident in his own past with explosive implications for his country's future / WorldCat.
Daughter of the East : an autobiography
Robert Kennedy : a memoir
Talking heads : Great speeches from the first century of recorded sound
Known and unknown : a memoir
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
Makers of modern Asia
"In No Mission Is Impossible, Michael Bar-Zohar and Nissim Mishal return with the intensely absorbing, fast-paced story of thirty of the boldest missions of the Israeli Special Forces. Bar-Zohar and Mishal depict in electrifying detail major battles, raids in enemy territory, and death-defying commando missions while also sharing the personal stories of both soldiers and top commanders, revealing their hopes and fears. The stories are often of victories, but sometimes also of immense failures, and run side-by-side with the accounts of the lives and accomplishments of some of Israel's most prominent figures, including Moshe Dayan, Ariel Sharon, the brothers Netanyahu, Ehud Barak, and Avigdor Kahalani. We follow Sharon, from his near death at the battle of Latrun in 1948, to his crossing Suez in 1973; we are with Ehud Barak, dressed in women's clothes, when he commands a daring raid in Beirut in 1973, and then when he is elected Prime Minister in 1999. Besides recounting the mesmerizing, high-stakes missions, No Mission Is Impossible includes an interview in each chapter with a major figure who took part in the mission discussed, including some of the most prominent players in Israeli politics, and stunning photographs, many published for the first time."--Amazon website.
50 speeches that made the modern world
Biographies of statesmen, politicians and public figures
The cunning of unreason : making sense of politics
The Mackenzie King record. Vol. 3, 1945-1946
Robert Kennedy : his life
I have a dream : the speeches that changed history
Adultery : a novel
The Mackenzie King record. Vol. 2, 1944-1945
Bobby Sands : freedom fighter
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
Emperors once more
Indira Gandhi writes to young people
British working class politics 1832-1914
Our revolution : a future to believe in
Edward T. Cardwell, Peelite
The hotel on Place Vendôme : life, death, and betrayal at the Hôtel Ritz in Paris
Golda Meir : woman with a cause
Sonia Gandhi : an extraordinary life, an Indian destiny
The sting man : inside Abscam
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
The death of an owl
Grey of Fallodon : being the life of Sir Edward Grey afterwards Viscount Grey of Fallodon
Dizzy : the life and nature of Benjamin Disraeli, Earl of Beaconsfield
Onwards to victory : war speeches
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume III, May 1779 - December 1780
Mrs. Lincoln's rival
March. Book three
Mayor Rob Ford : Uncontrollable : how I tried to help the world's most notorious mayor
Mr. Putin : operative in the Kremlin
Winston S. Churchill. Volume I : Youth, 1874-1900
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume IV, 1781-1782
Enigma of China : an inspector Chen novel
American Evita : Hillary Clinton's path to power
Intercultural differences in the nonverbal communication of Finnish, French and American politicians
The Churchill Factor : how one man made history
Lodovico Gritti in Hungary 1529-1534 : a historical insight into the beginnings of Turco-Habsburgian rivalry
Clinton : the president they deserve
The loving heart of a mother or a greedy politician? : media representations of female presidents in Liberia and Malawi
Dark and hurrying days : Menzies' 1941 diary
The making of politicians : studies from Africa and Asia
Season of fear
Winds of change 1914-1939
Indira Gandhi : a biography
Angela Merkel : Europe's most influential leader
Politics : who gets what, when, how
Way back home
The memoirs of Herbert Hoover : years of adventure 1874-1920
The English girl
Shanghai redemption
Churchill : the life : an authorised pictorial biography
Reflections on the Middle East, 1958-1983 : extracts from the political diary
