http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3192 judgements (legal)
judgements (legal)
Arbitral tribunals and national courts : constant battle or efficient co-operation?
The sentencing commission and its guidelines
Caso Cantos : excepciones preliminares, sentencia de 7 de septiembre de 2001 = Cantos case : preliminary objections, judgment of September 7, 2001
Caso Cantoral Benavides : reparaciones (art. 63.1 de la Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos), sentencia de 3 de diciembre de 2001 = Cantoral Benavides case : reparations (art. 63(1) of the American Convention on Human Rights), judgment of December 3, 2001
No evidence of specific deterrence under penal moderation : imprisonment and recidivism in Finland
One case at a time : judicial minimalism on the supreme court
The execution of Noa P. Singleton : a novel
Caso Barrios Altos (Chumbipuma Aguirre y otros) : interpretación de la sentencia de fondo (art. 67 Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos), sentencia de 3 de septiembre de 2001 = Barrios Altos case (Chumbipuma Aguirre et al.) : interpretaion of the judgment on the merits (art. 67, American Convention on Human Rights), judgment of September 3, 2001
Simulation and automation of legal decisions
Tuesday's child
"This innovative volume explores a fundamental issue in the field of sentencing: the factors which make a sentence more or less severe. All sentencing systems allow courts discretion to consider mitigating and aggravating factors, and many legislatures have placed a number of such factors on a statutory footing. Yet many questions remain regarding the theory and practice of mitigation and aggravation. Drawing on legal and sociological perspectives and examining mitigation and aggravation in various jurisdictions, the essays provide practical illustrations of specific factors as well as theoretical justifications. After the foreword by Andrew von Hirsch, a number of contributors address broad conceptual issues raised at sentencing. These contributions are followed by several empirical chapters including an exploration of personal mitigation in English courts. The authors are leading scholars from a range of common law jurisdictions including England and Wales, the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa"--
American legal realism : skepticism, reform, and the judicial process
Simplication of the European Enforcement Procedure
Legal institutions
"What better gift could today's politician's bequath tomorrows generation?" : a rhetorical analysis of arguments in support of the International Criminal Court in the United Kingdom House of Commons 1998-2001
Encyclopedia of television law shows : factual and fictional series about judges, lawyers and the courtroom, 1948-2008
Concise introduction to EU private international law
The innocent man : murder and injustice in a small town
Criminal policy and sentencing in transition : Finnish and comparative perspectives = Kriminalpolitik und Strafzumessung im Umbruch : Finnische und vergleichende Perspektiven
Problem of the parallel enforcement system in European leniency and the effects of the United States
The aim of the research is to identify what result brings the balancing between the protection of personal data and the protection of intellectual property rights undertaken by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) in its recent jurisprudence. The research should explain three main questions: first, why the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses belong to the personal data. Second, if it would be legitimate to place the liability for identifying and blocking the IPR infringements on the internet service providers only Third, what is the rationale for the position of the CJEU not to accept such claims of IPR holders. The author searches to find out whether the CJEU jurisprudence indicates that there is a certain hierarchy between data protection and IPR protection..
Caso Barrios Altos (Chumbipuma Aguirre y otros) : sentencia de 14 de marzo de 2001 = Barrios Altos case (Chumbipuma Aguirre et al.) : judgment of March 14, 2001
Sentencing and sanctioning in supranational criminal law
The experience of tragic judgment
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
Butcher's trail : how the search for Balkan war criminals became the world's most successful manhunt
Mitigation and aggravation at sentencing
The declaratory judgment
Emmins on criminal procedure
Once a jolly hangman : Singapore justice in the dock
Caso de la "Panel Blanca" (Caso Paniagua Morales y otros), reparaciones (art. 63.1 de la Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos), sentencia de 25 de mayo de 2001 = The "white van" case (Paniagua Morales et al. case), reparations (art. 63(1) of the American Convention on Human Rights), judgment of May 25, 2001.
True story : murder, memoir, mea culpa
"This book takes a first step toward globalizing the history of lynching. Covering fourteen countries and five continents, it demonstrates that lynching has neither been a uniquely American phenomenon, nor did it exclusively target racial and ethnic minorities. But what appears to be common to vigilantism and extralegal punishment around the globe is the ideology of popular justice, the idea that lynching represents a form of communal self-defense against crimes that are unchecked by the state. The multidisciplinary and multiregional approach of this volume will lay the groundwork for a more thorough understanding of mob violence and extralegal punishment in the United States and the world"--Provided by publisher.
Israel and the nations in the Book of Amos
Only the river runs free : a novel
Friedrich Schiller : crime, aesthetics, and the poetics of punishments
The appeal
Kant's philosophies of judgement
The enforcement of the judgments of the European Court of Justice
The origins of reasonable doubt : theological roots of the criminal trial
The supranational system is still under construction and will be so for at least some decades before it can be called a consistent system with an intrinsic logic. Sentencing and sanctioning is one of the issues in which this becomes clear. The ICC-complementarity principle, the principle of legality, the execution of sanctions, and the relation of the supranational system to domestic systems such as the Rwandan gacaca, are all topics to be thoroughly discussed. The uplifting of a penal system from a relatively small community an individual state with relative agreement on basic aspects of punishing, to the mondial, per definition heterogeneous, level, where no such agreement exists, reveals many controversies. Opinions on all aspects of sanctioning differ widely all over the world. What is the proper sanction for a crime against humanity or an act of genocide? And whom to punish? Controversy exists regarding States, children (child soldiers) and mentally incapable offenders as punishable subjects. Questionable also are the goals of the supranational criminal justice system, and whether these goals are achieved. Too often these supranational goals seem to be supra-natural as well. Goals steer the system in choosing the number of accused to be prosecuted and judged and the quality of its proceedings, but also questions such as whether a detainee has the right to be visited by a prostitute. These are some of the questions that are highlighted in this fourth Volume of the Supranational Criminal Law series.
Criminal policy and sentencing in transition : Finnish and comparative perspectives = Kriminalpolitik und Strafzumessung im Umbruch : finnische und vergleichende Perspektiven
Application of principles of European law in the Supreme Court of Estonia
Caso de la "Panel Blanca" (Caso Paniagua Morales y otros), reparaciones (ART. 63.1 de la convencion Americana sobre derechos humanos), sentencia de 25 de mayo de 2001 = The "white van" case (Paniagua Morales et al. case), reparations (ART. 63(1) of the American Convention on human rights), judgment of May 25, 2001.
Deaf to evidence
Russian peasants go to court : legal culture in the countryside 1905-1917
Caso Cesti Hurtado : interpretación de la sentencia de reparaciones (art. 67 de la Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos), sentencia de 27 de noviembre de 2001 = Cesti Hurtado case : interpretation of the judgment on reparations (art. 67 of the American Convention on Human Rights), judgment of November 27, 2001
Contentual differentiation of penalty demands and expectations with regard to justice
Between prison and probation : intermediate punishments in a rational sentencing system
Sentencing in a rational society
Legal issues arising out of Corfu Channel case of 1949
Snitch
Decisions by district courts in civil cases
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Res judicata, estoppel, and foreign judgments : the preclusive effects of foreign judgments in private international law
Courts, prosecution, and conviction
Compendio: julio 2000 - junio 2001 = Compendium: July 2000 - June 2001
Principles of sentencing
Decisions by district courts in criminal cases
Thirst. 4 : The shadow of death
Reform and punishment : the future of sentencing
"Explicit guidance for sentencing decisions, and an explicit rationale to guide them, has been a notable feature of sentence-reform efforts over recent decades. In England and Wales, a system of sentencing guidelines is in place, based on statutory standards and guidelines provided by the Sentencing Council. Meanwhile, an extensive literature on sentencing theory has developed - for example, that based on notions of desert and proportionate sanctions, or on notions of "limiting retributivism" (see von Hirsch and Ashworth 2005FWD-003, chs. 9 and appendix 2)"--
Caso Benjamin y otros : excepciones preliminares, sentencia de 1 de septiembre de 2001 = Benjamin et al. case : preliminary objections, judgment of September 1, 2001
Cross-references in court decisions : a study in comparative legal linguistics
Civil procedure : effects of judgments - res judicata
Execution of judgments of the European Court of Human Rights : effectiveness of the execution control
The national impacts of the decisions of the European court of human rights : the possibility to reverse a legally final judgement
Access to justice : a conceptual and practical analysis with implications for justice reforms
Dark places : a novel
Latvijas Republikas satversmes tiesas spriedumi 2003 = Judgments of the Constitutional court of the Republic of Latvia 2003.
Towards abolition of exequatur in the European judicial area : the European enforcement order
The sentencing process
Nordic and Germanic legal methods : contributions to a dialogue between different legal cultures, with a main focus on Norway and Germany
Disparities in sentencing : causes and solutions : reports presented to the 8. Criminological Colloquium (1987)
Caso Constantine y otros : excepciones preliminares, sentencia de 1 de septiembre de 2001 = Constantine et al. case : prelliminary objections, judgment of September 1, 2001
Caleb Williams
Judging and understanding : essays on free will, narrative, meaning and the ethical limits of condemnation
Consistent denials of review of EU rules in light of the Aarhus Convention by the CJEU : is the EU a laggard in ensuring compatibility with its international obligations?
Quid pro quo? : a comparative law perspective on the mutual recognition of judicial decisions in criminal matters
Hillsborough : the truth
Judicial decision making, sentencing policy, and numerical guidance
A Parody of the Church Service in Seventeenth-Century Finland. Reconstructing Popular Religion on the Basis of Court Records
Guilty wives
Caso Cesti Hurtado : reparaciones (art. 63.1 de la Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos), sentencia de 31 de mayo de 2001 = Cesti Hurtado case : reparations (art. 63(1) of the American Convention on Human Rights), judgment of May 31, 2001
The legal framework of judicial sentencing policy
The innocent man
Ground-Breaking Analysis of Russian Human Rights Activism through the European Court of Human Rights
House of secrets omnibus
Chinese perspectives on international jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in contractual matters : a comparative study of the relevant provisions of Chinese, Swiss, and US law, of the European conventions and of other international treaties
"This book is an alphabetical examination of the nearly 200 shows telecast in the U.S. from 1948 through 2008 involving courtrooms, lawyers and judges, complete with cast and production credits, airdates, detailed synopses and background information. The book includes an introductory overview of law-oriented radio and TV broadcasts from the 1920s to the present"--Provided by publisher.
The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? : History by international criminal trials
Theory of preclusion
Restatement of the law of judgments
Caso Barrios Altos (Chumbipuma Aguirre y otros) : reparaciones (art. 63.1 de la Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos), sentencia de 30 de noviembre de 2001 = Barrios Altos case (Chumbipuma Aguirre et al.) : reparations (art. 63(1) of the American Convention on Human Rights), judgment of Novembre 30, 2001
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
Sentencing and sanctions in western countries
Politics and the courts : toward a general theory of public law
The execution of administrative and judicial decisions in the field of administrative law : recommendation Rec(2003)16 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 9 September 2003 and explanatory memorandum = L'exécution des décisions administratives et juridictionnelles dans le domaine du droit administratif : recommandation Rec(2003)16 adopté par le Comité des Ministres du Conseil de l'Europe le 9 septembre 2003 et exposé des motifs
Simplification of the European Enforcement Procedure
Do you know it when you see it? : a study on the judicial legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights
Popular punishment : on the normative significance of public opinion
The doctrine of res judicata
The persecution of persons with disability and the duty of reasonable accommodation in the European Union’s Refugee Law
Latvijas Republikas satversmes tiesas spriedumi 2004 = Judgments of the Constitutional court of the Republic of Latvia 2004.
Dance with the devil
These things hidden
No one left to tell
Chameleons, unruly horses, golden eagles, and sea dragons : The menagerie of public policy exceptions to recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards in the United States and Europe
With liberty and justice for some ; how the law is used to destroy equality and protect the powerful
Structuring criminal sentences : the evolution of Minnesota's sentencing guidelines
Report from an old locker room of international law
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Case Billerud and the proportionality of the EU ETS excess emissions penalty
Declaratory judgments
Comparing court decisions with qualitative comparative analysis method
The styles of appellate judicial opinions : a case study in comparative law
Caso Durand y Ugarte : reparaciones (art. 63.1 de la Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos), sentencia de 3 de diciembre de 2001 = Durand and Ugarte case : reparations (art. 63(1) of the American Convention on Human Rights), judgment of December 3, 2001
Caso de la Comunidad Mayagna (Sumo) Awas Tingni : sentencia de 31 de agosto de 2001 = The case of the Mayagna (Sumo) Awas Tingni Community : judgment of August 31, 2001
Alternative sentencing, intermediate sanctions and probation
Civil appeal procedures worldwide
Evan only knows
The margin of appreciation and the European Court of Human Rights : case law relating to the Latvian nationality problem
Fundamentals of sentencing theory : essays in honour of Andrew von Hirsch
Dark places
"I find the defendant (most likely) quilty" : compensating uncertainty in judicial decision making in child sexual abuse cases
The legal and practical effects of judgments in matters of administrative law : national report from Finland
The racketeer
The trial on trial. Volume 2, Judgment and calling to account
Democratization of justice : the selection of judges as a problem of legal ethics and the separation of powers
Exceptions: prosecution of IDF soldiers during and after the second intifada, : 2000-2007
The clash between protection of personal data and protection of intellectual property rights in the CJUE jurisprudence
Trends in civil jury verdicts since 1985
Truth, error, and criminal law : an essay in legal epistemology
Justice, not impunity
Punishment : the supposed justifications
Wild justice : the evolution of revenge
Verdict according to conscience : perspectives on the English criminal trial jury, 1200-1800
My beloved child
Sentencing matters
Globalizing lynching history : vigilantism and extralegal punishment from an international perspective
Life after death : eighteen years on death row
Caso de los "niños de la calle" (caso Villagrán Morales y otros) : reparaciones (art. 63.1 de la Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos) : sentencia de 26 de mayo de 2001 = The "street children" case (Villagrán Morales et al. case) : reparations (art. 63(1) of the American Convention on Human Rights) : judgment of May 26, 2001
Previous convictions at sentencing : theoretical and applied perspectives
Sentencing and criminal justice
Res judicata : a handbook on its theory, doctrine, and practice
Sentencing : theory, law and practice
