http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3191 combustion (alteration)
combustion (alteration)
Joint meeting of the British and French Sections : Hôteldes Sociétés Savantes Rouen, France 17-21 April 1989.
The purpose of this thesis was to monitor the winter test of John Deere tractors. The number of tractors in the test was three, two of which were operating at the same time. The purpose of the winter test was to monitor the operation of tractors in cold and snowy conditions, as well as tasks that can not be executed in Central Europe. The test examined the entire operation of the tractor, but the main focus was on the new engine technology. The goal was to conduct the test without great difficulties and produce as much feedback as possible, as well as suggestions for improvement to the factory. The idea was also to provide technical support to the customer or the service in order to keep the tractors at work for as many hours as possible. The test operators were guided to give as much feedback as possible such as improvement suggestions or defects in tractors. The theoretical part deals with the reduction of emissions in diesel engines. The thesis also presents a technology that was selected for the John Deere engines to meet the new emission standards. The test result was a variety of failures and problems, as well as reports and solutions. John Deere require typical engine load profiles in applications that can be executed in Finland, which for example due to the circumstances, cannot be executed in Central Europe. Applications were monitored for engine activity such as potential heating problems, passive regeneration efficiency and exhaust gas temperature management system. This study evaluated the risks which the tasks may cause to the machine. The most important point to monitor was the engine operation in cold starts. The load profiles and engine activity tracking was contucted by measuring the ECU values. The measurement was performed by a laptop, which was connected to the tractor bus. The computer had a program for measuring the ECU, called DevX.
Market conditions for commercial distribution of biogas as transportation fuel
Performance of a small and a medium sized professional chippers and the impact of storage time on Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stem wood chips characteristics
Eddy break-up based models for industrial diffusion flames with complex gas phase chemistry
Improving the aerodynamics of a cooling system of a Formula Student car
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
Chemistry in combustion processes. Part 1, Fundamentals
Chemistry in processes. Part 2 b, Applications : lectures
Biofuels : alternative feedstocks and conversion processes
Study on soot and other refractory components from various combustion processes
The requirements for wood based biomass raw material in different bioenergy processes and biomass properties and logistics
Bioethanol Potential of Preserved Biowaste
Designing wood carbonizer : for Sisä-Savon Metallipörssi Oy
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Hydrogen fuel cell vehicle and a stand-alone renewable energy-based refuelling station
Socio-technical risk governance through dyadic risk dialogue : copper corrosion as a safety challenge in the geological disposal of spent nuclear fuel
The winter test of John Deere tractors with final tier 4 technology = [John Deere traktorien talvitesti final tier 4 teknologialla]
Combustion properties of laboratory made cooking liquors
Handbuilding : pottery masterclass : practical techniques for handbuilding and making moulds in modern ceramics
Bio-fuels - fuel preparation, combustion technologies and scope for utilisation : [14th Topic Oriented Technical Meeting, 21st and 30th September 1999 Växjö University Sweden]
High temperature combustion research for industry results from the IFRF Research Station : 13th Topic Oriented Technical Meeting, 21st and 22nd April 1999 Hotel Akersloot, Akersloot, The Netherlands
Dynamic leach testing of low-  and medium-pH injection grouts to be used in deep repositories : cementitious materials in deep geological repositories
Construction of nuclear power and extension to a final disposal repository for spent nuclear fuel
Smoke firing : contemporary artists and approaches
Experimental study of local flow structures in a 2D bubbling fluidized bed cold model
Proceedings of the Mediterranean Combustion Symposium : Antalya, Turkey, June 20 - 25, 1999
Saccharomyces cerevisiae hiivan ksyloosifermentaation tehostaminen.
Surfaces, glazes & firing
Fire protection handbook. Volume 2, sections 12-21
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
British Flame Days 1988 : furnace combustion research and its applications
Combustion : a study in theory, fact and application
Pottery : the essential manual
Assessing the sustainability of liquid biofuels from evolving technologies : a Finnish approach
Three day topic oriented technical meeting : "Waste incineration technology" (TOTeM5) :1st, 2nd,3rd October 1991, Sheraton Nicolaus Hotel, Bari, Italy
Characterisation and treatment of waste incineration bottom ash and leachate
Combustion : physical and chemical fundamentals, modeling and simulation, experiments, pollutant formation
"Combustion involves change in the chemical state of a substance from a fuel-state to a product-state via chemical reaction accompanied by release of heat energy. Design or performance evaluation of equipment also requires knowledge of the RATE of change of state. This rate is governed by the laws of thermodynamics and by the empirical sciences of heat and mass transfer, chemical kinetics and fluid dynamics. Theoretical treatment of combustion requires integrated knowledge of these subjects and strong mathematical and numerical skills.ANALYTIC COMBUSTION is written for advanced undergraduates, graduate students and professionals in mechanical, aeronautical, and chemical engineering. Topics were carefully selected and presented to facilitate learning with emphasis on effective mathematical formulations and solution strategies. The book features over 60 solved numerical problems and analytical derivations and nearly 145 endof- chapter exercise problems. The presentation is gradual starting from Thermodynamics of Pure and Mixture substances, Chemical Equilibrium, building to a uniquely strong chapter on Application Case-Studies"--
Essentials of Energy Technology : Sources, Transport, Storage and Conservation
Analysis of black liquor single droplet combustion data
Pottery : a complete guide to pottery-making techniques
Microalgal cultivation and utilization in sustainable energy production
Quantitative analysis of PM10 emission sources in Härmälä small combustion area
British-French Flame Days 1998 : Control of flames and combustion processes, 29th and 30th October 1998 Guernsey, Channel Island
Biogas in Vietnam : a proposed business model in biogas sector
Powerplants of future
Raku : investigations into fire
First biennial meeting, 18th to 20th April 2001, Chalmers University of Technology, Göteborg, Sweden
Fifteenth symposium [international] on combustion : at the Toshi center hall, Tokyo, Japan, Aug. 25-31, 1974
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
Application of cellulosic liquefaction fuel (CLF) and fatty acid methyl ester (FAME) blends for diesel engine
Effect of repeated fertilizer application on the nutrient status and biomass production of salix 'Aquatica' plantations on cut-away peatland areas
Combustion engineering issues for solid fuel systems
Municipal Solid Waste Incineration For Accra Brewery Limited (Ghana)
Fuels, Energy, and the Environment / Ghazi A. Karim
Human health and forests : a global overview of issues, practice, and policy
A book of pottery : from mud into immortality
Sixteenth Symposium [international] on Combustion : at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Mass., Aug. 15-20, 1976
Third Symposium on Combustion and Flame and Explosion Phenomena
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
Industrial furnaces and boilers : proceedings of the 4th European Conference : 1-4 April, Espinho-Porto, Portugal
The future of combustion in industry : efficiency and environment : proceedings of the 10th members conference
Single droplet burning behavior of pulping spent liquors
Quantitative Characterization of Biogas Quality : A Study of Biogas Quality at Stormossen Oy
Transport System of Imported Liquefied Natural Gas in Vietnam : Case: PetroVietnam Gas Corporation
Woodburning project & pattern treasury : create your own pyrography art with 70 mix-and-match designs
Combustion of solid fuels : a one week intensive course 19-23 September 1988 Leeuwenhorst Congress Centre Noordwijkerhout, the Netherlands
Finnish-Swedish Flame Days 2002 : adapting combustion technology to new fuels and fuel mixtures 24-25 September 2002, Rantasipi Tropilandica Hotel, Vaasa, Finland
Raku mastering : making ware, glazes, building kilns, firing
Eighteenth Symposium [international] on Combustion : at the  University of Waterloo, Waterloo, Canada, August 17-22, 1980
A conceptual model of DI diesel combustion based on laser-sheet imaging
Laboratory studies on combustibility of black liquors
An analysis of swelling during the combustion of pulping liquor droplets
Joint meeting of the heat transfer (17th meeting) and oil (18th meeting) panels
Tweny-first  Symposium [international] on Combustion : at the Technical University of Munich West Germany, August 3-8, 1986
Twenty-third  Symposium [international] on Combustion : at the University of Orléans, Orléans France , July 22-27, 1990
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
Schaum's outline of thermodynamics for engineers
Rotor pilot project on M/S Estraden of Bore fleet
Behavior of black liquor nitrogen in combustion : formation of cyanate
Chemical equilibrium in flue gas scrubbers and in aqueous solutions of combustion residues
Tenth Symposium [International] on Combustion at the University of Cambridge, Cambridge, England August 17 to 21,  1964.
Pulsed laser induced photoacoustic spectroscopy as a diagnostic tool in combustion
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2016.
Kiln construction : a brick by brick approach
Seventeenth Symposium [international] on Combustion : at the University of Leeds, Leeds England  August 20-25, 1978
Stump removal to control root rot in forest stands : a literature study
Experimental study of solids mixing in a 2D fluidized bed cold model
Electrical heater for charge air conditioning on a research engine
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
Combustion characteristics of a Dual Fuel diesel engine with natural gas : (study with fatty acid methyl esters used as ignition fuels)
Sustainable bioenergy production - an integrated approach
Kinetic modelling of gas phase nitrogen chemistry in combustion
Measurements of the flow field of a cyclone and cyclone combuster
Chemistry in processes. Part 1, Fundamentals : lectures
Equilibrium distribution of trace elements in combustion processes
Monitoring of small-scale biomass combustion processes
Three day topic oriented technical meeting (TOTeM2) : 21st, 22nd, 23rd May 1990 Instiut Français du Pétrole Rueil Malmaison France
Energy : the basics
Sixth Symposium [International] on Combustion at Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut, August 19 - 24, 1956.
Wood burning with Sue Walters : rural scenes
Solid wood-based fuels in energy production in Finland
Stoneware & porcelain : the art of high-fired pottery
Market analysis of second-generation bioethanol in Vietnam : implication for business options
Round Robin on biomass fuel and ash analysis
Alternative energy for dummies®
Analysis of procurement processes and volumes
Traditional fossil fuels such as diesel and gasoline have been dominating the transport fuel industry for decades. However in a situation where policies and agreements on reducing greenhouse emissions and increasing the use of renewable energy are made, it is likely that sustainable sources of energy will be increasing their market share, eventually completely or partly replacing fossil energy sources. The commissioner of this thesis operates a local biogas plant. The plant processes organic waste to produce biogas which can be refined into a transport fuel. The commissioner is planning on starting commercial distribution of biogas as a transport fuel in the year 2016. The aim of this thesis was to study and analyze the overall market conditions of biogas as transport fuel and provide recommendations on what marketing activities should be implemented by the commissioner. Thesis was made by conducting a secondary research using the available written sources and the access to industry knowledge acquired by of the commissioner. The marketing recommendations were made after conducting multiple strategic analyses, applying theory of B2B marketing, and taking notice of the realities and resources of a relatively small company. As a conclusion of this study, the commissioner was recommended to implement organized personal selling activities with the support of well-designed owned, earned and paid media. Relationship marketing practices should be implemented in order to maximize customer retention. The overall strategy of how and where to sell the product should be precisely decided, and some strategic insight and findings which were made during the research process are also presented in the report.
Measuring the combustion properties of black liquors by different techniques
Experimental study of bubble interaction in a 2D bubbling fluidized bed cold model
Handbook of diesel engines
Environmental impact of household biogas plants in India : local and global perspective
Gasoline engine with direct injection : processes, systems, development, potential
The disposal of municipal solid waste (MWS) is a  growing problem worldwide because of the increasing  volume of the waste and the negative impact on the  environment, health and safety. Among the combustion  and incineration technologies, fluidized  bed combustion is becoming more popular because of  its ability to handle a variety of waste and  advantages in controlling emission. However,in  the high moisture content wastes with low  calorific value, co-firing wastes with a  supplementary fuel such as coal is being tried in  many industrial and utility boilers. In order to  ensure that these co-firing facilities are properly  designed and operated, a fundamental understanding  of the co-combustion phenomena including its  dynamical characteristics must be established. It  is for this reason a basic study on the co-  combustion of MSW and lignite in a fluidized bed is  proposed. The objectives of this book are to  investigate the effect of main operating parameters  on combustion characteristics, to quantify the  fluctuating characteristics during steady-state  operation using statistical analysis and to create  a linear model obtained from input-output analysis. / Kustantajan esittely.
Sustainable biodiesel production from microalgae cultivated with piggery wastewater
Fuel flexible energy generation : solid, liquid and gaseous fuels
Bioenergy in Europe : implementation of EU directives and policies relating to bioenergy in Europe and RD&D priorities for the future
"Status of computer fluid dynamics as a tool for combustion engineering" : [20th Topic Oriented Technical Meeting, June 11th and 12th 2002 Hotel Akersloot, Akersloot, The Netherlands]
Three-dimensional modeling of biomass fuel flow in a circulating fluidized bed furnace
Land acquisitions and foreign direct investment - challenges and opportunities for developing countries : case study of Kisarawe District, Tanzania; focusing small scale farmers
Fuels 2009 : mineral oil based and alternative fuels, 7th International colloquium [fuels], January 14 -15, 2009, [Ostfildern-Nellingen, Germany]
Process steam systems : a practical guide for operators, maintainers, and designers
Combustion in engines and combustion kinetics : Fifth Symposium [International] on Combustion at the University of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, August 30 - September 3, 1954.
The first generation biodiesel : the effects of raw material on physical properties, oxidation stability and emissions
Summary.
Biohydrogen : for future engine fuel demands
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
Numerical modelling of heavy fuel combustion
Ten-year results from operational broadcast burning trials in northwestern British Columbia
A prediction model prototype for estimating optimal storage duration and sorting
Variation of Air Pollutant Concentrations in Residential Areas of the Helsinki Metropolitan Region
Sewage Sludge Treatment for Energy Purpose in China : Waste Treatment in China
Fate of some trace elements in fluidised-bed combustion and gasification processes
Twenty-seventh  Symposium [international] on Combustion : at  the University of Colorado at Boulder, Boulder, Colorado, USA , Aug. 2-7, 1998
Fourth Symposium (international) on Combustion : combustion and detonation waves : at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Mass., Sept. 1-5, 1952
Seventh Symposium [International] on Combustion at London and Oxford, 28 August 3 September, 1958.
Fundamentals of air pollution engineering
Application of mathematical modelling to full scale industrial processes : status and needs for sub-models : 12th Topic Oriented Technical Meeting, 27th and 28th October 1998 Guernsey, Channel Islands
Catalysis in electrochemistry : from fundamental aspects to strategies for fuel cell development
Waste-to-energy : technologies and project implementation
2nd European Conference on Industrial Furnaces and Boilers, proceedings, Vilamoura, Algarve, Portugal, 2-5 April, [1991]. Vol. 2, Poster session
Three day topic oriented technical meeting (TOTeM1) : 17-18-19 October 1989, Royal Dutch Shell Laboratories Amsterdam the Metherlands
The Leipzig fire trial : speeches, letters, documents
Thiertieth International Symposium on Combustion : University of Illinois at  Chicago, USA July 25-30, 2004
Biomass combustion science, technology and engineering
Twentieth Symposium [international] on Combustion : at the University of Michigan Ann Arbor, Michigan, August 12-17, 1984
Fluidized bed combustion and identification : co-combustion of municipal solid waste and lignite
Ninth Symposium [International] on Combustion at Cornell University Itacha, New York August 27 to September 1, 1962.
Twenty-fourth Symposium [international] on Combustion : at the University of Sydney, Sydney, Australia, July 5-10, 1992
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
Fire protection handbook. Volume 1, sections 1-11
Future transport power sources : executive summary
Biofore / : UPM's stakeholder magazine
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Synthesis of single and mixed metal oxides for VOCs oxidation
Proceedings of the Anglo-German Combustion Symposium 1993 : held at Queens' College, Cambridge, 29th March to 2nd April, 1993 ; [joint meeting]
Dynamic modeling of a BioGrate boiler
Three day topic oriented technical meeting : "IRFR Triennial Planning 1995-1997 and Future Flame Research" (TOTeM9) 26th, 27th, 28th April 1994 Hotel Haarlem Zuid, Haarlem, The Netherlands
Eighth Symposium [International] on Combustion at the California Institute of Technology Pasadena, California August 28 - September 3, 1960.
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
Civil aviation carbon dioxide emissions in China
How sustainable biofuel business really is? : Today's issues on biofuel production
Twelfth Symposium [International] on Combustion at the University of Poitiers, Poitiers, France, July 14 to 20,  1968.
Ash and deposit formation in utility boilers : [15th Topic Oriented Technical Meeting, 26th, 27th and 28th June 2000 held at the Technical University of Denmark. Toxic metals and fine particles from combustion : 16th Topic Oriented Technical Meeting, 26th, 27th and 28th June 2000 held at the Technical University of Denmark
Twenty-sixth  Symposium [international] on Combustion : at  Università Frederica II Napoli Campi Phlegraci, Italy, July 28-August 2, 1996
Sludge treatment and disposal
Ceramic technology for potters and sculptors
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
International Clean Coal Technology Symposium on PFBC, July 26-28, 1994, Kitakyusyu International Conference Center, Kitakyushu-city Japan
An introduction to combustion : concepts and applications
CODE : technology programme for modelling of combustion processes   : technical review 1999-2002
Advanced combustion for low emissions and high efficiency: a literary review of HCCI combustion concepts
2nd European Conference on Industrial Furnaces and Boilers, proceedings, Vilamoura, Algarve, Portugal, 2-5 April, [1991]. Vol. 1, Oral sessions
Twenty-fifth  Symposium [international] on Combustion : at the University of California Irvine, California, July 31-August 5, 1994
Enhancement of biomass and lipid production of microalgae in mixed populations in waste water  : suitability to wastewater purification and biomass and lipid
Analytic combustion : with thermodynamics, chemical kinetics and mass transfer
Conversion Of An Ordinary Car To Fuel-cell Vehicle
Advanced power generation : Tenth Topic Oriented Technical Meeting, 28th, 29th and 30th September 1994 Koningshof Congress Center Veldhoven,The Netherlands
Twenty-second  Symposium [international] on Combustion : at the University of Washington Seattle, WA. USA , August 14-19, 1988
A Fuel Cell Application and Beijing Air Pollution Control
In a field as wide ranging and dynamic as fire protection, staying current with the latest research, technology, and safety practices is as challenging as it is essential. The fully updated, new 20th edition FPH® provides state-of-the-art, in-depth coverage of every aspect of fire protection so you can eliminate knowledge gaps, avoid errors, and maintain your competitive edge. Two volumes with 3,500 pages cover the total spectrum of fire protection issues; 211 chapters, including 25 that are brand new to this edition, reflect the latest knowledge and tactics; 254 leading authorities provide answers and solutions on demand; Added chapters on Premises Security, Protecting Againgst Extreme Events, Flammability Hazard of Materials, and Strategies for Occupant Evacuation During Emergencies improve your ability to protect lives and property; Thousands of visuals -- including 500 added photos, tables, charts, illustrations, and diagrams -- aid comprehension.
Woodburning basics
Fourteenth Symposium [International] on Combustion at the Pennsylvania State University , Uiversity Park, Pennsylvania August 20-25,  1972.
Converting a 90 ́s Nissan 200SX into a Flexible Fuel Vehicle.
Comparison of wood based energy related policies in Russia and Finland : case study of the Republic of Karelia and North Karelia
Effect of injection pressure on ignition, flame development and soot formation processes of biodiesel fuel spray
Solid fuels utilisation and environment : a three days intensive course 25th-27th August 1992 Lohusalo Hotel, Lohusalu Estonia
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
Biohydrogen production : a protein to community level perspective study
Swedish-Finnish Flame Days 1993 : 7-8 September 1993, Panorama Hotel Göteborg, Sweden
The Research and Development of Garbage Burning Power
Organochloro compounds in the stack emission
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
Twenty-Eighth International Symposium on Combustion : University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, Scotland July 30-August 4, 2000
Decorative or outrageous : the significance of the Common Reed (Phragmites australis) on water quality
IFRF handbook : January 1990, IJmuiden the Netherlands
Three day topic oriented technical meeting : "IFRF Triennial Planning 1992-1994 and future flame research" (TOTeM4) : 9th, 10th, 11th April 1991 Carlton Square Hotel, Haarlem, The Netherlands
Modeling of black liquor droplet combustion
Seminar on black liquor combustion : February 24-25, 1988, Lappeenranta, Finland
The primary aim of this study was to clarify the chipping productivity and fuel consumption of tractor-powered and truck-mounted drum chippers when chipping pine pulpwood at a terminal. The secondary aim was to evaluate the impact of wood storage time on the chemical and physical technical specifications of wood chips by chipping pulpwood from eight different storage time groups, using Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) pulpwood stems logged between 2 and 21 months previously at the terminal with the above-mentioned chippers. Thirdly, the impact of sieve mesh size on the particle size distribution of wood chips from different age groups was compared by using an 80 mm × 80 mm sieve for a tractor-powered chipper and a 100 mm × 100 mm sieve for a truck-mounted chipper. With both chippers, the chipping productivity grew as a function of grapple load weight. The average chipping productivity of the tractor-powered chipper unit was 19 508 kg (dry mass) per effective hour (E0h), and for the truck-mounted chipper the average productivity was 31 184 kg E0h-1. The tractor-powered drum chipper's fuel consumption was 3.1 litres and for the truck-mounted chipper 3.3 litres per chipped 1000 kg (dry mass). The amount of extractives or volatiles did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences between storage time groups. The particle size distributions with both chippers were quite uniform, and the storage time of pulpwood did not have a significant effect on the particle size distribution in any chip size classes. One reason for this might be that the basic density of chipped wood was homogenous and there was no statistical difference between different storage times. The use of new sharp knives is likely to have affected chip quality, as witnessed by the absence of oversized particles and the moderate presence of fines. The use of narrower 80 mm × 80 mm sieves on Scots pine material does not seem to offer any benefit compared to 100 mm × 100 mm from the chip quality point of view..
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
Trace metal emissions from the combustion of Estonian oil shale : quantities, formation mechanisms and reduction aspects
Eleventh Symposium [International] on Combustion at the University of California, Berkeley, California August 14 to 20,  1966.
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Community divided : adaptation and aversion towards the spent nuclear fuel repository in Eurajoki and its neighbouring municipalities
Signal correlations in biomass combustion : an information theoretic analysis
Fouling and slagging resulting from impurities in combustion gases : proceedings of the 1981 Engineering Foundation Conference held July 12-177 at New England College, Henniker, New Hampshire
FUEL CELLS IN ENERGY PRODUCTION
Protective spinel coatings for solid oxide fuel cell interconnectors by thermal spray processes : from conventional dry powder to novel solution precursor thermal spraying
High temperature air combustion : the quest for zero emissions in industrial furnace : papers and posters presented during the 25th Topic Oriented Technical Meeting, TOTeM25, IFRF, 23rd-24th October 2003
Catalytic reduction of NO by CO : experimental determination of kinetics over three solid samples from CFB boilers
Nineteenth Symposium [international] on Combustion : at the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology Haifa, Israel, August 8-13, 1982
Creative pottery : a step-by-step guide and showcase
Proceedings of the Japanese Flame Days '87 : 18th and 19th June 1987
Sandia combustion research : technical review
Thirteenth Symposium [International] on Combustion at the University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah August 23-29,  1970.
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 6/2014 : gross and net calorific values in fuels
On optimization of simulation based design
Experimental study of flow patterns in a 2D turbulent fluidized bed cold model
Dynamic thermal modelling of a recovery smelt bed
Biofuels adoption in Nigeria : analysis of sustainability and policy issues
The use of lignocellulosic biomass for fermentative butanol production in biorefining processes
The chemistry and melting behaviour of fly ash deposits in co-combustion of green liquor sludge and spruce bark : global equilibrium calculations
The role of gas-solid drag force in CFD modeling of fluidization
PM10 means particulate matter where each particle has a diameter of 10 μm or less. PM10 not only  correlates strongly with residents' disease, cancer and death, but is also relevant to global climate  change, atmospheric photochemical smog, acid deposition and ozone depletion and other major issues.  (赵琦,2007: 4)  This investigation was implemented by Tampere University of Applied Sciences and Environmental  Services of Tampere during May 2009. The area for the experiment was HÄRMÄLÄ. This final thesis will  concentrate on one specific week's data from May 11th to May 17th 2009.  After analysing it, we will predicate possible reasons which lead to PM10 pollution in order to improve  measurement methods and also improve the software and applications in the ELPI (Electrical Low  Pressure Impactor) machine. However, we collected and organized half a year's data.  In our project, we analyzed the mass concentration of PM10 measured by ELPI (Electrical Low Pressure  Impactor) affected by the number of combustion sources( sauna and wood heating as well as other  heating methods) in different blocks in the HÄRMÄLÄ area.  The data handling processes mainly require a high standard of Excel graphical presentation skills. And it  also needs innovation methods with a knowledge of physics, math, and software skills. All the data  handling processes in my thesis use Excel and other software tools instead of a calculator. So the  results are quite accurate. The appendix will not be published, because the information is confidential.  Due to limited time, there might be mistakes and errors. I appreciate that the reader could provide advice  and suggestions. And I would like to discuss any topic related to my final thesis.  My email address: zhouyou1227@hotmail.com
Aerosol formation and effect in biomass combustion and gasification
Advanced solid fuel characterization for reactivity and physical property comparison
Medium speed engine application of a piezo electric actuated fuel injection valve
Simon Leach's pottery handbook
Improvement of xylose fermentation of Saccharomyces cerevisiae
Industrial and process furnaces : principles, design and operation
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
Recycling of biomass ashes / Heribert Insam, Brigitte A. Knapp (editors)
Formation of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in the waste combustion
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon emissions from residental wood combustion
Making cars more fuel efficient : technology for real improvements on the road
Burning women : widows, witches, and early modern European travelers in India
