http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3199 early retirement pensions
early retirement pensions
European coal and steel community : redeployment aid for workers
Economic incentives and labour market transitions of the aged Finnish workforce
Finnish labour market policy in trial : evaluation on the 1980's
The effectiveness of vocationally oriented medical rehabilitation (ASLAK®) amongst public sector employees
Preretirement in the Nordic countries in a European context
The many faces of the national programme on ageing workers : the concluding report on the programme
Associations of SF-36 mental health functioning and work and family related factors with intentions to retire early among employees
Intentions of early retirement and continuing to work among middle-aged and older employees
Let's make a deal : the impact of social security provisions and firm liabilities on early retirement
Early retirement policy in the presence of competing exit pathways : evidence form policy reformers in Finland
Institutional rules, labour demand and disability programme participation
Race for retirement
Down from the heavens, up from the ashes : the Finnish economic crisis of the 1990s in the light of economic and social research
Income benefits for early exit from the labour market in eight European countries : a comparative study
The time is right? : early retirements and use of time by older Finns
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
The sense of life control and thoughts of early retirement
Adequate and sustainable pensions : joint report by the Commission and the Council
The national programme on ageing workers : evaluation
Older workers in the labour market and outside : national programme on ageing workers : implementation report 1999 by an expert group
Unemployment and early retirements of the aged workers in Finland
Time for retirement : comparative studies in early exit from the labor force
Early retirement
Assessing the effects of early retirement programs
Institutional rules, labour demand and retirement through disability programme participation
Early retirement as a transitional process
Early retirement and use of time by older Finns
Regulating employment and welfare : company and national policies of labour force participation at the end of worklife in industrial countries
Older workers at the crossroads : early retirement in Finland
Experience of early exit : a comparative study of the reasons for and consequences of early retirement in Finland and Denmark in 1999-2000
Work, sickness, earnings, and early exits from the labor market : an empirical analysis using Swedish Longitudial data
Alternatives for welfare policy : coping with internationalisation and demographic change
Executive summary (s. 15-17). - Sammanfattning (s. 19-21). - Tiivistelmä (s. 23-26). - Ágrip (s. 27-29).
Welfare and work in the open economy. Vol. 2, Diverse responses to common challenges
To search or not to search? : the effects of UI benefit extension for the elderly unemployed
European economy. Reports and studies. 1998, 3, Income benefits for early exit from the labour market in eight European countries - a comparative study
Not so voluntary retirement decisions? : evidence from a pension reform
Early exit from the labour market through the unemployment pathway in Finland
Aging and Work : international scientific symposium on aging and work : 28-30 May 1992, Haikko, Finland
Changing work and retirement : social policy and the older worker
Pensions : challenges and reforms
Navigating through the Finnish pension system
The ageing and the labor market in the Nordic countries : a literature review
Mental health functioning (SF-36) and intentions to retire early among ageing municipal employees : the Helsinki Health Study
Predictors of disability retirement : from early intentions to retirement
Summary (s. 6-9).
Abstract (1 s.).
The many faces of the National Programme on Ageing Workers : the concluding report on the programme
The labour market and older workers
Are individuals who are active and doing household work prone to retire earlier : evidence from time user survey of older Finns
Essays on discrimination, welfare and labor supply
Retirement in the Nordic countries : prospects and proposals for reform
