http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3194 legal finality
legal finality
Individual enforcement of Community law : the future of the Francovich remedy
Labour reallocation in transition countries : efficiency, restructuring and institutions
Death note : black edition. III : [contains volumes 5 & 6]
The round house
Legitimacy and legality in international law : an international account
The freedom to provide services under EC law and the general agreement on trade services : a comparative analysis
China's political system : modernization and tradition
Child labour : policy options
European Union citizenship in focus
Fundamental rights in the European space for freedom, security and justice : the Prætorian ne bis in idem principle of the court of justice
Underfed, underpaid and overlooked : women, the key to food security in South Asia
Protecting migrant workers' human rights : a trade union view
Terror in the balance : security, liberty, and the courts
EU employment law : from Rome to Amsterdam and beyond
Labour market flexibility : a conparative anthology
Uncertainties surrounding customary international law - reflections on current debates on the use of force
Death note. Vol. 11, Kindred spirit
Prison labor and convict competition with free workers in industrializing America, 1840-1890
Human rights : concept and standards
The police in DRC are indeed a permanent domestic risk. The lack of policy, service or management regime for the acquisition of equipment explains the deficient, dilapidated, obsolete and very often inappropriate equipment. Moreover, police units have very weak operational capacity and police officers lack self-confidence and pride in their profession. These shabbily dressed men and women in faded uniforms daily develop an indifferent attitude towards their profession and work in general. Inefficient and ineffective, the Congolese policeforce is wholly demoralised and unprofessional. This has negatively affected the relationship between police and population. It has led to the withdrawal of people's cooperation, a must for successful police work and for meeting people's expectations.
An axiom of military law : applicability of national criminal law to military personnel and associated civilians abroad
International law. Vol. 5, International law in and of war
From internal market regulation to European labour law
The new Silk Road, a glimpse to China's regime?
The role of European naval forces after Cold War
Social security of migrant workers in the European union : general principles
UEFA's homegrown player rule in the light of EU law
Death note. Vol. 13, How to read
Concurrent national and international criminal jurisdiction and the principle of ne bis in idem. Finland
Redundancy and the Swedish model : Swedish collective agreements on employment security in a national and international context
Indian areas threatened by hydroelectric projects in Brazil
Children's human rights : progress and challenges for children worldwide
Status of military forces under current international law
Revisiting children's rights : 10 years of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child
"This new edition has been fully revised and updated to include the contemporary issues together with new cases delivered by international courts and tribunals, such as the ICJ, ITLOS and Arbitral Tribunals, treaties, UN resolutions, and other instruments. It retains the clear chapter structure of the first edition, but has expanded the topics on marine spaces beyond national jurisdiction, maritime delimitation, protection of the marine environment. A new concluding chapter has also been included and presents a perspective on the future development of the international law of the sea. Detailed footnotes and further reading sections, combined with illustrations and tables ensure understanding of the subject. By offering clarity of expression and academic rigour, The International Law of the Sea remains the best choice for students"--
Res judicata, estoppel, and foreign judgments : the preclusive effects of foreign judgments in private international law
Labor and employment law in the United States
Child labour in a globalized world : a legal analysis of ILO action
Indigenous and tribal peoples and the ILO
Trade union rights as human rights for migrant workers and the limitations under current implementation mechanism with case study of United Kingdom
Environment, human rights and international trade
Negotiating solidarity : collective actions for precarious migrant workers' rights in Sweden
European labour law
Civil procedure : effects of judgments - res judicata
The ethics of law enforcement and criminal punishment
Temporary employment businesses : general problems ; specific problems relating to legal or illegal hiring out of workers across borders
Human sacrifice in Jewish and Christian tradition
European Community law and civil remedies in England and Wales
Translating politico-juridical texts in the context of war and conflict : a self-reflective study on Hebrew-Finnish translation
Beyond employment : changes in work and the future of labour law in Europe
Death note : black edition. 1 : contains volumes 1 & 2
Implementation of the Helsinki accords : hearing before the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe ; Ninety-ninth Congress ; first session ; Soviet forced labor practices, August 15, 1985, Buffalo, NY
Employers' prerogatives : in a European and Nordic perspective
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2007
Work and citizenship in the new Europe : [papers presented at the International Conference on the Quality of Citizenship]
From forced flexibility to forced labour : the exploitation of migrant workers in Finland
Can Germany be saved? : the malaise of the world's first welfare state
Human rights and refugees, internally displaced persons and migrant workers : essays in memory of Joan Fitzpatrick and Arthur Helton
Getting equal : labour market regulation and women's work
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao. 9 (2011) = Annual report on China's rule of law. 9 (2011)
Theory of preclusion
Union citizens - free movement and non-discrimination
International children's rights
The role of information in the realization of the human rights of migrant workers : progress report of the joint study
Annulment of an administrative act and the protection of legitimate expectations in EU-law
Enforcement of international arbitral awards in the midst of complex boundaries and exceptions : what is the extent of their impact?
Res judicata and collateral estoppel : tools for plaintiffs and defendants
The doctrine of res judicata
Children's rights : reality or rhetoric? : the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child : the first ten years
The People's Republic of China after 50 years
Global labor standards and local freedoms
Nationality, migration rights and citizenship of the Union
Textbook on EC law
Fundamental rights of migrants in an irregular situation in the European Union
Death note : black edition. V : [contains volumes 9 & 10]
The general principles of EEC law and the individual
Death note : black edition. 2 : contains volumes 3 & 4
Human rights and violence : the hope and the fear of the liberal world
European community law
Children of other worlds : exploitation in the global market
The Doctrine of Res Judicata
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of legal science. Vol. 16, Civil procedure
Cyber operations and the use of force in international law
The consolidated asylum and migration acquis : the EU directives in an expanded Europe
The legal and practical effects of judgments in matters of administrative law : national report from Finland
Building a police force "for the good" in DR Congo : questions that still haunt reformers and reform beneficiaries
Thirty years of free movement of workers in Europe : proceedings of the conference, Brussels, 17 to 19 December 1998
Judicial review in new democracies : constitutional courts in Asian cases
Child labour
The social dimension of the European Community
Economics of labor and employment law
The international law of the sea
Promoting immigrants' democratic participation and integration
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
Res judicata : a handbook on its theory, doctrine, and practice
Regulating for decent work : new directions in labour market regulation
