http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3209 experiences (knowledge)
experiences (knowledge)
Children's and parents' experiences on everyday life and the home/work balance in Finland
Abstract: This study explores the conditions of good work in IT consultancy business. The objectives of the study are to find the attributes that employees consider important for good work in an IT consultancy business, and to examine the present conditions in the case company for the good work as well as how the likelihood for good work could be improved.    The concept of good work is used as a framework for this study and supported by the model for engagement and the factors affecting it. The model is built on the theory of motivation and the experience of flow as seen from the individual's perspective as well as the theory of positive deviance and transformational leadership, as seen from the organization's socio cultural point of view. In the literature review, quite many topics studied were found to be overlapping and linked to different theories. As a result, the attributes from the theoretical framework were grouped under six headings of empowerment, meaningfulness, relatedness, communication, rewards & recognition and leadership.    This research is a qualitative type of research with the data coming from two main sources. The first source is the survey questionnaire based on the literature review, which was responded by 64 people representing the population both from the product development and IT consulting employees in the case company. The second source is the interview and open discussion with eight employees in the case company.    In order to answer the research question, the results were compiled from the question-naires and interviews and analyzed against the theoretical framework to understand what people see as the characteristics for each of six headings and to what extent the conditions for good work are met in case organization. Additionally the implications were discussed and recommendations were prepared for the management and employees that could enhance the opportunities for doing the good work in the case company meeting the standards for excellence and ethics and at the same time leading to a feeling of well being in employees. The recommendations are subsequently validated in the case organization by the reference group formed by the researcher.
Development of Tourism Services for the Russian Customers in Tampere Region : Tampere - St. Petersburg Connection Project
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
The best angel stories. 2.
Sketching youth, self, and youth work
What do the children really think about a day‐care centre – the 5–7‐year‐old Finnish children speak out
Miscarriage : Women's experiences and needs
Making sense of experiential learning : diversity in theory and practice
Missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town
Non-conceptual aspects of experience
Life after life : the investigation of a phenomenon-survival of bodily death
Creating experiences in the experience economy
CouchSurfing : experiences, reputation, references and decision-making in an online hospitality network
The experience of God : icons of the mystery
Foreigners studying nursing in Finland : a study about experiences from practical placements
Lean User Experience Design in Practice : A Case Study: Implementing Lean User Experience Design in Software Development
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
Exploring 'Good Work' in IT consultancy business
Patient initiatives in psychiatric care concerning shame in the discussion in co-operative team meetings
Spiritual encounters with unusual light phenomena : lightforms
As the World Thought Leaders on Customer Experience, Colin Shaw and the team at Beyond Philosophy have undertaken more than 18 months of groundbreaking research to discover the emotions that drive and destroy value in an organization, and can now disclose the empirical link between evoking these emotions and substantial financial returns.
Zoos and tourism : conservation, education, entertainment?
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Customer Satisfaction in Experiental Megazone Tampere
Explaining users' critical incidents of physical mobile interactions
Telling a good Holocaust story : the narrator as a doubled subject in witnessing
Reflection : turning experience into learning
F**king up the buttons on a babygrow : a memoir of twenty first century parenthood
My way : a Muslim woman's journey
Art and imagination : a study in the philosophy of mind
Heaven is beautiful : how dying taught me that death is just the beginning
Books for living
Once upon an everyday
What do tourists consider as memorable experiences?
Religious consciousness and experience
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Structural and perceptual correlates of the musical peak experiences
Nurses' experiences from communicating with hearing impaired patients
In Finland, online learning has become more common in recent years. In this study, we examined why adult students chose to study online for upper secondary school. The research also focused on the support needed for learning from a special education perspective. Both qualitative and quantitative data were collected using an electronic questionnaire. In total, 58 students responded. Data were analyzed qualitatively using the content analysis technique. The findings indicate that the main reasons for online studies are similar in Finland to those found internationally: flexibility of timetables, the student's health condition, and family situations. The findings also indicate that a student's school history leads them to choose online studies. This history included a lack of support, health issues, bullying, and too large class size. Suggested future research and practical implications also are discussed.
Metaphoric descriptions of pre- and post-game performance-related experiences in a soccer team during a competitive season
Consciousness and experience
The leadership experience
Constructing the international entrepreneurial identity : a study of international entrepreneurship sense-making narratives
What do bloggers think about Iittala and how does the company want to be visible in social media
Man's search for meaning
How did an antismoking campaign with a Neuro Linguistic Program work out? : a case study of secondary school students' experiences in one Finnish school
Info screens as instruments for value co-creation : case: vehicle inspection industry
Angels watching over me : an extraordinary investigation into experiences of afterlife communication
Hämeenpuisto as a tourism destination : operational development
The haunted book
The importance of staging a tourism experience
The DNA of customer experience : how emotions drive value
The varietes of religious experience : a study in human nature
Walking on frozen waves: a foreigner's perspective of Finland
Safety and security for women who travel
Early temporary separation from parents in childhood and self-reported psychiatric problems in old age : The Helsinki Birth Cohort Study
User Experience Design (UX design) for an E-commerce website : a case of Shop The Planet
Electronic banking in Finland : consumer beliefs, attitudes, intentions and behaviors
Written cancer narratives : an ethnomedical study of cancer patients  thoughts, emotions and experiences
Getting bi : voices of bisexuals around the world
Using Experiences Earned in a Foreign Assignment - Case L4 Project, Stora Enso
Physiotherapy : a psychosocial approach
Developing a Tool to Measure Experiential Meaning of CaringTV® for the Elderly
Storytelling for user experience : crafting stories for better design
Patient Experience in Being Awake during Invasive Procedure and Nursing Ways to Enhance Cooperation : Literature Review
Coping with unemployment as narrative reorientation
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Encountering Mary : visions of Mary from La Salette to Medjugorje
Reader of hearts : the life and teachings of a reluctant psychic
Meaning of a disability : the lived experience of paralysis
Children's experience of place
Experience and education
Life beyond the camp : rethinking return, reconstruction and women's expression of lived experiences in Northern Uganda
Religious experience in hermeneutic perspectives
On a quest for authenticity to an imaginary place : a narrative analysis of the experiences of British literary tourists
Religious experience in earliest Christianity : a missing dimension in New Testament studies
Last stop on Market Street
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
Sickle cell disease : experiences of caregivers in managing the disease in children under the age of six years old  living in the Western Region of Jamaica
Into the whirly wind : stories of "first year out" teaching
Sport tourism development
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
Wild by nature : from Siberia to Australia, three years alone in the wilderness on foot
Change your name and disappear : a terrifying true tale of survival
Walking through the mountain landscape : cultural encounters, spatial knowledge and placed memories of guides on Mount Kenya
Time perception : theoretical considerations and empirical studies of the influence of gender, age, and culture on subjective duration
Dying to live : science and the near-death experience
Journey to the end of the night
Glamour in the skies : the golden age of the air stewardess
The experience science : a new discipline on the rise
Supply Manager’s Role Development In Industrial Supply Chain Process
Almas’ story : a young muslim refugee girl’s experiences as newcomer in Northern-Finland
The necessity of experience
Handbook of religious experience
Local culture in the context of international tourism : Japanese tourists' perceptions of the culture of Saariselkä and the views of Japanese travel agents
Stranger in a strange land: Finland through the eyes of a foreigner
Why Study Online in Upper Secondary School? Qualitative Analysis of Online Learning Experiences
A good scent from a strange mountain
A ten-year-old black girl in California bled from her palms, feet, right side, and the middle of her forehead for nineteen days in 1972, until good Friday, when the bleeding stopped. A Washington, D.C., priest experienced spontaneous bleeding from his writsts, feet, and right side in 1991. Since St. Francis of Assisi in the thirteenth century, ordinary people have suffered spontaneous lesions and bleeding resembling the wounds received by Christ during the crucifixion. Until recently, the occurrences of this religious and medical phenomenon had been limited to European cultures, but more and more cases of stigmata are being reported in Latin America and the United States. Including a startling analysis of the socioeconomic conditions that might give rise to the emergence of stigmatics at the end of another millennium and interviews with a medical expert on stigmata, this intriguing and objective examination is one of the most controversial books about religious phenomena since Embraced by the Light.
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
Eco-friendliness in the brand experience of high-tech products
The varieties of religious experience : a study in human nature, being the Gifford lectures on natural religion delivered at Edinburgh in 1901-1902
The visual experience : an introduction to art
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
A whole life
The map of heaven : a neurosurgeon explores the mysteries of the afterlife and the truth about what lies beyond
A sensational, yet totally believable, account of the history of stigmata, including first-person stories of those people who claim to be stigmatics today. Stigmata is one of the most controversial books about religious phenomena since Ken Moody's Life After Life and Betty J. Eadie's Embraced by the Light. — Just after Christmas in 1991, a Roman Catholic priest in a suburb of Washington, D.C., discovered that his wrists were bleeding. Then his feet began to hurt and bleed, and a little later a wound in his right side opened up. In the summer of 1985, something extraordinary happened to Jane Hunt, an English woman in her late twenties. Wounds appeared in her hands that resembled the marks of Christ's crucifixion.
The end of all dreams
Countdown to coherence : a spiritual journey toward a scientific theory of everything
Single-serve ice cream packaging: packaging structures enhancing brand
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Team leaders' experiences with receiving positive feedback
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Trance, healing, and hallucination : three field studies in religious experience
Work-placement assessment as a lived-through educationally meaningful experience of the student : an application of the phenomenological descriptive approach
Understanding Customer Experience through Methodological Triangulation – Case: Repair Services in Finland
The search for freedom
Human experience and place : sustaining identity
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
Religious tourists : constructing authentic experiences in late modern Hungarian catholicism
What makes an experience aesthetic?
"No one bothers you here" : Clients' experiences on the psychosocial support and the services in a maintenance treatment community
Intelligence and experience
"No one bothers you here" : clients̕ experiences on the psychosocial support and the services in a maintenance treatment community
The evidential force of religious experience
The people we were before
Grunt : the curious science of humans at war
Psychology and experience
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
Optimistic bias and perceived similarity
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Do, review, learn, apply : a simple guide to experimential learning
The misadventures of awkward black girl
Veterans' experiences of Iraq war and Afghanistan war and Influences on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder symptoms after deployment : a systematic literature review
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
Systemic perspectives on information in physically performed role-play
Collective life stories : shared and embodied memories in teaching
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
More moaning : the enlightened one returns
Arctic Design Week as an attractive tourism product
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Experience-based knowledge and cultural differences: a survey of international FUAS students : Experience-based knowledge and cultural differences: a survey of international FUAS students
Stigmata : a medieval mystery in a modern age
Breaking the sound barriers : 9 deaf success stories
Using children as research subjects : how to interview a child aged 5 to 7 years
The road to enlightenment : finding the way through yoga teachings and meditation
Learning from experience : Toward consciousness
Types of religious experience, Christian and non-Christian
Diaconal workers - alongsiders or dumpsters?
Construction of a playspace : autoethnographical inquiry to temporal and spatial frames of the play experience of World of Warcraft
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
By the river Piedra I sat down and wept
The map of heaven : how science, religion, and ordinary people are proving the afterlife
Growing big in the streets : Lusaka's street youths' voices of poverty in the streets
The adoption experience : families who give children a second chance
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
A foreigner's perspective of Finland
The reluctant midwife : a Hope River novel
The space-frame experience in art
Informal learning : a new model for making sense of experience
Educational studies: a second level course. E202 Schooling and society : Block II: The process and schooling. Unit 11, The pupil's experience
The varieties of religious experience : a study in human nature
WWF Green Office programme in Finnish organizations : experiences, effects, strengths and weaknesses
Seeing the invisible : modern religious and other transcendent experiences
Innovative services for internationals – the EXPAT Project
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
Patients' experiences of being helped in an inpatient setting
Covert codes of women in prostitution : pathways for recovering roots after trauma interface
Tourists' perceptions of memorable experiences: testing the Memorable Tourism Experience scale (MTEs) among tourists to Rovaniemi, Lapland
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
Making sense of contested illness : talking and narratives about chronic fatigue
Applying a phenomenological method of analysis derived from Giorgi to a psychiatric nursing study
Untamed U's and the lot
Family members' memories about starting school : intergenerational aspects
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Reconstructing a visitor typology based on recreation experiences
Tracing the roles of the PBL tutor : A journey of learning
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
Perspectives to doping substance use outside elite sports in Finland
Patients' experiences of psychosis in an inpatient setting
Anything but silent
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
Co-creating understanding of the role of senses in magazine paper selection
Global Education From a Teachers' Perspective
What is it like to be at home : the experiences of five- to seven-year-old Finnish children
Caring for dying and meeting death : the views of Iranian and Swedish nurses and student nurses
Knowledge, attitude and challenges of exclusive breastfeeding among primigravidas : a literature review
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
The long run : New York City firefighter's triumphant comeback from crash victim to elite athlete
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
The lightless sky : an Afghan refugee boy's journey of escape to a new life in Britain
An action-oriented perspective on caring leadership : a qualitative study of higher education administrators' positive leadership experiences
Behind the Chinese miracle : migrant workers tell their stories
Types of religious experience Christian and non-Christian
Subjective Lapponian perceptions : about digital associations and interpretations
Confessions from correspondent-land : the dangers & delights of life as a foreign correspondent
Influence of cultural difference on mobile user experience : a case study of the Nokia phone in Japanese mobile culture
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
From dust to God's glory
Content-oriented consumer engagement online : cognitive and affective brand effects of SME's thematic content strategy
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
