http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3205 exchange of persons
exchange of persons interchange of persons
The letters of Ernest Hemingway. Volume 2 : 1923 - 1925
The ERASMUS phenomenon - symbol of a new European generation?
Marking the bicentenary of the birth of William Makepeace Thackeray in 1811, this five-volume set presents a collection of materials relating to the novelist and to his gifted family.
The correspondence and journals of the Thackeray family
Training and mobility of researchers 1994-1998 : information package. Access to large-scale facilities
Student and teacher mobility in Europe : opinions and attitudes among European political scientists
The collected papers of Albert Einstein [English translation]. Vol. 5, The Swiss years : correspondence, 1902-1914 : [English translation]
The well of lost plots
Letters of Sir Robert Moray to the Earl of Kincardine, 1657-73
"Charles Bukowski's stories, poems, and novels have left an enduring mark on our culture. In this collection of correspondence--letters to publishers, editors, friends, and fellow writers--the writer shares his insights on the art of creation." --
Better competences through better teaching and leading : findings from study visits 2008/09
The folding knife
"The first volume encompasses his youth, his experience in World War I, and his arrival in Paris. The letters reveal a more complex person than Hemingway's tough-guy public persona would suggest: devoted son, affectionate brother, infatuated lover, adoring husband, spirited friend, and disciplined writer. Unguarded and never intended for publication, the letters record experiences that inspired his art, afford insight into his creative process, and express his candid assessments of his own work and that of his contemporaries. The letters present immediate accounts of events and relationships that profoundly shaped his life and work. A detailed introduction, notes, chronology, illustrations, and index are included."--from book jacket.
The letters of Theodore Roosevelt. 8, The days of Armageddon 1914-1919
Promoting culture exchange programs to USA through personal communication channels
Researcher mobility, Finnish business know-how and the United States : Finnish Center of International Business Education and Research (FCIBER), Academy of Finland
The lost gods
Lost in a good book
The correspondence of Leo, Metropolitan of Synada and Syncellus
The papers of Woodrow Wilson. Vol. 69, 1918-1924
Cold War crossings : international travel and exchange across the Soviet bloc, 1940s-1960s
Cross-cultural effectiveness : a study of Canadian technical advisors overseas = L'efficacité interculturelle : une étude des conseillers techniques canadiens à l'étranger
The proud highway : saga of a desperate southern gentleman : 1955-1967
Glenn Gould : selected letters
The Tchaikovsky handbook : a guide to the man and his music. Vol. 2, Catalogue of letters; genealogy; bibliography
The correspondence of Jean Sibelius and Rosa Newmarch, 1906-1939
Summary (s. 5-8).
The sea is my brother : the lost novel
The papers of Woodrow Wilson. Vol. 39, Contents and index, volumes 27-38, 1913-1916
"Meet Boilerplate, the world's first robot soldier--not in a present-day military lab or a science fiction movie, but in the past, during one of the most fascinating periods of U.S. history".
ERASMUS in the SOCRATES programme : findings of an evaluation study
Jawaharlal Nehru correspondence, 1903-47 : a catalogue
Instead of a book : letters to a friend
Boilerplate : history's mechanical marvel
The papers of Woodrow Wilson : contents and index, volumes 40-49, 51. Vol. 52, 1916-1918
Living on paper : letters from Iris Murdoch 1934-1995
T. R. Malthus : the unpublished papers in the collection of Kanto Gakuen University. Vol. 1
Report on the evaluation of the Centre for International Mobility
New directions in expatriate research
Rub out the words : letters 1959-1974
Paid in experience
Conclusions : policy alternatives for European political science
To cherish the life of the world : selected letters of Margaret Mead
Story of a friendship : the letters of Dmitry Shostakovich to Isaak Glikman, 1941-1975
The Swan of Litchfield : being a selection from correspondence of Anna Seward
Asia Functions of Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Consumers’ experienced value of information sharing
University collaboration for innovation : lessons from the Cambridge-MIT Institute
Expat guide to Finland
Santander group: a European university network
Prodigal genius : the life of Nikola Tesla
The correspondence of W. E. B. Du Bois. Vol. 1, Selections, 1877-1934
Naturally pain free : prevent and treat chronic and acute pains ... naturally
Don't you have time to think?
Erasmus : changing lives, opening minds for 25 years
Something rotten
Impacts of study abroad programmes on students and graduates
Their promised land : my grandparents in love and war
The letters of Theodore Roosevelt. 6, The big stick 1907-1909
The letters of Theodore Roosevelt. 3, The square deal 1901-1903
The call of the weird : travels in the American subcultures
The Cooperation between Savonia University of Applied Sciences and West Anhui University
Chopin's letters
On writing
The disease delusion : conquering the causes of chronic illness for a healthier, longer, and happier life
The Cambridge edition of the letters of Ernest Hemingway
Disadvantaged groups in transnational placement projects
Mutual fund manager turnover : changes in fund characteristics
Echo and source : Selected correspondence 1915-1963
The poet who created herself : the complete letters of Edith Södergran to Hagar Olsson with Hagar Olsson's commentary and the complete letters of Edith Södergran to Elmer Diktonius
National report on the implementation of the Socrates and Leonardo da Vinci programmes in 2000-2006
Letters to Georgian friends
Introduction : problems and prospects of the Erasmus program
Youth exchanges in the European Community
Erasmus : facts, figures & trends : the European Union support for student and staff exchanges and university cooperation in 2011-12
Global migration patterns : migration pressure increasing towards developing countries
Summary (s. 5-6).
The globalisation of education and training : recommendations for a coherent response of the European Union
COMETT evaluation in Finland : a national evaluation for the COMETT Info Centre, Finland
The new Summerhill
In Albert's shadow : the life and letters of Mileva Maric, Einstein's first wife
Correspondence between Spencer Fullerton Baird and Louis Agassiz - two pioneer American naturalists
European and national policies for academic mobility / : linking rhetoric, practice and mobility trends
Uppsala-Minnesota Colloquium : law, culture and values
In the service of his Korean majesty : William Nelson Lovatt, the Pusan Customs, and Sino-Korea relations, 1876-1888
Learning by leaving : placements abroad as didactic tool in the context of vocational education and training in Europe
A severe mercy
Viktor Ferdinand Brotherus and his collection of letters
Finnish-American academic and professional exchanges : analyses and reminiscences
Presenting a glimpse into the private life of the misunderstood writer, this collection of letters from the 1960s and 1970s reveals the era in which Burroughs became an influential artistic and cultural leader beyond the literary world.
The princess and the philosopher : letters of Elisabeth of the Palatine to René Descartes
Erasmus : facts, figures & trends : the European Union support for student and staff exchanges and university cooperation in 2012-13
The velvet pouch
"This book, based upon the correspondence of William Nelson Lovatt, Korea's first commissioner of customs in Pusan, looks at the informal imperialism exercised by China over Korea in the 1880s, as China's increasing interventionism affected Lovatt's hiring, his experiences in Korea, and his eventual termination"--Provided by publisher.
Cross-border tertiary education : a way towards capacity development
First among sequels
The letters of Theodore Roosevelt. 7, The days of Armageddon 1909-1914
First among sequels : a BookWorld novel
Academic mobility in a changing world : regional and global trends
Margaret Paston's piety
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
Higher education on the move : new developments in global mobility
