http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3215 states (territorial entities)
states (territorial entities) countries
Taxes and tax-like payments
The lost continent : the BBC's Europe editor on Europe's darkest hour since World War Two
Interpretation and method : empirical research methods and the interpretive turn
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2004
The lost hero
The Europa world year book 1995. Vol. 2, Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2003
The encyclopedia of political thought
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
The son of Neptune
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 6, The secret woods
The book of flags
The hunger games. 1
Tax and other incentives for start-ups in some European countries
Where's where : A descriptive gazetteer
Hetalia Axis Powers. [3]
The Europa world year book. 2001, Vol. 2 : Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 7, Richard
The Europa world year book. 1999, Vol. 2 : Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
Worldmark chronology of the nations. Vol. 1, Africa
Alliances and small powers
Worldmark chronology of the nations. Vol. 2, Americas
The world guide 1997/98 : a view from the South
An atlas of countries that don't exist : a compendium of fifty unrecognized and largely unnoticed states
Illustrated guide to flags
Development discourses of the low human development index : countries in UN post-2015 discussion
The world today : essential facts in an ever changing world 2000
The Aftermath of the Russian debt crisis
Central government guarantees
Despite the prevalence of government research and development (R&D) support programs, evaluation studies based on explicit differences in support allocation are rare. In this article the identification of the causal effect of government support on private R&D effort is based on regional differences in eligibility for European Union Regional Development Funds (ERDF) determined by the population-density rule. Our data is constructed by linking a broad R&D survey to administrative data on all R&D support applications in Finland over the years 2000-2006. We find evidence that the support program has induced additional private R&D among the participants who entered it as a result of higher funding in their region. Among this group one subsidy euro induced additional R&D worth at least 1.5 euro.
Is there a 'new deal' in state-business relations in Russia?
Flags of the world
Territory, authority, rights : from medieval to global assemblages
Nordic majority churches as agents in the welfare state : critical voices and/or complementary providers?
The illustrated atlas of the nineteenth century world
War and gold : a five-hundred-year history of empires, adventures and debt
The world guide 2001/2002 : an alternative reference to the countries of our planet
The bombs that brought us together
The Europa world year book. 1996, Vol. 2 : Kazakstan-Zimbabwe
Europe in the High Middle Ages
Dorling Kindersley reference atlas of the world
Small states in the modern world : vulnerabilities and opportunities
Reporting of state-owned enterprises for parliamentary supervision
The author of the New York Times bestseller and beloved book club favorite The Kitchen House continues the story of Jamie Pyke, son of both a slave and master of Tall Oakes, whose deadly secret compels him to take a treacherous journey through the Underground Railroad.  Published in 2010, The Kitchen House became a grassroots bestseller. Fans connected so deeply to the book's characters that the author, Kathleen Grissom, found herself being asked over and over "what happens next?" The wait is finally over.  This new, stand-alone novel opens in 1830, and Jamie, who fled from the Virginian plantation he once called home, is passing in Philadelphia society as a wealthy white silversmith. After many years of striving, Jamie has achieved acclaim and security, only to discover that his aristocratic lover Caroline is pregnant. Before he can reveal his real identity to her, he learns that his beloved servant Pan has been captured and sold into slavery in the South. Pan's father, to whom Jamie owes a great debt, pleads for Jamie's help, and Jamie agrees, knowing the journey will take him perilously close to Tall Oakes and the ruthless slave hunter who is still searching for him. Meanwhile, Caroline's father learns and exposes Jamie's secret, and Jamie loses his home, his business, and finally Caroline.  Heartbroken and with nothing to lose, Jamie embarks on a trip to a North Carolina plantation where Pan is being held with a former Tall Oakes slave named Sukey, who is intent on getting Pan to the Underground Railroad. Soon the three of them are running through the Great Dismal Swamp, the notoriously deadly hiding place for escaped slaves. Though they have help from those in the Underground Railroad, not all of them will make it out alive - Provided by publisher.
Catching fire
Issues and methods in comparative politics : an introduction
How the sun got to Coco's house
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 5, After the carnival
Shadow economy, broken social fabric and the will to govern : Calderón rescuing Mexico
Our dreams will never die : the struggle for self-determination of East Timor
The house of Hades
Africa review : the economic and business report
Public participation in technology assessment in France
The Europa world year book. 2007, Vol. 2 : Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
You rule! ; create your own country
Statesman's yearbook
The Europa world year book. 2005, Vol. 2 : Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
Arctic strategies and policies : inventory and comparative study
Worldmark encyclopedia of national economies. Vol. 1, Africa
UNEP and small island developing states : 1994-2004 and future perspectives
Flight behavior : a novel
Sikkim : requiem for a Himalayan kingdom
Managing risks in the European periphery debt crisis : lessons from the trade-off between economics, politics and the financial markets
A slant of light : a novel
The Europa world year book. 2006, Vol. 2 : Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
The Baltic States and the problem of the freedom of the Baltic Sea
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Democracy in America
The permissibility of indirect environmental taxes and derogations thereof in light of the cumulative criteria for state aid in article 107(1) TFEU
WHO'S WHO IN THE WORLD 1974-75
The Europa world year book 2000.. Vol. 2, Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
The public wealth of nations : how management of public assets can boost or bust economic growth
General government debt by qua[r]ter
Secret journeys of a lifetime : 500 of the world's best hidden travel gems
Two decades of discussion on charitable food aid in Finland : analysing the framing by and through the media
Boomerang : travels in the new third world
MAIDEN JA NIIDEN OSA-ALUEIDEN NIMIEN TUNNUKSET. OSA 1, MAIDEN NIMIEN TUNNUKSET : CODES FOR THE REPRESENTATION OF NAMES OF COUNTRIES AND THEIR SUBDIVISIONS
National Audit Office's reports to Parliament on the monitoring of election financing
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 8, My nameless hero
My first book of world flags : [which flag is which?]
Convergence and demographic transition : a club approach
Regional budgets and intergovernmental transfers in Russian  North and Northwest regions
The hunger games
Countries of the world and their leaders yearbook
The statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2011
Strategy papers on the Arctic or high north : a comparative study and analysis
The Europa world year book
Sipho
(Why on Earth) should small states do expeditionary operations?
Final declaration : twelve theses of New Delhi
The blood of Olympus
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
Regional integration and the state : the changing nature of sovereignty in Southern Africa and Europe
Abstract: Notes on the comparative study of microstates.
Pace of debt growth disquieting
Latin America and the Caribbean : a handbook
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
The evolution of modern Latin America
"It is the present-day, and the world is as we know it: smartphones, social networking and Happy Meals. Save for one thing: the Civil War never occurred.  A gifted young Black man calling himself Victor has struck a bargain with federal law enforcement, working as a bounty hunter for the US Marshall Service. He's got plenty of work. In this version of America, slavery continues in four states called "the Hard Four." On the trail of a runaway known as Jackdaw, Victor arrives in Indianapolis knowing that something isn't right - with the case file, with his work, and with the country itself.  A mystery to himself, Victor suppresses his memories of his childhood on a plantation, and works to infiltrate the local cell of a abolitionist movement called the Underground Airlines. Tracking Jackdaw through the back rooms of churches, empty parking garages, hotels, and medical offices, Victor believes he's hot on the trail. But his strange, increasingly uncanny pursuit is complicated by a boss who won't reveal the extraodinary stakes of Jackdaw's case, as well as by a heartbreaking young woman and her child who may be Victor's salvation. Victor himself may be the biggest obstacle of all - though his true self remains buried, it threatens to surface. Victor believes himself to be a good man doing bad work, unwilling to give up the freedom he has worked so hard to earn. But in pursuing Jackdaw, Victor discovers secrets at the core of the country's arrangement with the Hard Four, secrets the government will preserve at any cost. Underground Airlines is a ground-breaking novel, a wickedly imaginative thriller, and a story of an America that is more like our own than we'd like to believe"--
This paper considers Russian intergovernmental transfers and possible bases determining their share of regional budgets.By concentrating on ten regions in the North and Northwest, possible causes of the highly uneven per capita distribution of federal funds in these regions are noted.Due to the small sample size and problematic statistical data, the paper confines itself mainly to description.  Keywords: Russia, regions, intergovernmental transfers, regional budgets .
How to brand nations, cities and destinations : a planning book for place branding
People around the world
Glory over everything : beyond the Kitchen house
Ukrainian statehood in the twentieth century : historical an political analysis
In August 1998 the Russian Federation was forced to devalue the rouble and declare a moratorium on its debt servicing.Russia was badly hit by unfavourable external conditions, but the main reason for the crisis was the inability of the fiscal authorities to bring the budget deficit under control.When the rouble was devalued, the Russian Federation was unable to meet its domestic or external obligations.The holders of Russia's domestic debt were forced to accept unfavourable restructuring terms, and now also some holders of the old Soviet debt instruments have accepted a significant reduction in the value of their holdings.However, Russia has been willing and able to honour the debts incurred after the Soviet period.Russia's relations with its creditors and international financial institutions have been quite strained in the aftermath of the crisis, and it remains to be seen whether the recent restructuring deal with London Club creditors will mean Russia's re-entry into the international financial markets. .
Rektor - en forskningsöversikt 2000-2010. Del I, Forsknings om rektor : en översikt av Svensk forskning 2000-2010. Del II, Research on school leaders : with Nordic and European reviews 2000-2010
The mark of Athena
Worldmark encyclopedia of national economies. Vol. 2, Americas
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
World defense forces
The geography of modern Africa
The article compares the role in welfare provision of the majority churches in Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Nordic welfare state model implies a large public sector and a correspondingly small contribution to welfare provision by the voluntary sector, of which church-based welfare activities, as defined in the article, are part. The data used in the article are derived from a European project, 'Welfare and religion in a European perspective', concerning the role of European majority churches as agents of welfare provision. The findings show many similarities between the Nordic cases, but also some differences. In all cases it is clear that both the church and the public authorities take the Nordic welfare state model more or less for granted. The Swedish and Norwegian cases, unlike the Finnish one, show that the public authorities at the municipal level are fairly unfamiliar with local church-based welfare activities. The article raises topical questions as to the role of the Nordic churches in social policy and as moral authorities in contemporary society.Keywords: Welfare, Church, Finland, Norway, Sweden.
Interest representation and state-society relations in East Central Europe
The 21st century : the century of small and Micro-States?
The microstates of Europe : designer nations in a post-modern world
Challenges of globalisation to the nation state
My first world atlas
The Europa world year book. 2003, Vol. 2 : Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
The royal mess
The labyrinth of dreaming books : a novel from Zamonia by Optimus Yarnspinner
Displacement of social policies
The Europa world year book. 1998, Vol. 2 : Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
Historical dictionary of states : states and state-like communities from their origins to the present = Lexikon der historischen Staatennamen : Staaten und staatsähnliche Gemeinwesen von den Ursprüngen bis zur Gegenwart
The value of violence
A guide to the countries of the world
This paper surveys theoretical literature on fiscal federalism, noting several concepts useful in understanding features typical to countries in transition.We argue that some of the concepts of standard fiscal federalism do not apply to transition economics as they do elsewhere.For example, normally undesirable inter-regional competition may actually benefit the transition process by forcing regions to alter their patterns of public spending.We further suggest that practices such as in-kind transfers may carry additional benefits in a transition environment.The paper makes extensive use of observations from Russia's system of inter-governmental relations. Keywords: fiscal federalism, transitional countries, Russia .
The Europa world year book. 2002, Vol. 2 : Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
Philip's children's atlas
Ruin and rising
Place branding is happening. A new field of practice and study is in existence and whatever we choose to call it there can no longer be any doubt that it is with us. This collection of intuitive and well-reserached articles examines how places and regions see themselves, and how they reflect this in their branding.
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Flags of the world : an illustrated guide to contemporary flags
As a detective lieutenant with the LAPD, Peter Decker witnessed enough ugliness and chaos for a lifetime. Now, he and his devoted wife Rina Lazarus are ready to enjoy the quiet beauty of upstate New York, where they can be closer to their four adult children and their foster son. But working for the Greenbury Police department isn't as fulfilling as Decker hoped. While Rina has adapted beautifully to their new surroundings, Decker is underwhelmed and frustrated by his new partner, Tyler McAdams, a former Harvard student and young buck with a bad 'tude. Just when he thinks he's made a mistake, Decker is called to his first real crime here--a possible break-in at the local cemetery. At first, it seems like a false alarm until it's discovered that a mausoleum's stunning Tiffany panels have been replaced by forgeries. Then, a coed at one of the exclusive local colleges is brutally murdered. Poking into the hallowed halls of academia to find a killer, Decker and McAdams are drawn deep into a web of dark secrets, cold case crimes, international intrigue, and ruthless people who kill for sport. Suddenly, the job is anything but boring. This case just might be too much to handle and Decker will have to draw on every ounce of experience that he has garnered in the past thirty years as a Homicide cop. And then again, even that might not be enough!
Materials on jurisdictional immunities of states and their property = Documentation concernant les immunités juridictionnelles des états et de leurs biens
Issues in intergovernmental fiscal relations : possible lessons for Economies in Transition
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 9, A nameless monster
World travel guide : 2000/2001
Worldmark encyclopedia of national economies. Vol. 3, Asia & the Pacific
Worldmark encyclopedia of the nations. Vol. 4, Asia and Oceania
The other hundred entrepreneurs : 100 faces places stories
The Encyclopedia of Political Thought contains over 900 A-Z entries on the most significant political thinkers, theories, concepts, ideas, and schools of thought. Available online or as an eight-volume print set, the Encyclopedia examines the history of political thought, contemporary political theory, and political philosophy. The entries range in size from shorter definitions and biographies to extended treatments of major topics and traditions. The Encyclopedia traces the evolution of political thinking from antiquity to the present and emphasizes the richness and diversity of the field's traditions.
The quick reference world atlas
While working for the Greenbury Police Department in upstate New York, Peter Decker must draw from his years of experience as a homicide cop when a break-in at the local cemetery leads him into a world of art forgery and murder that is linked to cold case crimes, international intrigue and ruthless people who kill for sport.
Gone with the wind
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
Fractured
Worldmark chronology of the nations. Vol. 4, Europe
The Europa world year book. 1997, Vol. 2 : Kazakstan-Zimbabwe
The future of social protection in a unifying Europe = Sosiaaliturvan tulevaisuus yhdentyvässä Euroopassa
Underground airlines
The Times guide to the nations of the world : history, politics, geography, statistics, maps and flags
The royal pain
A handbook of new nations
The Europa world year book. 2004, Vol. 2 : Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
The concert of civilizations
Constitutional theory
Building a 'culture of dialogue' among stakeholders in North-West Russian oil extraction
The developmental welfare state in Scandinavia : lessons for the developing world
State visit as a form of intercultural communication
Handbook of US-Middle East relations : formative factors and regional perspectives
Security and defence aspects of the Republic of Serbia's accession to the European Union
Employees Training and Development in Chinese State Owned Companies : Case:LQ Coal-Fired Power Plant
By a thread
The second Arab awakening : and the battle for pluralism
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2007
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2002
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
The underground railroad : a novel
The Europa world year book. 1994, Vol. 2 : Kazakhstan-Zimbabwe
Summary.
The garments of court and palace : Machiavelli and the world that he made
Flexible outsourcing and the impacts of labour taxation in European welfare states
Worldmark encyclopedia of the nations. Vol. 3, Americas
The effect of government subsidies on private R&D : evidence from georgraphic variation in support program funding
The complete guide to flags of the world
The prolonged recession in the Finnish economy has been directly reflected in the public finances, which have posted a deficit for 6 years already. In 2017, the public debt will rise to over 68% of GDP, which is more than double the level recorded in 2008. Given that the longer-term outlook for Finnish economic growth is poor due to the prolonged recession, a dwindling working-age population and industrial restructuring, the upward trend in public debt is disquieting..
Concern over the future of the nation : a discourse analytical study on changes in Russian demographic policy in the years 2000-2010
Moxyland
Operation world
In the name of Vivir Bien : indigeneity, state formation and politics in Evo Morales' Bolivia
The world guide : global reference, country by country
Tangled threads
Sudan : the failure and division of an African state
Worldmark chronology of the nations. Vol. 3, Asia
The Global Bible for children : contemporary English version
Usually, a country brand is notŁfocused, resulting in unsuccessful place branding. It isŁpossible to successfully raise your national identity to the level of anŁattractive brand. Building a country brand is an investment, with strong positive returns. This book will guide you along the path to building aŁsuccessful brand.
Beyond welfare state models : transnational historical perspectives on social policy
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 4, Ayse's friend
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Hetalia Axis Powers. [1]
Hetalia Axis Powers. [2]
The statesman's year-book 1989-1990
The article is based on the paper presented at TTRA European Chapter 2008 Conference "Competition in Tourism: Business & Destination Perspectives".
Worldmark encyclopedia of national economies. Vol. 4, Europe
The Hunger games
A-Z of hell : Ross Kemp's how not to travel the world
Theory and methods in political science
The Swedish model reassessed : affluence despite the welfare state
Air pollution deaths in Europe 2020 : a survey
Nonalignment : theory and current policy
I wonder why countries fly flags : and other questions about people and places
A history of Islamic societies
Black social movements in Latin America : from monocultural mestizaje to multiculturalism
PASIFIC DESTINY : INSIDE ASIA TODAY
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
The true colors of Finnish welfare nationalism : consolidation of neo-populist advocacy as a resonant collective identity through mobilization of exclusionary narratives of blue-and-white solidarity
This paper considers the reasons for increasing the interest of Russian leaders in improving the investment climate in Russia. The paper shows that this change in economic policy is connected not only to the natural rent decline but also reflects the search of the ruling coalition for a new social base represented by successful medium-sized business. These new trends can be interpreted in terms of the "limited access order" concept developed in the recent works of Douglass North and his co-authors.  Keywords: Russian transition economy, rents, bureaucracy, large and medium-sized business, response to the crises, investment climate  .
Happy : secrets to happiness from the cultures of the world
1,000 years of annoying the French
Herzl : Theodore Herzl and the foundation of the Jewish State
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
The travel book : a journey through every country in the world
Naoki Urasawa's monster. Vol. 2, Surprise party
World facts & maps
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2006
Human rights in the Near East and North Africa
Sweden and the revival of the capitalist welfare state
The Usborne book of peoples of the world : internet-linked
The royal treatment
This book tackles a number of controversial questions regarding Sweden's economic and political development: How did Sweden become rich? How did Sweden become egalitarian? Why has Sweden since the early 1990s grown faster than the US and most EU-countries despite its high taxes and generous welfare state? The author uses new research on institutions and economic reforms to explain the rise, the fall and the recent revival of the Swedish welfare state. The central argument is that a generous welfare state Sweden's can work well, provided that it is built on well functioning capitalist institutions and economic openess.
Collins children's world atlas
Places : identity, image and reputation
Red star and green crescent
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2010
Russia and other newly independent states of the former USSR = Rossiâ i respubliki byvšego SSSR
Sycamore row : a novel
Islamic feminism in Kuwait : the politics and paradoxes
In the shadow of the prophet : the struggle for the soul of islam
A democratic architecture for the welfare state
Yearbook of tourism statistics. Vol. 2.
The politicization of the Arctic in the beginning of the 21st century : how do the Arctic Ocean states legitimate their new role in the Arctic of melting ice and new opportunities?
The theory of death
The Chinese government's new approach to ownership and financial control of strategic state-owned enterprises
Reading the world : confessions of a literary explorer
Paying back Jack
Worldmark encyclopedia of the nations. Vol. 5, Europe
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
The Middle East and North Africa
The systematically revised third edition of the leading text on approaches and methods in political science features a considerable internatizationization in both the team of contributors and the range of coverage and examples. About half the chapters are entirely new and the rest are substantially revised and updated.
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
Global strategies for destination management organisations : focus on country brand experience management
Thieves of state : why corruption threatens global security
Matched
Marcha mundial por la paz y la no-violenza = The world march for peace & nonviolence
Off the map : lost space, feral places and invisible cities and what they tell us about the world
Little book of the world cup : a world cup A to Z
