http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3214 Orient
Orient
A catalogue of previously uncatalogued Ethiopic manuscripts in England : twenty-three manuscripts in the Bodleian, Cambridge University and John Rylands University libraries and in a private collection
Visions of the East : orientalism in film
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Five tribes : the djinns of Naqala
East-west montage : reflections on Asian bodies in diaspora
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 5
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 7
Can Asians think?
The beginnings of civilization in the Orient : a symposium at the Meetings of the American Oriental Society, Baltimore, April 13, 1939
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 1
The book of thousand nights and one night . Vol III
A mirror for our times : 'the Rushdie affair' and the future of multiculturalism
Fables of the East : selected tales, 1662-1785
The poetics of spice : romantic consumerism and the exotic
Among the believers : an Islamic journey
Iznogoud : rockets to stardom : the adventures of the grand vizier Iznogoud
Ali Baba aur chalis chor = Ali Baba and the forty thieves
Why the West is best : a Muslim apostate's defense of liberal democracy
Oriental cloisonné and other enamels : a guide to collecting and repairing
We, in the West in general, and the United States in particular, have witnessed over the last twenty years a slow erosion of our civilizational self-confidence. Under the influence of intellectuals and academics in Western universities, intellectuals such as Gore Vidal, Susan Sontag, Edward Said, and Noam Chomsky, and destructive intellectual fashions such as post-modernism, moral relativism, and multiculturalism, the West has lost all self-confidence in its own values, and seems incapable and unwilling to defend those values. By contrast, resurgent Islam, in all its forms, is supremely confident, and is able to exploit the West's moral weakness and cultural confusion to demand ever more concessions from her. The growing political and demographic power of Muslim communities in the West, aided and abetted by Western apologists of Islam, not to mention a compliant, pro-Islamic US Administration, has resulted in an ever-increasing demand for the implementation of Islamic law - the Sharia - into the fabric of Western law, and Western constitutions. There is an urgent need to examine why the Sharia is totally incompatible with Human Rights and the US Constitution. This book, the first of its kind, proposes to examine the Sharia and its potential and actual threat to democratic principles. This book defines and defends Western values, strengths and freedoms often taken for granted. This book also tackles the taboo subjects of racism in Asian culture, Arab slavery, and Islamic Imperialism. It begins with a homage to New York City, as a metaphor for all we hold dear in Western culture - pluralism, individualism, freedom of expression and thought, the complete freedom to pursue life, liberty and happiness unhampered by totalitarian regimes, and theocratic doctrines.
Manager's perspectives on conducting business : small firms specializing in handicrafts exports in Vietnam
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 16
Small Publications in Historical Geophysics
Cultural encounters between East and West, 1453-1699
Orientalism in French classical drama
The book of thousand nights and one night . Vol I
Myths and legends
Iznogoud and the magic carpet
Ali Baba and the forty thieves
Eastern influences on Western philosophy : a reader
Historic engagements with occidental cultures, religions, powers
Ali Baba-w chil dizaka  = Ali Baba and the forty thieves
The art and architecture of the ancient Orient
Late Weichselian and Holocene shore displacement history of the Baltic Sea in Finland
Chinese sculpture and painting : in general J. W. N. Munthe's Collection in the West Norway Museum of Applied Art
Reason and insight : Western and Eastern perspectives on the pursuit of moral wisdom
The encyclopedia of Eastern mythology : legends of the East: myths and tales of the heroes, gods and warriors of ancient Egypt, Arabia, Persia, India, Tibet, China and Japan
East-to-West migration and labour market integration in the Baltic Sea region - history, current trends and potential
Russia and the Eastern question : army, government, and society, 1815-1833
Aladdin and the fabulous genie
The book of thousand nights and one night . Vol II
Sex in art : pornography and pleasure in the history of art
Travelling in different skins : gender identity in European women's oriental travelogues, 1850-1950
Re-orienting the Renaissance : cultural exchanges with the East
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
The firework-maker's daughter
A descriptive catalogue of Oriental manuscripts at St John's College, Oxford
Memoirs of a geisha : a novel
The travels and surprising adventures of Baron Munchausen
Iznogoud and the jigsaw Turk
The Mutual encounter of East and West, 1492-1992
Lady Hester : queen of the East
An oriental baker at Ostia
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 17
Benjamin-Constant : marvels and mirages of orientalism
Memoirs of a geisha
The world's religions : eastern traditions
Urbanism under sail : an archaeology of fluit ships in early modern everyday life
Kirjoituksen lumo = The metamorphoses of writing
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 6
In praise of shadows
America and the Orient
Cali Baaba iyo afartankii tuug = Ali Baba and the forty thieves
Culture and self : philosophical and religious perspectives, East and West
East west style : a design guide for blending eastern and western elements at home
Dictionary of Oriental literatures. 1, East Asia
Eastern European countryside
Culture and dignity : dialogues between the Middle East and the West
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 13
Photographies East : the camera and its histories in East and Southeast Asia
NEFCO news : information bulletin
Knowledge across cultures : a contribution to dialogue among civilizations
The orientalist poster : a century of advertising through the Slaoui Foundation Collection
S.E. Asia writes back!
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 11
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
The East in the West
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 10
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 3
Dutch forest products' trade in the Baltic from the Late Middle Ages to the Peace of Munster in 1648
Occidentalism : a short history of anti-Westernism
Immigrant entrepreneurs : venturing abroad in the age of globalization
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 12
East-West passage : the travel of ideas, arts and inventions between Asia and the Western world
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 2
Marriage East and West
World religions. Eastern traditions
Russia's unknown Orient : orientalist painting 1850-1920
East and West : towards mutual understanding?
Hollywood in the Holy Land : essays on film depictions of the Crusades and Christian-Muslim clashes
Viewing Europe from the outside : cultural encounters and critiques in the eighteenth-century pseudo-Oriental travelogue and the nineteenth-century 'Voyage en Orient'
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
A carrot for Iznogoud
The Orient in Western art
NEFCO Newsletter
"Historic Engagements with Occidental Cultures, Religions, Powers explores centuries of unequal power relations and imperial and civilizing rhetorics, overarching themes highlighted in these infrequently heard accounts by Eastern travelers to the West. Considered in depth are evolutions in mental frameworks and practices that led to the emergence of anticolonial consciousness and strategies of protest"--Provided by publisher.
Culture and social behavior
Chinoiserie : The impact of oriental styles on western art and decoration
The new trade theory and the pattern of East-West trade in the  new Europe
Rome, the Greek world, and the East. Vol. 3, The Greek world, the Jews and the East
Ali Baba va chihil duzd = Ali Baba and the forty thieves
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Oriental textiles in Sweden
About 62 percent of Finland's current surface area has been covered by the waters of the Baltic basin at some stage. The highest shorelines are located at a present altitude of about 220 metres above sea level in the north and 100 metres above sea level in the south-east. The nature of the Baltic Sea has alternated in the course of its four main postglacial stages between a freshwater lake and a brackish water basin connected to the outside ocean by narrow straits. This article provides a general overview of the principal stages in the history of the Baltic Sea and examines the regional influence of the associated shore displacement phenomena within Finland. The maps depicting the various stages have been generated digitally by GIS techniques.Following deglaciation, the freshwater Baltic Ice Lake (12,600-10,300 BP) built up against the ice margin to reach a level 25 metres above that of the ocean, with an outflow through the straits of Öresund. At this stage the only substantial land areas in Finland were in the east and south-east. Around 10,300 BP this ice lake discharged through a number of channels that opened up in central Sweden until it reached the ocean level, marking the beginning of the mildly saline Yoldia Sea stage (10,300-9500 BP). As the connecting channels rose above sea level, however, the Baltic Sea became confined once more, to form the Ancylus Lake (9500-8000 BP). During its existence the outflow channel to the ocean shifted to the Straits of Denmark and the major lake systems of central Finland became isolated from the Baltic basin. After the brief Mastogloia transition phase, a greater influx of saline water began to take place through the Straits of Denmark, marking the Litorina Sea stage (7500- 4000 BP), to be followed by a somewhat less saline stage known as the Limnea Sea. After a transgressive period early in the Litorina Sea stage, shoreline displacement in Finland has proceeded at a steadily declining rate.
Brief guide to oriental painted, dyed and printed textiles
The book of thousand nights and one night . Vol IV
Marginal voice, marginal body : the treatment of the human body in the works of Nakagami Kenji, Leslie Marmon Silko, and Salman Rushdie
Cultures crossed : John Frederick Lewis and the art of orientalism
The encyclopedia of Eastern mythology : legends of the east: myths and tales of the heroes, gods and warriors of ancient Egypt, Arabia, Persia, India, Tibet, China and Japan
Eastward bound : travel and travellers, 1050-1550
Between East and West : Polish and Russian nineteenth-century travel to the Orient
Dictionary of oriental literatures. 2, South and South-East Asia
Music of a distant drum : classical Arabic, Persian, Turkish, and Hebrew poems
A concise Chinese-English dictionary for lovers
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
A female poetics of empire : from Eliot to Woolf
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
The Arabian nights
Transnational Tolstoy : between the West and the world
Orientalism and war
This volume completes the three-volume collection of Fergus Millar's essays, which, together with his books, transformed the study of the Roman Empire by shifting the focus of inquiry onto the broader Mediterranean world and beyond. The eighteen essays presented here include Millar's classic contributions to our understanding of the impact of Rome on the peoples, cultures, and religions of the eastern Mediterranean, and the extent to which Graeco-Roman culture acted as a vehicle for the self-expression of the indigenous cultures. In an epilogue written to conclude the collection, Millar argues for rethinking the focus of "ancient history" itself and for considering the Levant and the eastern Mediterranean from the first millennium B.C. to the Islamic conquests a valid scholarly framework and an appropriate educational syllabus for the study of antiquity. English translations of extended ancient passages in Greek, Latin, and Semitic languages in all the essays make Millar's most important articles accessible for the first time to specialists and nonspecialists alike.
The pen is mightier than the sword
New light on the most ancient East : the oriental prelude to european prehistory
New light on the most ancient East
The treatment of East and West in three novels by R. K. Narayan
Trade and romance
Aladdin and the enchanted lamp
Thousand cranes
Oružie kollekcii Petra I = Weapons of the collection of Peter the Great
"An exciting new work in the burgeoning field of movie medievalism, this collection of essays focuses on film representations of the Crusades, other medieval East/West encounters, and the modern inheritance of encounters between orientalist fantasy and apocalyptic conspiracy. The essays themselves make substantial contributions to our understanding of orientalist medievalism in film"--Provided by publisher.
The sultan's court : European fantasies of the East
Northrop Frye's notebooks and lectures on the Bible and other religious texts
Dante's pluralism and the Islamic philosophy of religion
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 9
Orientalism : [Western conceptions of the Orient]
Orientalism : visions of the east in western dress
Aladdin and other tales from the Arabian nights
One Thousand and One Nights / Hanān Al-Shaykh
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 4
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 8
Oriental architecture in colour : Islamic, Indian, Far Eastern
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
Heidegger, Rorty, and the Eastern thinkers : a hermeneutics of cross-cultural understanding
Sindbad in the land of giants
Oriental Lawrence : the quest for the secrets of sex
Destiny of capitalism in the Orient
Phallic worship : a history of sex and sex rites in relation to the religions of all races from antiquity to the present day
Orientalism : western conceptions of the orient
