http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3211 experience (enjoyment)
experience (enjoyment)
Providing value for customers in the experience economy : case Svanhild
Telling bodies performing birth : everyday narratives of childbirth
Experiencing difference : changing tourism and touristś experiences : ATLAS reflections 2009
The rationality of feeling : understanding the arts in education
City spaces - tourist places : urban tourism precincts
Creating experiences : a manual for the adventure brewery restaurant "Gipsmühle" Hohenschwangau
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Grand adventures
From dark tourism to dark tourism industry : presenting the reform of dark tourism
Red ochre in Rhubarb heaven
Culinary arts and sciences IV : global and national perspectives
Sensibility and sense : the aesthetic transformation of the human world
A tripartiate model of tourist experience
Four essays on aesthetics : toward a global view
Longing for autenthic experiences : the subjective meaning of visual art for museum audiences and amateur artists
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Quality tourism experiences
National geographic adventure : Helsinki
Customer involvement in new experiential tourism service development : evidence in wellbeing and nature tourism contexts
Stendhal's syndrome : a paradox for "the happy few" / Anna Kortelainen
Beginning of being : painting and the topography of the aesthetic experience : Taidehistoriallisia tutkimuksia 15 = Konsthistoriska studier 15 = Studies in art history 15 / Riikka Stewen
Aesthetic quality : a contextualistic theory of beauty
THE IMPACT OF ENTERTAINMENT ON THE TOURISM SECTOR : Case study: Agency Remarc Greece
Experience marketing : concepts, frameworks and consumer insights
Sustainable tourism : a global perspective
The heritage tourist experience
Travel worlds : journeys in contemporary cultural politics
Once upon an everyday
Motivation Factors in Dark Tourism : case: House of Terror
Feasibility Study for a Start-Up Enterprise
Summary in Estonian.
The discipline of taste and feeling
Beginnings of being : painting and the topography of the aesthetic experience
Articles on experiences. 3, Christmas experiences
Finnishness as a soulscape : a mind's journey into space, time and humanity
Towards a comprehensive theory of musical emotions : a multidimensional research approach and some empirical findings
LAPSET-seminaarin artikkelijulkaisu 2004 = Proceedings of the LAPSET seminar 2004
Performing live : aesthetic alternatives for the ends of art / Richard Shusterman
The importance of staging a tourism experience
Articles on experiences . 3, Christmas experiences
Tourist experience : contemporary perspectives
Handbook on the experience economy
Adventure education : an introduction
A year of adventures : a guide to the world's most exciting experiences
Epic bike rides of the world : explore the planet's most thrilling cycling routes
Favorite green, waterside and urban environments : restorative experiences and perceived health in Finland
The potentiality of Spanish Cultural Events in Finnish society : Case: Introducing Cultural Spanish Events in Vaasa
From idea to plan : a business plan for SkyTouch Ltd
This book explores the ways in which emotions were conceptualised and practised in Christian mission contexts from the 17th-20th centuries. The authors show how emotional practices such as prayer, tears, and Methodist 'shouting', and feelings such as pity, joy and frustration, shaped relationships between missionaries and prospective converts.
Sport tourism development
Handbook for experience stagers
Customer satisfaction is a solid part of successful business. A company needs to value its existing and potential customers in order to maintain functions, receive profit and stay vital. The aim of this thesis is to provide a programme service and tourism activity enterprise Megazone Tampere information on the present level of customer satisfaction and the experiential image of the enterprise. Suggesting ideas for improvement and development is the main objective of this research. Customer satisfaction has been researched by various authors and theorists in time and there are multiple different approaches to it. In this case quantitative research was conducted as a questionnaire survey and structured interviews supplemented by observation. The collected data is processed with Tixel software and analysed using Experience Pyramid and SERVQUAL scale. The level of customer satisfaction in Megazone Tampere is very good and the enterprise can be seen as experiential. Majority of responses proved that the level of various operations and parts of Megazone Tampere is very good. The experiential image of the company is existent but needs to be systematically developed. The results indicate that further research in customer satisfaction in Megazone Tampere is required in order to follow the impacts of suggested and recommended changes. These recommendations include minor changes in the facilities and reorganising the marketing plan.
The Experience of Shopping for Tourists
Music alone : philosophical reflections on the purely musical experience
The experience science : a new discipline on the rise
Rock Hellsinki, Marketing Research
Customer satisfaction in experiential Megazone Tampere
Making your own days : the pleasure of reading and writing poetry
Glimpses of the workshop / Kalle Hamm
The development of aesthetic experience
Handbook for experience tourism agents
The hundred-foot journey
Decorativeness
The pleasures of aesthetics : philosophical essays
Marketing of adventure travels  : Destination South-America
CouchSurfers' motivations to host travelers in Spain
Renewing Team Competition for Himos-Safaris
Adding value to a hostel visit
Profiling the Adventure Tourist : Case Study New Zealand
Experiencing Long Haul Flight
A canoeing package through the archipelago : product development for 7 bridges archipelago
Development plan for the Ruka Disc Golf Park
Tourism Product Development : Case: Christmas Tourism - Kuhmo Kalevala Spirit Christmas Village
Tourism Marketing Opportunities in Russia : case : Kallioplanetaario
Adventure travel as experience seeking : a study of personality traits and the individual
Religious tourists : constructing authentic experiences in late modern Hungarian catholicism
TimeOut Adventure : Earth's most thrilling experiences
A tripartite model of tourist experience
Feeling beauty : the neuroscience of aesthetic experience
Adventure education : theory and applications
Understanding early Christian art
A meaningful experience : how is it done
Sports, adventure and recreational tourism
The purpose of this thesis was to establish a theoretical base of corporate social responsibility within business environment and study it in practical context with a case study approach. The aim was also to provide a developmental framework of corporate social responsibility for the target organisation.     The theoretical section covers a wide selection of the basic concepts within corporate social responsibility theory; main terms and definitions, aspects, relation to stakeholders, suggested reasoning and impacts and standards and measurement connected to it.     Target organisation of the case study was Merlin Entertainments Group and the Sea Life aquariums operated by it. Merlin is an international visitor attraction company that operates over 60 attractions in 13 countries. Sea Life aquariums are a large part of those attractions with 32 units in the world, 31 of them in Europe. The case study was conducted in 2009-2010 and included a variety of methods and materials; the organisation's internal and external materials, policies and other information, a survey to Sea Life managers and participant-observation.     Corporate social responsibility is a very current issue in the business and academic worlds alike. Although the issue as a whole is still much depated, and even without a clear, universally agreed definition, the interest and awareness are on the rise not only in the business and academic worlds but also amongst consumers and media. At its simplest, corporate social responsibility is about acknowledging and considering the impacts a business has on its environment and society and at least trying to minimise its negative impacts.     The case study revealed that Merlin Entertainment Group has taken a positive start on the corporate social responsibility issue on the group level with some established ground work on creating responsibility strategies and plans and cooperating with related organisations. However, on the unit level the issue is still rather unknown and responsibility issues have not been addressed yet although some form of responsible thinking can be seen in unit level actions on the practical level. Developing responsibility further will require top management commitment, efficient communication and resources.
The creative industries : culture and policy
The longing for authentic experiences : the subjective meaning of visual audience and amateur artists
Film Tourism: Study on How Films Can Be Used to Promote Tourism
Sense and senses in aesthetics
Arctic Lights Phenomena as an Attraction in Finnish Lapland
Weddings in the Wonderworld of Ice : Designing a wedding package for ICIUM Ice Park
The city in the experience economy : role and transformation
A small book about large group games
A meaningful experience : how is it done?
The impact of entertainment on tourism : case study: Agency Remarc in Greece
The other book
Tourism as experience tourists as consumers : insight and enlightenment
The horse who drank the sky : film experience beyond narrative and theory
First art for toddlers and twos : open-ended art experiences
Children's and families' holiday experience
Intercultural communication in experience tourism in the Inari area
Astonishment and evocation : the spell of culture in art and anthropology
In search of the ultimate high : spiritual experience through psychoactives
Conceptualizing special interest tourism : frameworks for analysis
Pleasure and the arts : enjoying literature, painting, and music
Product Development in Dark Tourism : Case: Topography of Terror (Berlin, Germany)
A year of adventures : a guide to where, what and when to do it
Why red doesn't sound like a bell : understanding the feel of consciousness
The leisure business and lifestyle
Works and worlds of art
London for lovers : romantic days and nights out in the city
Reconstructing a visitor typology based on recreation experiences
Primary art : it's the process, not the product
A world of experiences : how are leisure time and its activities experienced? : a Finnish viewpoint
Planning Marketing and Marketing Material for Levi Ice Hotel Luvattumaa
The effect of visual/aural conditions on the emotional response to music
Analysing and developing corporate social responsibility in Merlin Entertainments Group and the Sea Life aquariums
Yoga Bitch
To see the silence and the scream : the mystical potential of the image
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
CouchSurfing - a choice for travellers
Emotions and Christian missions : historical perspectives
Entrepreneurial opportunity identification in adventure tourism : process abd individual factors
Manufacturing leisure : innovations in happiness, well-being and fun
Heston's fantastical feasts
Across an inland sea : writing in place from Buffalo to Berlin
A-B-C - shaping alphabets with methods of outdoor and multisensory learning
The book of human emotions : an encyclopedia of feeling from anger to wanderlust
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Koli National Park: Eden Revisited?
Abstract: This bachelor's thesis was conducted as a case study for restaurant Comico of Naururavintolat Oy. The aim of the study was to measure how customers perceive  experiences during their restaurant visit in the case company and to determine  whether the case company can be identified as an experience service provider. Other objectives were to identify certain details, such as ways to improve the  perception of experiences. The theoretical part of thesis was gathered from marketing and business literature, articles and previous publications all related to the topics at hand. The theory examines experience industry as a whole, with emphasis on customer's perception over different components related to a restaurant service. Customers are at central  focus in this study, which means that individual factors such as emotions, preferences and expectations are carefully investigated. A qualitative method was chosen for the empirical part of the study. An openended questionnaire was designed to interview customers. Interviews were recorded. Subsequently, restaurant's manager was interviewed with the same  technique. The interviews were summarized and analysed by using content  analysis. The results of the interviews are spread throughout the text along with  the theory. The results provide a direction to develop Comico's ability to act in the future. The case company's overall service process is good, yet some details should be improved regarding service attitude of the employees, consistency of the theme  and decorative details. The case company is also recommended to conduct a quantitative research to measure customer satisfaction. The most important  outcome of this thesis was to provide a framework for any restaurant business  willing to succeed in the field of experience industry. This thesis not only helps  service companies to identify failure points within their service processes but also  gives suggestions and examples how to improve them..
Experience the chill of a lifetime!
