http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3219 political systems
political systems
Political processes in Czechoslovakia 1949-1953 : an instrument of legitimation of the communist regime
The political system in Austria
Abstract: Schisms in politics or political parties?.
The Soviet crucible : the Soviet system in theory and practice
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Modern political systems : Europe
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
Contemporary democracies : participation, stability, and violence
The challenge of change : crisis in our two-party system
Comparative politics today : a world view
British government and politics : a comparative guide
The modern state and politics
The honorary consul
Territory, authority, rights : from medieval to global assemblages
Government and politics in the Nordic countries : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
Government & politics in the Nordic Countries : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
Four African political systems
The American political system
Rethinking popular representation
Government and Parliament : a survey from the inside
Democracy by decree : prospects and limits of imposed consociational democracy in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The government and politics of Britain
Locational approaches to power and conflict
Politics and government : how people decide their fate
Dutch government and politics. Rudy B. Andeweg and Galen A. Irwin
Models of democracy in Nordic and Baltic Europe : political institutions and discourse
International business : the new realities
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Government and politics in Japan : the road to democracy
Abstract: The paradoxes of power in South Africas's political transition.
Democracy in America
Ideology, politics, and government in the Soviet Union : an introduction
The Queen's government
The constitution of liberty
Business brief: Britain
Whither Malawi? : competing discourses on the postcolony
Political systems of Latin America
The Soviet system of government
Introduction to Japanese politics
Modern government : a survey of political science
Semi-presidential aspects in the year 2000 Constitution of Finland
THE POLITICAL DYNAMICS OF JAPAN
The rise of the vice presidency
POLITICAL SYSTEMS OF THE WORLD
Political parties : their organization and activity in the modern state
Democracy, intermediation and voting on four continents
Contemporary France : essays and texts on politics, economics and society
Irish political studies reader : key contributions
How nations are governed
Bureaucracy and political development
Regional integration and the state : the changing nature of sovereignty in Southern Africa and Europe
Corporatism and comparative politics : the other great "ism"
Oxford companion to politics in India
The American political process
Politics in transition
Government and administration in western Europe
Power and policy in the U.S.S.R. : the study of Soviet dynastics
Australian democracy : an introduction to the political system
Soviet democracy and bourgeois sovietology
Other governments of Europe : Sweden, Spain, Italy, Yugoslavia, and East Germany
The growth and structuring of mass politics in western Europe : reflections of possible models of explanation
Modern political constitutions : an introduction to the comparative study of their history and existing form
Switzerland's political institutions
Our American government
Politics Russia
Political thought in England : Locke to Bentham
The accountability and audit of governments : a comparative study
Comparative politics of the Middle East : an introduction
Government and law : an introduction to the working of the constitution in Britain
Comparing political systems
Democracy. Vol. 2
Prospects for democracy in Asia
The social structure of socialist society - the Polish interpretation
This book explores the ways in which representative democracy works in two neighbouring collections of European states: the Nordic (Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden) and the Baltic (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania). Starting from a Nordic vantage point, contributors explore the extent to which aspects of politics function similarly or dissimilarly across the two groups of democratic states, acknowledging the differences in models of democracy that occur within each group. Authors explore the possibility that some of the apparently successful institutional features of Nordic politics have somehow influenced politics in the Baltic states, despite the considerable contextual differences between the two groups. The Nordic-Baltic comparison is particularly worthy of study, given the comparative stability of the Nordic democracies and the half century of occupation by a totalitarian dictatorship that the Baltic states endured.The central, guiding questions are: how does political representation work in countries that have a lot in common, but also a few significant contextual dissimilarities; and what, if any, relationships between the respective styles of democracy can be identified? Using a variety of theories, perspectives and methods, the empirical studies that populate the book seek to offer reflections on these questions.
The idea of a party system : the rise of legitimate opposition in the United States, 1780-1840
Understanding Japanese society
With its empirical focus on the South, this book takes its point of departure in the movement for liberalisation and democratisation that characterised the 1980s and 1990s.
Opposition politics in independent Zimbabwe
The politics of Northern Ireland
Russian legal culture before and after communism : criminal justice, politics and the public sphere
Asia: challenge at dawn : personalism versus marxism
Political life and institutions in Norway
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
The British system of government
Comparative government : a reader
The government of Britain
Government and politics in Southeast Asia
How the Soviet system works : cultural, psychological, and social themes
Democracy in black Africa : survival and revival
Introduction to British politics
Politics in America
European policy-making, implementation and subcentral governments: a survey
The American presidency
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
Major European governments
The Canberra model : essays on Australian government
Constitutional government in India
On the Soviet state apparatus : articles and speeches
Factionalism in Chinese communist politics
Democracy. Vol. 1
Political organization : volume two of The elements of political science
Modern political regimes : patterns and institutions
The dynamics of federalism in Russia : a study of formal and informal power resources of the regional chief executives in Russian centre-region relations
The elements of political science. Vol. 2, Political organization
A United Kingdom : an argument and a challenge for a better Britain
Building a professional learning community in a conflict and post-conflict environment : a case-study of a high school in Liberia
American state politics : an introduction
Democracy. Vol. 4
Japan's political system
Politics in everyday life
Contemporary British politics
Authoritarian Russia : analyzing post-Soviet regime changes
The Government of the Soviet Union
American politics and society
US government and politics
American government : national, state, local
Substance and style of cabinet decision-making
The state in Myanmar
Abstract: Order or autonomy? The concept of power in the Finnish constitutional debate of 1918.
African political systems
Politics and power in the U.S.A
Democracy. Vol. 3
Comparative European politics
Major governments of Asia
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
The Soviet system in theory and practice : Western and Soviet views
The United States political system and how it works
The Soviet political system : a book of readings
Modern politics and government
