http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3213 mycoses
mycoses
Plant disease epidemiology. Vol.2, Genetics, resistance and management
Detection of forest damage with multi-temporal ERS-1 SAR data
Dead flower buds of pear : control measurements and Alternaria alternata as causal agent
Moss-Erwinia pathosystem reveals possible similarities in pathogenesis and pathogen defense in vascular and nonvascular plants
Broom-corn smut
Illustrated genera of rust fungi
Veterinary microbiology : bacterial and fungal agents of animal disease
Fumonisin B1 and beauvericin accumulation in wheat kernels after seed-borne infection with Fusarium proliferatum
Pine dieback by Sphaeropsis sapinea in Northern and Central Italy
Fungus diseases of tropical crops
Biotechnological approaches in biocontrol of plant pathogens
Diagnosing injury to eastern forest trees : a manual for identifying damage caused by air pollution, pathogens, insects, and abiotic stresses
Fungi on plants and plant products in the United States
Proceedings of the sixth International Conference on Root and Butt Rots of Forest Trees. Melbourne, Victoria and Gymbie, Queensland, Australia, August 25-31, 1983
Timing of Scots pine branch damage caused by large-tree type of Gremmeniella abietina var. abietina and the structure of epidemics in northern Finland
Indirect selection for resistance to fusiform rust in Loblolly pine
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
Botrytis : biology, pathology and control
Heat disinfestation of decay fungi found in post-mountain pine beetle wood
Orange Rust of Raspberry and Blackberry
Effects of broom rusts on spruce and fir
Compendium of flowering potted plant diseases
Recent advances in medical and veterinary mycology : Proceedings of the 6th congress of the International society for human and animal mycology, Tokyo, 1975
Atlas of fungal infections
Cloning and characterisation of xylanase genes from phytopathogenic fungi with a special reference to Helminthosporium turcicum, the cause of northern leaf blight of maize
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Tomato Diseases : Kusadai, Turkey, October 8-12, 2007
Hospital epidemiology and infection control
Leptographium root diseases on conifers
Phytotoxins and plant pathogenesis
The ecological impact of fungal infections on wildlife populations
Textbook of diagnostic microbiology
Studies on Nectria cinnabarina : hosts and variations
On-farm post-harvest management of food grains : a manual for extension workers with special reference to Africa
Turfgrass patch diseases caused by ectotrophic root-infecting fungi
Methods for research on soilborne phytopathogenic fungi
Modelling the risk of pine twisting rust (Melampsora pinitorqua) damage in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stands in Finland
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Oospores of Phytophthora infestans in soil provide an important new source of primary inoculum in Finland
The powdery mildews (Erysiphales) of Europe
Microfungi on land plants : an identification handbook
Fungi causing tar spots on palms
Occurence, host range and impact of leaf pathogen fungi on forest trees in Hungary
Mode of action of antifungal agents
Variability of Peronospora sparsa (syn. P. rubi) in Finland as measured by amplified fragment length polymorphism
There is clear evidence that higher quality produce fetches higher prices and simple post-harvest management practices can improve the quality of produce and increase farm income. In this regard, farmers can benefit greatly from advice and training in post-harvest management to maintain quality and add value to produce. This manual provides guidance on post-harvest management of food grains at the farm. It aims to guide extension workers on how to advise farmers in maintaining and adding value to the quality of their stored produce--Publisher's description.
Timing of fungicide control of Gremmeniella abietina on Scots pine seedlings
Applied mycology and biotechnology. Vol. 4, Fungal genomics
Clonal types of oral yeasts in relation to age, health, and geography
Foliage plant diseases : diagnosis and control
Vegetable diseases : a color handbook
Fungal diseases of animals
The epidemiology of human mycotic diseases
An anatomical study of the fruit-body of the wood-rotting fungus Ganoderma lucidum (Leys.) Karst. in Palestine
Effects of living crown reduction on needle element status of Scots pine
Fusarium proliferatum is a fungal pathogen causing ear rot of maize. The fungus infects a range of other plants but the economic impact of these diseases has not been established. Recently, F. proliferatum and its mycotoxin fumonisin were found in wheat grains. Here we report that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum resulted in systemic colonization of wheat plants and contamination of wheat grains with fumonisins and beauvericin. F. proliferatum strains originating from different hosts were able to infect wheat via seeds. Colonization of wheat plants with the fungus was highest in the stems, followed by leaves; one third of the strains reached kernels, causing accumulation of fumonisins and beauvericin to 15-55 µg kg-1. The results show that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum can lead to contamination of wheat kernels with mycotoxins fumonisins and beauvericin..
Systematic arrangement of Australian fungi together with host-index and list of works on the subject
Rice blast modeling and forecasting : selected papers from the International rice research conference, 27-31 August 1990, Seoul, Korea
Microbes of peat and their use in plant disease control
Responses of juvenile poplars to inoculation with Septoria musiva can predict their long-term canker disease resistance
Pathogenesis and host specificity in plant diseases : histopathological, biochemical, genetic and molecular bases. Vol. 2, Eukaryotes
Veterinary medical mycology
Phomopsis occulta as a landscape pathogen of Dougla-fir
Fungi, rats, insects : thieves of stored grain, how to fight them!
Climate change-induced alterations in growth, amino acids, phenolics and fungal infections of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.)
Foodborne disease handbook 3: plant toxicants. Volume 3, Plant toxicants
Diseases of head lettuce in Minnesota
World without trees : Dutch elm disease and other human errors
Growing plantation forests
Proceedings of the IIIrd International Late Blight Conference : Beijing, China, April 3-6, 2008
Clinical mycology
Mushroom pest and disease control : a color handbook
Some mechanisms of resistance of mycorrhizae to pathogenic infections
Anther-smut disease in Silene dioica
Atlas of entomopathogenic fungi
Resistance of crop plants against fungi
Verticillium wilt of potato in relation to symptoms, epidemiology and variability of the pathogen
The Erysiphaceae of Norway
Bacteria isolated from injuries to growning spruce trees (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Spore dispersal of Heterobasidion annosum and simulations of the spread of butt rot in Picea abies stands in Finland
Advances in fungal biotechnology for industry, agriculture, and medicine
Manual of medical mycology
Impact of some crown diseases in Trentino woods
Compendium of strawberry diseases
The British smut fungi : Ustilaginales
Biodiversity and systematics of pathogens in forest trees : practicals
A colour handbook of diseases of small grain cereal crops
A monograph of Cercosporella, Ramularia and allied genera (phytopathogenic Hyphomycetes). Vol. 2
The fungus fighters : two women scientists and their discovery
Fungal plant pathogens causing cereal diseases in Finland have been studied by a literature survey, and a field survey of cereal leaf spot diseases conducted in 2009. Fifty-seven cereal fungal diseases have been identified in Finland. The first available references on different cereal fungal pathogens were published in 1868 and the most recent reports are on the emergence of Ramularia collo-cygni and Fusarium langsethiae in 2001. The incidence of cereal leaf spot diseases has increased during the last 40 years. Based on the field survey done in 2009 in Finland, Pyrenophora teres was present in 86%, Cochliobolus sativus in 90% and Rhynchosporium secalis in 52% of the investigated barley fields. Mycosphaerella graminicola was identified for the first time in Finnish spring wheat fields, being present in 6% of the studied fields. Stagonospora nodorum was present in 98% and Pyrenophora tritici-repentis in 94% of spring wheat fields. Oat fields had the fewest fungal diseases. Pyrenophora chaetomioides was present in 63% and Cochliobolus sativus in 25% of the oat fields studied.
This book provides an overview of our current knowledge of some plant-pathogen interactions in economically important crops, emphasizing the importance of pathogenic fungi on fruits, cereals, postharvest crops and the establishment of plant diseases and drawing together fundamental new information on their management strategies based on conventional and eco-friendly methods, with an emphasis on the use of microorganisms and various biotechnological aspects of agriculture, which could lead to sustainability in modern agriculture. The book examines the role of microbes in growth promotion, as bioprotectors and bioremediators, and presents practical strategies for using microbes in sustainable agriculture. In addition, the use of botanicals vis-a-vis chemical pesticides is also reviewed. Contributions on new research fields such as mycorrhizas and endophytes are included. The book also examines in different chapters host-pathogen interactions in the light of the new tools and techniques of molecular biology and genetics.
Seedling diseases of some important forest tree species and their management
Diseases of tropical fruit crops
Mackie & McCartney practical medical microbiology
Causal agents of butt-rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
Proceedings of the International Conference on Postharvest Pest and Disease Management in Exporting Horticultural Crops : PPDM2012 : Bangkok, Thailand, February 21-24, 2012
Ceratocystis and Ophiostoma : taxonomy, ecology, and pathogenicity
Studies on zoophilic dermatophytes and contaminant fungi of the skin with special reference to mycological characterization
Early microbial community development in stems of Picea abies inoculated with characterised decay fungi, non-decay fungi and bacteria
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
A monograph of Cercosporella, Ramularia and allied genera (phytopathogenic Hyphomycetes). Vol. 1
Bronchopulmonary occurrence of fungi in adults : especially according to cultivation material
Turfgrass diseases and associated disorders
General survey of plant diseases and pathogenic organisms in the U. A. R. (Egypt) until 1962
Field assessment of resistance in potato to Phytophthora infestans : international cooperators guide
Septoria and Selenophoma species on Graminae in Finland
Zoonoses and communicable diseases common to man and animals
Oral immune defense against chronic hyperplastic candidosis
Effects of two AM fungi on phytoplasma infection in the model plant Chrysanthemum carinatum
A guide to common insects and diseases of forest trees in the northeastern United States
Modern assays for plant pathogenic fungi : identification, detection and quantification. edited by A. Schots, F. M. Dewey and R. Oliver
Infectious Diseases of the Skin : Dirk M. Elston
Identification of Rhizoctonia species
Coccidioidomycosis : Sixth International Symposium
Diseases of Scots pine in Finland
Butt-rot in Norway spruce in southern Finland
The parasitism of Colletotrichum lindemuthianum
Management of fungal plant pathogens
Relationship between Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini
Cronartium comandrae in the Rocky Mountain States
Systemic fungal diseases in natural plant populations
Tubercularia ulmea canker: effect of pathogen, host, and cultural practice
Conidial germination initiation in the fungal antagonist Trichoderma harzianum (atroviride) P1 in the context of biological control of plant disease = Betydning av spirigaktivisering i den antagonistiske soppen Trichoderma harzianum (atroviride) P! for biologisk kontroll av plantesykdommer
The management of fungicide resistance in cereals in Finland
Armillaria root disease
Field crop diseases
Tree diseases and disorders : causes, biology, and control in forest and amenity trees
Meeting the challenge of yellow rust in cereal crops : proceedings of the First Regional Conference on Yellow Rust in the Central and West Asia and North Africa Region, 8-14 May 2001, Karaj, Iran
The tree rusts of Western Canada
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
Diseases of plants cultivated in Connecticut
Control of nursery diseases and pests in Finnish forest tree nurseries
Mycoses in domestic animals
Fungal diseases of the potato : report of the planning conference on fungal diseases of the potato, held at CIP, Lima, September 21-25, 1987.
Old and fresh Gremmeniella abietina damage on Scots pine in eastern Lapland in 1992.
Wood and tree fungi : biology, damage, protection, and use
Groundnut rust disease : proceedings of a Discussion Group meeting, 24-28 Sep 1984, ICRISAT Center, India
Preliminary observations on the occurrence of Ciboria batschiana (Zopf) Buchwald in the Czech Republic
Fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Shimoga district, Karnataka, India
A colour atlas and textbook of the histopathology of mycotic diseases
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 2, Fungicides
The Plasmodiophorales : including a complete host index, bibliography, and a description of diseases caused by species of this order
Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the Fourteenth Crucifer Genetics Workshop and Fourth ISHS Symposium on Brassicas : Daejeon, Korea, October 24-28, 2004
Plant-derived antimycotics : current trends and future prospects
Heterobasidion annosum : biology, ecology, impact and control
Taxonomic manual of the Erysiphales (powdery mildews)
The pathogenicity of Fusarium niveum (EFS.) and the development of wilt resistant strains of Citrullus vulgaris (Schrad.)
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
History and consequences of migrations, changes in epidemiology and population structure of potato late blight, Phytophthora infestans, in Finland from 1845 to 2011
Cucurbit diseases : a practical guide for seedsmen; growers & agricultural advisors
Some recent findings concerning Phacidium infestans in Northern Sweden
The smuts of Illinois' agricultural plants
Common skin diseases : a handbook for the aesthetician
Phytophthora in nurseries and forest stands
Biotic and abiotic forest damage in 2000.
Disease damage to the foliage of cultivated grasses in Finland
Rhizoctonia solani as a potato pathogen : variation of isolates in Finland and host response
Crucifer diseases : a practical guide for seedsmen, growers & agricultural advisors
Modern mycology
Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Tomato Diseases : Orlando, Florida, USA, June 21-24, 2004
Diagnosis of mycotoxicoses : a publication based on the symposium on the diagnosis of mycotoxicoses of importance in the United States and Japan
Cell-mediated immunity in dermatophytosis
Physiological and molecular analysis of the interaction between the conifer pathogen Heterobasidion annosum s.I. and Phlebiopsis gigantea
The emergence of cereal fungal diseases and the incidence of leaf spot diseases in Finland
Factors favouring pathogenesis of Gremmeniella abietina
Incidence of the conidiophores of Fomes annosus (Fr.) Cooke on the logging waste of spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Fungal diseases of the lung
Monitoring and control of Plasmodiophora brassicae in spring oilseed Brassica crops
Lists of parasitical fungi and of hosts of such fungi : Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden. 1, Pinus, Populus, Quercus for IUFRO
Phytoplasmas are plant pathogenic bacteria, naturally transmitted by insects and confined in the phloem of the host plant, where they take up nutrients and eventually cause plant death. Their control is mainly based on insecticide treatments. The aim of this work was to study the effect of two AM fungi in modifying plant response to chrysanthemum yellows phytoplasma (CY) infection in chrysanthemum plants. Inoculation of Glomus intraradices BB-E and G. mosseae BEG12 reduced the damage caused by this plant pathogen in the aerial part of the plant, increased plant tolerance to the infection and reduced the severity of symptom expression, probably in a systemic way. Inoculation with G. mosseae did not alter CY multiplication and viability in young leaves, whilst the morphology of CY mature leaves was typical of senescent cells. Possible mechanisms involved are discussed.
On Finnish micromycetes 6 : the Phragmidium species on roses in Eastern Fennoscandia, with special reference to the cariation in the size of the spores
Heat disinfestation of mountain pine beetle-affected wood
Hendersonia, Phaeoseptoria and Stagonospora on Graminae in Finland
