http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3220 elites
elites
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Henry Adams and his world
The Medieval legends of philosophers and scholars
Classes and elites in democracy and democratization : a collection of readings
Mau Mau's children : the making of Kenya's postcolonial elite
Managing legal uncertainty : elite lawyers in the New Deal
Financial elites and transnational business : who rules the world?
Zbig : the strategy and statecraft of Zbigniew Brzezinski
Red queen
Violence and the state in Languedoc, 1250-1400
Elites in Latin America
The elected elite : a socio-economic profile of candidates in Tanzania's parliamentary election 1970
Who rules Japan? : the inner circles of economic and political power
Plutocrats : the rise of the new global super-rich and the fall of everyone else
The Mao case
Plutocrats : the rise of the new global super-rich
Domyoji Tsukasa is as jealous as ever with the arrival of Thomas while lurid and embarassing photos emerge of Tsukushi and Thomas emerge. / WorldCat.
President vs. parliament : the elite struggle in the attempt to privatize Russia
Community politics : a behavioral approach
Boys over flowers. 4 = Hana yori dango. 4
Elites, enterprise, and the making of the British overseas empire, 1688-1775
The elites
Elites in the Middle East
Nomenklatura : gospodstvujuščij klass Sovetskogo Sojuza = Nomenklatura : the ruling class in the Soviet Union
The comparative study of political elites
Venice and Amsterdam : a study of seventeenth-century élites
Tsukushi continues to fight back against the F4 and protect an old friend. / WorldCat.
Vagrants and citizens : politics and the masses in Mexico City from Colony to Republic
The rise and fall of the elites : an application of theoretical sociology
Elites and the idea of equality : a comparison of Japan, Sweden, and the United States
Ruin and rising
Boys over flowers. 2 = Hana yori dango. 2
This Discussion Paper draws attention to the often overlooked aspects of the limits, poverty and contradictions embedded in the "unfinished business" of the Zimbabwe nation state project. It is located within the broader context of the crisis of the nation-state in an African continent increasingly buffeted by waves of globalisation. It also revisits the debate on whether postcolonial nationalism can completely avoid reproducing the racial and ethnic discrimination that characterised its colonial past. Zeroing in on Zimbabwe, the paper argues that the nation-state crisis has roots in the legacy of settler colonialism, the ethnic fragmentation that marked the history of the liberation movement and the character of the nationalist elite. Its critique of the politics of the nationalist and political elite, the Lancaster House Agreement, the National Democratic Revolution and the Global Political Agreement makes this paper an important contribution to the debates on the real legacy of the liberation struggle in Zimbabwe and the prospects for a common national identity based on nationalism, social justice, inclusive democracy and development in the country.
The mental strategies of elite climbing Sherpas
The big spenders
Behold the dreamers : a novel
Boys over flowers. 8 = Hana yori dango. 8
Bobos in paradise : the new upper class and how they got there
Who's running America? : the Bush era
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
Tsukuski's life becomes even more complicated when she accidently shares a kiss with Domyoji at a summer party and he brags to everyone in school that she is in love with him. / WorldCat.
Who rules Britain?
An unexpected guest : a novel
The migratory elite
Culture and privilege in capitalist Asia
The cultural identification and alienation of the Arab intelligentsia : a theoretical background and typological outline
Elites : choice, leadership and succession
Boys over flowers. 9 = Hana yori dango. 9
Politics and legitimacy in Post-Soviet Eurasia
Boys over flowers. 7 = Hana yori dango. 7
A history of the Guyanese working people, 1881-1905
Fragile hierarchies : the urban elites of third century Roman Egypt
Beyond the ruling class : strategic elites in modern society
Boys over flowers. 6 = Hana yori dango. 6
The world of the Shining Prince : court life in ancient Japan
Vanguards of modernity : society, intellectuals, and the university
Local notables and the City Council
A community elite and the public library : the uses of information in leadership
Superclass : how the rich ruined our world
Building an authoritarian polity : Russia in post-Soviet times
Former people : the last days of the Russian aristocracy
The Rotters' club
Slaves of the Shah : new elites of Safavid Iran
Money, morals, and politics : Massachusetts in the age of the Boston Associates
The state nobility : elite schools in the field of power
Strategies for international legitimacy : a comparative study of elite behavior in ethnic conflicts
Queens, queen mothers, priestesses, and power : case studies in African gender
Banner legacy : the rise of the Fengtian local elite at the end of the Qing
China's higher leadership in the socialist transition
The cognitive world of Swedish security elites
What makes the nobility noble? : comparative perspectives from the sixteenth to the twentieth century
Elites and classes in the transformation of state socialism
From East Germans to Germans? : the new postcommunist elites
The successor : a novel
Elites and political power in the USSR
Elites and identities in post-Soviet space
How difficult can it be to be a sir? : Finnish expatriates in Malaysia
Political legitimacy has become a scarce resource in Russia and other post-Soviet states in Eurasia. Their capacity to deliver prosperity has suffered from economic crisis, the conflict in Ukraine and the ensuing confrontation with the West. Will nationalism and repression enable political regimes to survive? This book investigates the politics of legitimation in post-Soviet countries, focusing on how political and intellectual elites exploit different modes of legitimation. Combining cross-national comparisons and country case studies, it addresses state-economy relations, pro-presidential parties, courts, ideas of nationhood, historical and literary narratives. Weak economic performance, evidence of electoral fraud, unresponsive governments and the waning authority of presidents continue to jeopardize institutional legitimacy. Whilst incumbent elites have been able to shift between legitimation modes, this collection argues that shifts towards nationalism, artificial charisma and traditionalism will not be sufficient in the long term to keep elites in power.
Capital : a portrait of twenty-first century Delhi
The new few or A very British oligarchy
Agrarian elites and Italian fascism : the province of Bologna, 1901-1926
Intellectuals and the French Communist Party : disillusion and decline
The opened letter : networking in the early modern British world
Pathways to power : civic elites in the eastern part of the Roman Empire : proceedings of the International Workshop held at Athens, Scuola archeologica italiana di Atene, 19 December 2005
Boys over flowers. 1 = Hana yori dango. 1
"Graeme Gill shows why post-Soviet Russia has failed to achieve the democratic outcome widely expected at the time of the fall of the Soviet Union, instead emerging as an authoritarian polity. He argues that the decisions of dominant elites have been central to the construction of an authoritarian polity, and explains how this occurred in four areas of regime-building: the relationship with the populace, the manipulation of the electoral system, the internal structure of the regime itself, and the way the political elite has been stabilised. Instead of the common 'Yeltsin is a democrat, Putin an autocrat' paradigm, this book shows how Putin built upon the foundations that Yeltsin had laid. It offers a new framework for the study of an authoritarian political system, and is therefore relevant not just to Russia but to many other authoritarian polities"--
At the southern edge of the European Union : the relations between Egypt and the EU before the revolution of 2011
History and silence : purge and rehabilitation of memory in late antiquity
The politics of magnate power in England and Wales, 1389-1413
...and the truth shall set you free
The high-status track : studies of elite schools and stratification
The sociology of elites. 2, Critical perspectives
The new elites : making a career in the masses
Elites : new comparative perspectives
Boys over flowers. 5 = Hana yori dango. 5
The empire of the text : writing and authority in early imperial China
Political development and elite transformation in Denmark
Modern and traditional elites in the politics of Lagos
Elite images of Dutch politics : accommodation and conflict
Boys over flowers. 10 = Hana yori dango. 10
The élite in the welfare state
Roman thought he'd found the perfect opportunity to rebel. He may have been wrong. He awakens strapped to a set of parallel bars in a richly appointed sitting room, and begins a conversation with a masked man which will change his life. His world has been a facade - one which the mysterious Brahma is about to tear away. A stunning novel about the real world, and about the hidden chanels of power behind the scenes, EMPIRE V is a post-modern satirical novel exploring the cults and corruption of politics, banking and power. And not only are these cults difficult to join - it turns out they may be impossible to leave ...
The heights of power : an essay on the power elite in France
Stalinist reconstruction and the confirmation of a new elite : 1945-53
Stealing people
The politics of elite culture : explorations in the dramaturgy of power in a modern African society
Intellectual and political elites of the enlightenment
Londongrad : from Russia with cash the inside story of the oligarchs
Russia's rulers under the old regime
Elite foundations of liberal democracy
Elite in Greek and Roman antiquity
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Empire V : the Prince of Hamlet
The Mandarins : the circulation of elites in China, 1600-1900
Elites and power in British society
Who's running America? : the Carter years
Clay
Elite recruitment and coherence of the inner core of power in Finland : changing patterns during the economic crises of 1991-2011
The sociology of elites. 1, The study of elites
Tsukushi and Rui kiss on the beach and are caught by Tsukasa. Now, Tsukasa will do anything in his power to punish them. He orders Tsukushi never speak to him again and kicks Rui out of the F4. Not even his sister, back from America, can change his mind. / WorldCat.
Born to rule : British political elites
Japan's protoindustrial elite : the economic foundations of the gōnō
New girl
Comparative studies of social and political elites
The rise and rise of meritocracy
Elites in Australia
Rank and participation in the republican senate
Between dreams and reality : the military examination in late Chosŏn Korea, 1600-1894
Superclass : the global power elite and the world they are making
In order to avoid expulsion, Rui and Tsukushi must defeat the F4 in a basketball game. Then, Tsubaki forces Tsukushi and Rui to spend the night together alone, and Tsukushi finds out that Rui is unable to get over Shizuka. / WorldCat.
An algebra of Soviet power : elite circulation in the Belorussian Republic 1966-86
Researching the powerful in education
Essays on elite networks in Sweden : power, social integration, and informal contacts among political elites
Restructuring the Soviet economic bureaucracy
Tsukushi Makino is accepted into the prestigious, Eitoku Academy, but her life changes when the F4 decides she should be bullied. / WorldCat.
In other rooms, other wonders
Transforming English rural society : the Verneys and the Claydons, 1600-1820
Chiefdoms : power, economy, and ideology
"Although it is often assumed that resurgent royal government eliminated so-called private warfare, the French judicial archives reveal nearly one hundred such wars waged in Languedoc and the Auvergne between the mid-thirteenth and the end of the fourteenth century. Royal administrators often intervened in these wars, but not always in order to suppress 'private violence' in favour of 'public justice.' They frequently recognised elites' own power and legitimate prerogatives, and elites were often fully complicit with royal intervention. Much of the engagement between royal officers and local elites came through informal processes of negotiation and settlement, rather than through the imposition of official justice. The expansion of royal authority was due as much to local cooperation as to conflict, a fact that ensured its survival during the fourteenth-century's crises. This book thus provides a new narrative of the rise of the French state and a fresh perspective on aristocratic violence"--
Elites, minorities and economic growth
Origins of the Russian intelligentsia : the eighteenth-century nobility
Crossing boundaries in Tokugawa society : Suzuki Bokushi, a rural elite commoner
Former people : the final days of Russian aristocracy
The racket : a rogue reporter vs the masters of the universe
Economic elites, crises, and democracy : alternatives beyond neoliberal capitalism
Northern european elites in historical perspectives
The power elite
The Zimbabwean nation-state project : a historical diagnosis of identity and power-based conflicts in a postcolonial state
Touch & go
Elites and society
Art, an enemy of the people
The new elites of tropical Africa : studies presented and discussed at the sixth international African seminar at the university of Ibadan, Nigeria, July 1964
The view from Vesuvius : Italian culture and the southern question
World revolutionary elites : studies in coercive ideological movements
Classes, power, and conflict : classical and contemporary debates
Friendly fascism : the new face of power in America
Take six girls : the lives of the Mittford sisters
Building the Russian state : institutional crisis and the quest for democratic governance
Scottish elites : proceedings of the Scottish Historical Studies Seminar, University of Strathclyde 1991-1992
Boys over flowers. 3 = Hana yori dango. 3
State and society in middle and late Silla
Vanity fair : A novel without a hero
Could Tsukushi Makino really fall under Tsukasa Domyoji's spell? Desire and jealously walk hand in hand as the crazed Tsukasa seeks revenge on behalf of Tsukushi. / WorldCat.
Upstate Arcadia : landscape, aesthetics, and the triumph of social differentiation in America
Noble ways and democratic means : [forum on Eric J. Hobsbawm]
Tsukasa returns to Japan news of Kinsan's identity, but Tsukushi has trouble accepting the truth. When Kinsan invites Tsukushi to a party and declares his intentions toward her, Tsukasa makes a scene. Plus, Tsukasa comes up with a plan to help Tsukushi make money. / WorldCat.
They number six thousand on a planet of six billion. They run our governments, our largest corporations, the powerhouses of international finance, the media, world religions, and, from the shadows, the world's most dangerous criminal and terrorist organizations. They are the global superclass, and they are shaping the history of our time. Today's superclass has achieved unprecedented levels of wealth and power. They have globalized more rapidly than any other group. But do they have more in common with one another than with their own countrymen, as nationalist critics have argued? Has their influence fed the growing economic and social inequity that divides the world? Who sets the rules for a group that operates beyond national laws? Drawn from exclusive interviews and extensive original reporting, this book draws back the curtain on a privileged society that most of us know little about, even though it profoundly affects our lives.--From publisher description.
The dynastic state and the Army under Louis XIV : royal service and private interest, 1661-1701
Political institutionalization and the integration of elites
Inspiring elite action for a more just society? : media framing of elite social responsibility in an unequal, unconsolidated democracy : a case study from Namibia
Elite discourse and racism
Intellectuals and politics
Elites in French society : the politics of survival
Power, modernity and sociology : selected sociological writings
The sociology of elites. 3, Interlocking directorships and corporate networks
The few and the many : a typology of elites
The revolt of the elites and the betrayal of democracy
King's cage
The gentry : the rise and fall of a ruling class
Born into a middle class family and considered poor compared to her wealthy classmates, typical teenager Tsukushi Makino deals with life, love, and new classmates after she is accepted into the prestigious Eitoku academy. / WorldCat.
