http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3225 elections
elections
Joint report on the 1996 Palestinian elections
Contributed essays chiefly on the post 1947 scene.
Fair representation : meeting the ideal of one man, one vote
"When Bernie Sanders began his race for the presidency, it was considered by the political establishment and the media to be a "fringe" campaign, something not to be taken seriously. After all, he was just an independent senator from a small state with little name recognition. His campaign had no money, no political organization, and it was taking on the entire Democratic Party establishment. By the time Sanders's campaign came to a close, however, it was clear that the pundits had gotten it wrong. Bernie had run one of the most consequential campaigns in the modern history of the country. He had received more than 13 million votes in primaries and caucuses throughout the country, won twenty-two states, and more than 1.4 million people had attended his public meetings. Most important, he showed that the American people were prepared to take on the greed and irresponsibility of corporate America and the 1 percent. In Our Revolution, Sanders shares his personal experiences from the campaign trail, recounting the details of his historic primary fight and the people who made it possible. And for the millions looking to continue the political revolution, he outlines a progressive economic, environmental, racial, and social justice agenda that will create jobs, raise wages, protect the environment, and provide health care for all--and ultimately transform our country and our world for the better. For him, the political revolution has just started. The campaign may be over, but the struggle goes on."--Provided by publisher.
Elections in independent Africa
Class and party in the Eisenhower years : class roles and perspectives in the 1952 and 1956 elections
The electoral process
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
National Audit Office's reports to Parliament on the monitoring of election financing
The regional roots of Russia's political regime
Report of the international observer mission, Palau referendum, December 1986
The British general election of 1959
Stabbed in the front : post-war General Elections through political cartoons
"The African Governance Report, the most comprehensive report on governance in Africa, assesses and monitors the progress of African countries on governance, identifies capacity gaps in governance institutions and proposes policies and strategic interventions to improve governance on the continent. This third edition of the Report, while continuing to monitor governance trends, adopts a thematic approach: elections and the management of diversity in Africa. Elections are central to democratic governance and the political management of diversity in plural societies. While elections are held with greater regularity in Africa, their content and quality remains suspect in many countries, with Africa's rich diversity deployed as a combustive tool in electoral conflicts. Elections have often triggered conflict, with violence, tensions, acrimonies and sharp elite divisions surrounding electoral processes and outcomes-- a worrying trend for Africa's democratic future. The Report investigates elections in the face of managing diversity in Africa. It recommends major electoral, institutional, political and constitutional reforms to enable elections to facilitate the democratic management of diversity, while significantly improving their quality and credibility. These include reform of the party system to make it more inclusive and democratic, a move to more proportional electoral systems, and an increase in the autonomy and effectiveness of election management boards. The Report argues that regional and subregional initiatives and frameworks for elections, democracy and governance have to be implemented and monitored to improve electoral performance and promote democratic consolidation and stability."--Page [4] of cover.
Spider-man. Election day
Saucer country. [Vol. 1] : Run
Canon law, careers and conquest : episcopal elections in Normandy and Greater Anjou, c.1140-c.1230
Social factors affecting left voting in developed and backward areas
Abstract : Is there anti-party sentiment in Finland?.
Political change in Britain : forces shaping electoral choice
Forecasting with social media : using Facebook likes to predict the results of the 2015 Finnish parliamentary elections
The voting districts of the Roman Republic : the thirty-five urban and rural tribes
African governance report III 2013.
Elections and voting behaviour in Britain
British parliamentary election results 1950-1964
Free and fair elections : international law and practice
Laws governing the European Parliament elections
Electoral behavior. Vol. 3, Forecasting and electoral context
International guide to electoral statistics = Guide international des statistiques électorales. 1 , National elections in Western Europe = Élections nationales in Europe occidentale
The affect effect : dynamics of emotion in political thinking and behavior
Globalization, social movements, and the construction of Europe : the example of the European parliament elections in France
Elections in a hybrid regime : revisiting the 2011 Ugandan polls
Proportionality and Party Success in Europe
Elections as popular culture in Asia
Report of the Pennsylvania Local Government Survey
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
Mayor Hubble is in trouble!
British elections : myth and reality
A political correspondence of the Gladstone era; the letters of Lady Sophia Palmer and Sir Arthur Gordon, 1884-1889
Money and votes : the cost of election for first-time Finnish MPs
Congressmen and the electorate : elections for the U.S. House and the President, 1920-1964
Saucer country. [Vol. 2] : The reticulan candidate
European elections by direct suffrage : a comparative study of the electoral systems used in Western Europe and their utility for the direct election of a European parliament
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis /Kaisa Kotakorpi, Panu Poutvaara
Voting for autocracy : hegemonic party survival and its demise in Mexico
American weather
Australia votes : the 1958 federal election
Democracy at the polls : a comparative study of competitive national elections
E-voting case law : a comparative analysis
Democracy, intermediation and voting on four continents
Political godfathers in Nigeria : a study of Anambra State, 1999-2006
Free elections : an elementary textbook
Getting elected : from radio and Roosevelt to television and Reagan
Strategy, relevance and meaning : on the use of context in the Finnish European elections 2004.
How democracies vote : a study of majority and proportional electoral systems
A history of British elections since 1689
The British general election of 1966
Going gray : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
A scholarly consensus exists regarding the fact that electoral processes can facilitate democratisation but can equally be the source of instability and/or advance authoritarian rule. Generally, these processes are analyzed by focussing on macro-political institutions and actors. This paper, however, presents a « bottom-up » analysis of the 2010 electoral proces in Burundi through the analysis of survey results that are representative for the Burundian electorate. The results reveal the existence of two regional tendencies regarding “political mobilisation”. In addition, four major “electoral groups” can be identified throughout the Burundian territory. Although the “generic” motivation to exercise civic rights and democratic duties through elections is widespread throughout these electoral groups and regions, the findings reveal that an important part of the electorate is either disinterested or characterized by populistic or clientelistic thinking and behaviour. The findings also suggest the existence of a divide between the perceived preoccupations of the political class and the aspirations of the ordinary population. Situated in the context of twenty years of political transition in Burundi, these “pragmatic” and “populistic” practices and local ways of political thinking observed during the 2010 electoral process reveal the danger of an instrumentalisation of these tendencies by anti-democratic and/or violent “forces”. Secondly, it raises the question how to democratize Burundi's political transition in substance, thus also in local popular thoughts and practices.
The Malayan parliamentary election of 1964
Changing campaign techniques : elections and values in contemporary democracies
Image bite politics : news and the visual framing of elections
Elections in India : a fascinating story
Public choice
It still takes a candidate : why women don't run for office
Electoral democratisation in post-civil war Guinea-Bissau 1999 - 2008
"Intellectually exhausted and increasingly desperate" versus "flat-out false and reeks of desperation" : how the blogs of the candidates in the American presidential election of 2012 create a negative image of the opponent
Princess in training
""Combines data tables, summary and analysis with thematic overviews and chronological outlines to provide a guide to British elections and electoral systems from 1689 to 2013"--Provided by publisher"--
Politics in the age of Peel : a study in the technique of parliamentary representation 1830-1850
The Austrian electoral reform of 1907
De Finse verkiezingen vanuit een Europees perspectief / The Finnish Elections from a European Perspective
Elections and democracy in Central America
Men and women at the elections : gender analysis of the electoral campaigns of 1999 and 2000 in Russia
Churchill defiant : fighting on 1945-1955
Abstract: Political recruitment of Finnish women in the 1995 parliamentary elections and candidate selection.
The peers, the parties and the people : the general elections of 1910
Elections and political stability
Colour and the British electorate 1964 : six case studies
Beyond the transparent ballot box : reading the wave of democratization and the significance of the 1996 elections in Ghana
Voting behaviour : a radical critique
Proportional representation : apportionment methods and their applications
Finland in figures 2012
Appealing to women : a rhetoric analysis of Mitt Romney's and Barack Obama's election debates in the 2012 presidential election
The Malaysian general election of 1969
Floating voters and the floating vote : a critical analysis of American and English election studies
Parties and elections in America : the electoral process
Sex roles in politics
Elections and electors : studies in democratic representation
Faces of politicians : babyfacedness predicts inferred competence but not electoral success
Our revolution : a future to believe in
Russia’s 2016 Duma elections : ambiguous triumph and new challenges for the regime
Managing elections : the Kuomintang and local factions in Taiwan 1949-2000
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
The Sage handbook of modern Japanese studies
Cambodia votes democracy : authority and international support for elections 1993-2013
Elections since 1945 : a worldwide reference compendium
Politics in Mexico : the democratic transformation
Money in congressional elections
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
Election Fraud : Detecting and Deterring Electoral Manipulation
Europarlamenttivaalit 1996 = Valet till Europarlamentet = Elections for the European Parliament
The condition of democracy in Russia, the party system and the State Duma
Growing pains : Russian democracy and the election of 1993
The French Revolution and the birth of electoral democracy
The Internet and national elections : a comparative study of web campaining
Topics in hardness of approximation and social choice theory
The British general election of 1970
Voting and party competition : a theoretical critique and synthesis applied to surveys from ten democracies
Democratization in Azerbaijan : the role of elections in holding on to power
Democracy's duty : the history of political debates on compulsory voting
Greek opinion : special issue, April 1989
The impact of the electoral process
Summary and conclusions (s. 167-183).
Citizen participation and political communication in a digital world
Controlling governments : voters, institutions, and accountability
The catholic vote
The American political process
Generations and turnout : the generational effect in electoral participation in Finland
The making of Donald Trump
Abstract: Recruitment of MP's and determination of electoral success.
Elections and the political order
Fact-finding mission to Romania 24.9.-1.10.1992
A probabilistic model for positional voting : spectrum games
Conceptualizing democracy : elections in the Ethiopian countryside
Candidates defeated in Roman elections : some ancient Roman "also-rans"
Political communications : the general election campaign of 1979
Nonpartisan elections and the case for party politics
Abstract: Why do people vote?.
Spooks. 4 : The 46th state
Rural politics and the collapse of Pennsylvania federalism
Russia goes to the polls : the election to the all-Russian Constituent Assembly, 1917
Voting practices and voters' political thinking during the 2010 Burundi elections
Revolution in orange : the origins of Ukraine's democratic breakthrough
Governmental changes and party political dynamics in Korea and Japan
The looks of a winner : beauty, gender, and electoral success
Elections in America : control and influence in democratic politics
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
Forever princess
Developed countries throughout the world are experiencing population ageing and the new challenges that arise from this change in the national demographic. The phenomenon of an ageing population has necessitated policy reform regarding the role of the state in providing income in retirement and the whole wider social meaning of later life. The politics of ageing have become a key issue for young and old voters alike as well as those who seek to represent them. Politicians carefully consider strategies for developing relationships with older voters in the context of both policy decisions and campaigns as issues that directly affect an ageing population often prove crucial in local and national election campaigns. "Going Grey" provides insight into how ageing and the increased proportion of older voters is being framed by the media. It investigates emerging discourses on the topic founded on economic pessimism and predictions of inter-generational conflict. By bringing together political communication and media discourses and placing them within the wider context of an ageist society this unique contribution demands us to re-think how the media portray and frame later life and examines the strategic electoral dilemmas facing political parties today. It provides an original and timely resource for scholars, students and general readers interested in understanding more about the mediation of, and the strategic campaign responses to, rapidly ageing populations.
New trends in electoral law in a pan-European context : proceedings of the UniDem Seminar organised in Sarajevo from 17 to 18 April 1998 in co-operation with the University of Sarajevo and the Central European Initiative
On the presidency : teacher, soldier, shaman, pol
The mummyfesto
Political parties in action : the battle of Barons Court
In defense of judicial elections
Contextual determinants of electoral system choice : a macro-comparative study 1945-2003
Social geography of British elections 1885-1910
All those in favour? : an account of the High Court action against the Electrical Trades Union and its officers for ballot-rigging in the election of union officials (Byrne & Chapple v. Foulkes & others, 1961)
The elimination of corrupt practices in British elections 1868-1911
Truth like the Sun
Transitional citizens : voters and what influences them in the new Russia
Voting in democracies : a study of majority and proportional electoral systems
The British general election of 1964
The politics of constitutional change in industrial nations : redesigning the state
Party politics and elections in Latin America
The politics of nonpartisanship : a study of California City elections
Recent research has documented that competent-looking political candidates do better in U.S. elections and that babyfaced individuals are generally perceived to be less competent than maturefaced individuals. Taken together, this suggests that babyfaced political candidates are perceived as less competent and therefore fare worse in elections. We test this hypothesis, making use of photograph-based judgments by 2,772 respondents of the facial appearance of 1,785 Finnish political candidates. Our results confirm that babyfacedness is negatively related to inferred competence in politics. Despite this, babyfacedness is either unrelated or positively related to electoral success, depending on the sample of candidates.
Bush v. Gore : exposing the hidden crisis in American democracy
The Chilean presidential election : under the shadow of Pinochet?
Ethnicity, Religion and Politics in Tanzania : The 2010 General Elections and Mwanza Region
Class and the British electorate
Politics of Latin America : the power game
Buckley et al. v. Valeo, Secretary of the United States Senate, et al. : appeal from the Unites States Court of Appeals for the district of Columbia circuit
Electoral dynamics in Indonesia : money politics, patronage and clientelism at the grassroots
Political representation and elections in Britain
Elections and the media in post-conflict Africa : votes and voices for peace?
A nation dividing? : the electoral map of Great Britain 1979-1987
Votes and policy preferences : equilibria in party systems = Stemmen en beleidspreferenties : equilibria in partijsystemen
Zimbabwe's presidential elections 2002 : evidence, lessons and implications
The looks of a winner : beauty, gender and electoral success
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis
"Graeme Gill shows why post-Soviet Russia has failed to achieve the democratic outcome widely expected at the time of the fall of the Soviet Union, instead emerging as an authoritarian polity. He argues that the decisions of dominant elites have been central to the construction of an authoritarian polity, and explains how this occurred in four areas of regime-building: the relationship with the populace, the manipulation of the electoral system, the internal structure of the regime itself, and the way the political elite has been stabilised. Instead of the common 'Yeltsin is a democrat, Putin an autocrat' paradigm, this book shows how Putin built upon the foundations that Yeltsin had laid. It offers a new framework for the study of an authoritarian political system, and is therefore relevant not just to Russia but to many other authoritarian polities"--
Parties, candidates and citizens on-line : studies of politics on the Internet
The devil's garden
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
Do single-party and coalition governments differ in economic outcomes? : evidence from finnish municipalities
How Ireland voted 1989
Parliamentary elections
Building an authoritarian polity : Russia in post-Soviet times
It can't happen here
Five elections in Africa : a group of electoral studies
Politics and voters
Freedom of elections and international observation of elections : international conference
State and politics in India
The paradox of mass politics : knowledge and opinion in the American electorate
The parliamentary election of Lebanon 1968
Tanzania's multi-party elections : from 29 October to 19 November 1995.
Discourse, dictators and democrats : Russia's place in a global process
How democracies vote : a study of electoral systems
MPs as slack maximizers. Do MPs hide in the crowd?
Brown at 10
A functional analysis of the Finnish 2012 presidential debates
Public opinion and congressional elections
Love him or hate him, Trump's influence is undeniable. A man of great media savvy, entrepreneurial spirit, and political clout, Trump's career has been plagued by legal troubles and mounting controversy. Johnston tells the full story of how a boy from a quiet section of Queens, NY would become an entirely new, and complex, breed of public figure. Drawing on decades of interviews, financial records, court documents, and public statements, Johnston gives us the most in-depth look yet at the man who would be president.
Towards electoral control in Central and Eastern Europe
How the True Finns won a seat in Etelä-Savo in April 2011 : and why it is important to know
Parliamentary elections and election administration in Denmark
Marginal seat, 1955 : a study of voting behaviour in the constituency of Bristol North East at the general election of 1955
Steinmeier accepted your friend request : German Social Democrats and their online communication through Facebook during the 2009 parliamentary elections
Chain reaction : the impact of race, rights, and taxes on American politics : with a new afterword
Minority vote dilution
Australia at the polls : the national elections of 1980 and 1983
