http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3221 voting
voting
Parliamentary elections
Electoral behavior. Vol. 3, Forecasting and electoral context
Abstract: Why do people vote?.
The construction of the voter in Finland, c. 1860-1907
Basic geometry of voting
In defense of judicial elections
Where's the power? : controlling voting outcomes in the Nordic Parliaments 1945-95
Minority vote dilution
Voting : a study of opinion formation in a presidential campaign
Debating compulsory voting : electoral reform as a conflict of political concepts
The theory of committees and elections
Grassroots election in China
Social choice and the mathematics of manipulation
Political change in Britain : forces shaping electoral choice
Party image and electoral behavior
The spatial theory of voting : an introduction
Voting power and procedures : essays in honour of Dan Frelsenthal and Moshé Machover
Income inequality and voter turnout
The measurement of voting power : theory and practice, problems and paradoxes
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
The paradox of participation
Elections and voters in Britain
The urban voters : lost their empire?
"This book presents the most complete set of analytical, normative, and historical discussions of majority decision making to date. One chapter critically addresses the social-choice approach to majority decisions, whereas another presents an alternative to that approach. Extensive case studies discuss majority voting in the choice of religion in early modern Switzerland, majority voting in nested assemblies such as the French Estates-General and the Federal Convention, majority voting in federally organized countries, qualified majority voting in the European Union Council of Ministers, and majority voting on juries. Other chapters address the relation between majority decisions and cognitive diversity, the causal origin of majority decisions, and the pathologies of majority decision making. Two chapters, finally, discuss the counter-majoritarian role of courts that exercise judicial review. The editorial Introduction surveys conceptual, causal, and normative issues that arise in the theory and practice of majority decisions"--
When labor votes : a study of auto workers
Explaining and predicting elections : issue effects and party strategies in twenty-three democracies
Elections with history approaching constitutional development, party-system and electoral competition in Zimbabwe
Electoral behavior. Vol. 2, Cognition and the voter calculus
Probabilistic voting theory
Geography and voting behaviour
Classics of social choice
Voting paradoxes and how to deal with them
Learning by voting : sequential choices in presidential primaries and other elections
Social choice and democratic values
Electoral change in Western democracies : patterns and sources of electoral volatility
Political man : the social bases of politics
The international encyclopedia of elections
Electoral change and stability in American political history
The paradox of mass politics : knowledge and opinion in the American electorate
Mayor Hubble is in trouble!
The hidden history of the secret ballot
Cambodia votes democracy : authority and international support for elections 1993-2013
Polls, television, and the new politics
Advances in the spatial theory of voting
Electoral change in advanced industrial democracies : realignment or dealignment?
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
European Parliament elections
The calculus of consent : logical foundations of constitutional democracy
The American voter : an abridgment
Cross-national voting behavior research : an example of computer-assisted multivariate analysis of attribute data
Elections and voting behaviour in Britain
Remote internet voting from the angle of public trust : the cases of Switzerland, Canada, and Estonia
Democracy and decision : the pure theory of electoral preference
Performance politics and the British voter
The electoral system in Britain 1918-1951
The tyranny of the majority : fundamental fairness in representative democracy
Winners and losers in the council : voting power consequences of EU enlargements
Electoral abstention in Europe
The social citizen : peer networks and political behavior
Rational choice politics
Multidisciplinary views on strategic interactions
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
Report to Congress on voting practices in the United Nations 1990 : submitted pursuant to Public Law 101-167
Numbers rule : the vexing mathematics of democracy, from Plato to the present
Electronic elections : the perils and promises of digital democracy
Congress : a political-economic history of roll call voting
Constitutional economics and public institutions
A behavioral theory of elections
On voting : a public choice approach
Economic effects on voting and turnout : Sweden in a comparative perspective
Institutional design and voting power in the European Union
Democratic devices and desires
Analytical politics
Quantitative analysis of voting behaviour in the General Assembly : who voted with whom within the United Nations
Youth voter participation : involving today's young in tomorow's democracy
Democracy and elections : electoral systems and their political consequences
Europeisation of political rights : Voter Advice Application and migrant mobilisation in 2011 UK elections
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
A nation dividing? : the electoral map of Great Britain 1979-1987
The mathematics of preference, choice and order : essays in honor of Peter C. Fishburn
Principles of electoral reform
Mobile web server: a proposal to bring new technology into the election system in Bangladesh
How voters decide : a longitudinal study of political attitudes and voting extending over fifteen years
Power, Voting, and Voting Power: 30 Years After
The ethics of voting
Behind the ballot box : a citizen's guide to voting systems
The people's choice : how the voter makes up his mind in a presidential campaign
Spatial models of parliamentary voting
Political participation and American democracy
Electoral behavior. Vol. 4, Debates and methodology
Time for a change : a study of the labour party and party preference in the 1997 British general election
Ordinary people in public policy : a behavioural analysis
Majority decisions : principles and practices
The political role of women
Developing new concepts for global sales on the basis of global market analysis of PRS/ARS : introducing Dolphin Interactive to the Polish market
The Federalist Papers and the new institutionalism
Fiscal policy approach : some further results concerning political mechanism
Assessing Borda's rule and its modifications
The Swedish electorate 1887-1968
E-voting : the last electoral revolution
Voter turnout at regional and local elections in the European Union, 1990-2001
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
Matching voters with parties and candidates : voting advice applications in comparative perspective
Spatial model analysis of party policy strategies : insights of deterministic and probabilistic voting with 'biased' voters: applications to Finland
Money, media, and the grass roots : state ballot issues and the electoral process
Social cleavages and political change : voter alignments and U.S. party coalitions
Unified theory of voting : directional and proximity spatial models
Political life : why people get involved in politics
Voting, parties and social change in Finland
Issue voting : an introduction
The cost of ruling : a foundation stone for two theories
Political structures and strategies : a study of electoral politics in contemporary rural Thailand
Comparing democracies : elections and voting in global perspective
Who votes?
Generations and turnout : the generational effect in electoral participation in Finland
Disposing dictators, demystifying voting paradoxes : social choice analysis
The loyalties of voters : a lifetime learning model
Gender and the vote in Britain : beyond the gender gap?
Voting rules and budget allocation in an enlarged EU
Attitude psychology and the study of public opinion
The voter decides
The Finnish reform bill of 1906.
Linking domestic and European politics : Finnish meps and the votes that shaped the 7th European parliament
Citizens, parties and Norwegian electoral politics 1957-1985 : an empirical study
Winning women's votes : propaganda and politics in Weimar Germany
A probabilistic model for positional voting : spectrum games
An overview of election studies in Africa
The social basis of the rational citizen : how political communication in social networks improves civic competence
The American voter
Geometry of voting
This book offers a comprehensive overview and critique of the most important political and philosophical interpretations of the basic results of social choice, assessing their plausibility and seeking to identify the links between the theory of social choice and the more traditional issues of political theory and philosophy. In this regard, the author eschews a strong methodological commitment or technical formalism; the approach is instead based on the presentation of political facts and illustrated via numerous real-life examples. This allows the reader to get acquainted with the philosophical and political dispute surrounding voting and collective decision-making and its links to social choice theory.
Logic and social choice
Which get-out-the-vote efforts actually succeed in ethnoracial communities - and why? Analyzing the results from hundreds of original experiments, the authors of this book offer a persuasive new theory to explain why some methods work while others don't. Exploring and comparing a wide variety of efforts targeting ethnoracial voters, Lisa Garcia Bedolla and Melissa R. Michelson present a new theoretical frame - the Social Cognition Model of voting, based on an individual's sense of civic identity - for understanding get-out-the-vote effectiveness. Their book will serve as a useful guide for political practitioners, for it offers concrete strategies to employ in developing future mobilization efforts.
Is the allocation of voting power among the EU states fair?
The English roses. [Book 10] : ready, set, vote!
Stable set and voting rules
"We decide by elections, but do we elect who the voters really want? The answer, as we have learned over the past two centuries, is "not necessarily." That is a negative, frightening assertion about a principal tool of democracy! This negativism has been supported by two hundred years of published results showing how bad the situation can be. This expository, largely nontechnical book is the first to find positive results showing that the situation is not nearly as dire and negative as we have been led to believe. Instead there are surprisingly simple explanations for the negative assertions, and positive conclusions can be obtained."--BOOK JACKET.
The European perspective : transnational party groups in the 1989-1994 European Parliament
Religion, caste and politics in India
Voting procedures
Discourse, dictators and democrats : Russia's place in a global process
Non-voting : causes and methods of control
Abstract : Is there anti-party sentiment in Finland?.
Mobilizing inclusion : transforming the electorate through get-out-the-vote campaigns
Politics and voters
Canada at the polls : the general election of 1974
An Empirical Analysis on Vote and Popularity Functions on Finnish and Swedish Data
A framework for a contextual study of voting
Mathematics and democracy : designing better voting and fair-division procedures
Voters, parties, and leaders : the social fabric of British politics
How can the EU's voters have their say?
Elections at home and abroad : essays in honor of Warren E. Miller
Electing and ejecting party leaders in Britain
Personal vs sociotropic grievances and anti-government stance : the Danish case
The citizenship of new immigrants in the Nordic countries : immigrants at the polls
Brokers, voters, and clientelism : the puzzle of distributive politics
How Russia votes
Citizens elections parties : approaches to the comparative study of the processes of development
The galvanization of the young vote in the 2008 presidential election : lessons learned from the phenomenon
The political economy of democracy and tyranny
Democracy's duty : the history of political debates on compulsory voting
Was the 2004 presidential election stolen? : exit polls, election fraud, and the official count
On Decision and Voting Rules
Voting radical right in Western Europe
The Diefenbaker interlude : parties and voting in Canada: an interpretation
Majority Voting on Public Expenditures under Three Different Welfare Programme Settings
Who decides, and how? : preferences, uncertainty, and policy choice in the European Parliament
Parties and elections in America : the electoral process
