http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p322 international agreements
international agreements
Enforcement of and compliance with MEAs : the experiences of CITES, Montreal Protocol and Basel Convention
The future control of food : a guide to international negotiations and rules on intellectual property, biodiversity and food security
Human rights : a compilation of international instruments. Vol. 1, 2nd part, Universal instruments
International Agreement on Jute and Jute Products, 1982
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Second publication from a Nordic project on The Effectiveness of multilateral environmental agreements : workshop proceedings and study reports
Law on general conditions in Western Europe
Regionalism vs. Multilateralism  : An overview of the effects of Regionalism
Carriage of goods by sea
United States security agreements and commitments abroad : Greece and Turkey : hearings before the Subcommittee on United States security agreements and commitments abroad of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, Ninety-first Congress, second session. Pt 7, June 9 and 11, 1970.
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
Interpreting CISG Article 79 (1): Economic Impediment and the Reasonability Requirement
Contracts for the carriage of goods
Sources and documents of United States Constitutions : second series. 4, National documents 1901-1977
Data exclusivity in the European free trade agreements and access to medicine in the developing countries
International natural rubber agreement, 1979.
Conditions of contract for plant and design-build for electrical and mechanical works and for building and engineering works designed by the contractor : general conditions, guidance for the preparation of particular conditions, forms of letter of tender, contract agreement and dispute adjudication agreement
Workshop proceedings : Nordic Workshop on International Forest Processes, 16-17 September 2004
International cocoa agreement, 1980
It's been a hard day's night : Why making international environmental policy is so difficult. A case study of the UNFCCC Copenhagen summit
Summary.
CSCE : a framework for Europe's future : conference on security and cooperation in Europe : Vienna follow-up meeting
Multilateral treaties in respect of which the Secretary-General performs depositary functions / List of signatures, ratifications, accessions, etc. as at 31 December.
EEC-Malta association agreement and protocols and other basic texts
The law of the sea : declarations and statements with respect to the United Nations convention on the law of the sea and to the agreement relating to the implementation of part XI of the United Nations convention on the law of the sea of 10 December 1982
The survey on the ratification processes of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in seven states
The deposit and registration of treaties of international organizations : possible applications of the rules of the Vienna convention on the law of treaties
The internationalisation of the state: the example of biodiversity-politics
Transport information
United Nations model double taxation convention between developed and developing countries
Cluster munition monitor 2011
International buy-back contracts
Towards a new climate regime? : views of China, India, Japan, Russia and The United States on the road to Copenhagen
The effect of international agreemants within the European Community and its member states - synergy of structural pronciples?
United Nations Conference on a Convention on International Multimodal Transport : held at Geneva from 12 to 30 November 1979 (first part of the session) and from 8 to 24 May 1980 (resumed session). Vol. 1, Final act and convention on international multimodal transport of goods
ACP-EEC conventions of Lomé : compilations of texts XVIII, 1 January 1993 - 31 December 1993.
The law of the sea : baselines : an examination of the relevant provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
Status of multilateral arms regulation and disarmament agreements
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
Anglo-American relations in the twentieth century
The capacity of international organizations to conclude treaties, and the special legal aspects of the treaties so concluded
Not just another tea party : the lasting value of the OSCE
On international construction project contracts and dispute resolution in international construction arbitration
Commercial law and practice
Status of multilateral treaties in the field of environment and conservation
The people's Republic of China and the law of treaties
Context over consent : addressing the status of non-signatories in international commercial arbitration
Convention on desertification : earth summit : United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 3-14 June 1992
Kyoto Protocol Flexibility Mechanisms and the Changing Role of Sovereign States
Helsinki declaration of the CSCE Parliamentary Assembly : 9 july 1993.
Conflict of laws with reference to transnational contracts
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
Assuring the success of the non-proliferation treaty extension conference : excerpts from the panel discussions organized by the NGO Committee on Disarmament, Inc., at the Conference held at the United Nations in New York, 20-21 April, 1994.
Glossary of international treaties in French, English, Spanish, Italian, Dutch, German and Russian
Cooperation Agreement between the European Economic Community and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ; Agreement between the Member States of the European Coal and Steel Community, ... of Yugoslavia, of the other part : final act
The law of the sea : current developments in state practice. No. 4
International cocoa agreement, 1993
Blackstone's international law documents
European Union law for international business : an introduction
Status of indigenous peoples in international law
The United Nations treaties on outer space
International law : a textbook
Cases and materials on international law
Agreement on high seas fishing : earth summit : United Nations Conference on Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, [July 1993 - August 1995]
The Law of the Sea : current developments in state practice. 2
Finnish 2002 inventory of HFC, PFC and SF6 emissions
Building bridges for a better environment : networking counts : Montreal Protocol experiences in making multilateral environmental agreements work
The draft Nordic Saami Convention : nations working together
Main features and trends in petroleum and mining agreements : a technical paper
The People's Republic of China and the law of treaties
Abstract: Regionalism vs. Multilateralism : An overview of the effects of Regionalism. The Purpose of this dissertation was to first find the motives behind and causes for regionalism and to explore the advantages and disadvantages of the phenomenon. Secondly, the intension was to determine the benefits of a possible bilateral FTA between Australia and China and whether a bilateral trade agreement would be more beneficial for the Australian economy than waiting for a multilateral WTO regulated framework. The research was conducted through an extensive literature review. The first part of the research focused on international trade, history of RTAs and the motives behind  regionalism. The research also focused on the traditional "stepping stone" versus "Stumbling Block" debate. The second part focused on Australian economy, trade policies and trade relations between Australia and China. The final part of the research explored the possible Australia – China FTA and on the benefits and limitation of the agreement on the Australian economy. The Study found that there is a pattern in the formation of RTAs and that regionalism is largely a response to globalisation. The research also suggested that although regionalism in certain cases may hinder trade and the formation of a multilateral framework, in general it is trade creating. In addition, a correlation between China's growth and Australia's economic welfare could be detected and the benefits from a bilateral FTA were found to outweigh the disadvantage of one and therefore also be more beneficial  than waiting for a multilateral framework. There are always limitations when a study is carried out using secondary sources. The lack of an empirical study, the limited amount of quantitative research present and the vast amount on prior research in the topic are great limitations. Although an extensive amount of studies have been conducted on regionalism, it is still possible to research and find new  perspectives because regionalism as a phenomenon is multifaceted.
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
The Baltic Sea gas pipeline : can we manage it sustainably?. Expert article 375.
Status of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea
Essays on current account imbalances
Unequal treaties in international law
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
Europe - giving shape to an idea
Cod fishery of the European Union and Russia at the Baltic Sea : a game-theoretic analysis
European conventions and agreements = Conventions et accords européens. Vol. 5, 1983-1989
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
Essential texts on human rights for the police : a compilation of international instruments
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Regionalism vs. multilateralism : an overview of the effects of regionalism
Explanatory report on the European Agreement on the Transmission of Applications for Legal Aid
The Berlin question in its relations to world politics 1944-1963
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
China and international agreements : a study of compliance
Simplification of the European Enforcement Procedure
Key treaties for the great powers 1814-1914. Vol. 2, 1871-1914
Legal issues of global navigation satellite system
Multilateral treaties deposited with the Secretary-General
International agreement on jute and jute products, 1989
Documents in international economic law
Sixth international tin agreement
Revisiting the declaration on rights of indigenous peoples : to what extent indigenous peoples may claim rights to self-determination?
Draft international covenant on environment and development
United Nations Conference on a Convention on International Multimodal Transport : held at Geneva from 12 to 30 November 1979 (first part of the session) and from 8 to 24 May 1980 (resumed session). Vol. 2, Draft convention on international multimodal transport as at the closure of the first part of the session of the conference and reports of the conference
United Nations Conference on the Carriage of Goods by Sea, Hamburg, 6-31 March 1978 : official records : documents of the Conference and summary records of the plenary meetings and of the meetings of the main committees
EEC-Turkey association agreement and protocols and other basic texts
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Chemical weapons convention : questions and answers
Tasks of forest biodiversity management and monitoring deriving from international agreements
Human rights : a compilation of international instruments. Vol. 1, 1st part, Universal instruments
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
International law : the essential treaties and other relevant documents
The North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA : after eight years, and the neoliberal political economy
Heritage and beyond
International olive oil agreement, 1979.
Pacta sunt servanda and the different meanings of international commercial conciliation
Opting into the common European Sales Law : how to opt-into, or opt-into at all, in B2C contracts?
Gendai kokusai seiji no kihon bunsho = Contemporary international relations - basic documents
The Bern convention on nature conservation
Open innovation in collaborative networks : the initial phase in industrial business
European Convention on Products Liability in Regard to Personal Injury and Death, Strasbourg 27.1.1977 = Convention européenne sur la responsabilité du fait des produits en cas de lésions corporelles ou de dècés
Issues in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership : A critical discourse analysis
Key treaties for the great powers 1814-1914. Vol. 1, 1814-1870
ACP-EEC conventions of Lomé : compilations of texts XVI : 1 January - 31 December 1991.
Copyrights
EU talks on gender in Cotonou policy : rhetorical analysis on gender in the European Union's dialogue with African, Caribbean and Pacific countries
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of dignity and autonomy in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
Guide for drawing up international contracts on consulting engineering, including some related aspects of technical assistance
A Host state regulatory right in Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET) in Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs)
Multilateral treaties deposited with the Secretary-General : status as at 31 December ..
European Agreement on the Transmission of Applications for Legal Aid, Strasbourg 27.1.1977 = Accord européen sur la transmission des demandes d'assistance judiciaire
The results of the Uruguay Round of multilateral trade negotiations : market access for goods and services : overview of the results
Special and differential treatment under the WTO Agreement on Agriculture
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
The responsibilities and rights of both buyer and seller in international trade concerning the conformity of the goods and additional contractual requirements
The Law of the Sea : exclusive economic zone : legislative history of articles 56, 58 and 59 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea
Register of international treaties and other agreements in the field of the environment, 1996.
CISG and unification of international trade law
International sugar agreement, 1992
International natural rubber agreement, 1995
Report. 3, (Part 5), Lists of ratifications by Convention and by country (as at 31 December 1993)
Exercise of discretionary powers by administrative authorities : recommendation No. R (80) 2 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 11 March 1980 and explanatory memorandum
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Freedom of association : seminar organised by the Secretariat General of the Council of Europe in co-operation with the Ministry of Justice of Iceland, Reykjavik (Iceland), 26-28 8. 1993 = Liberté d'association : séminaire organisé par le Secrétariat Général du Conseil de l'Europe en collaboration avec le Ministère de la Justice de l'Islande, Reykjavik (Islande), 26-28.8.1993
Multilateral treaties in respect of which the Secretary-General performs depositary functions : List of signatures, ratifications, accessions, etc. as at 31 December.
Allocation and sharing in international fisheries agreements
Treaty series
Law and practice of transnational contracts
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
Conditions of subcontract for construction for building and engineering works designed by the employer : General conditions, guidance for the preparation of particular conditions of subcontract, forms of letter of subcontractor's offer, contractor's letter of acceptance and subcontract agreement
