http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3223 voting behaviour
voting behaviour
Essays on voting behavior, labor market policy, and taxation
Political ideology and voting behavior in the age of Jackson
Engaging the electorate : initiatives to promote voter turnout from around the world : including voter turnout data from national elections worldwide 1945-2006
"The 2010 General Election represented a pathbreaking contest in Political Communication. The TV debates changed forever the feel of the campaign. This book brings together key commentators, analysts and polling experts to present readers with a unique and valuable insight into the development of political communication in British Politics"--
Social choice and the mathematics of manipulation
The political economy of democracy and tyranny
"Presents evidence that under certain widespread structural conditions, democratic accountability falls prey to the same N-person prisoner's dilemma that plagues any other decentralized attempt to procure collective goods. Examines four prominent democracies: postwar and contemporary Brazil and pre-Chavez and contemporary Venezuela"--Provided by publisher.
Comparing democracies 4 : elections and voting in a changing world
Generations and turnout : the generational effect in electoral participation in Finland
Elections at the borderland : voter opinion in Arusha & Kilimanjaro Tanzania
Elections and voters
Economic effects on voting and turnout : Sweden in a comparative perspective
Class voting in Western Europe : a comparative longitudinal study
The Vanishing Voter : Public Involvement in an Age of Uncertainty
The democratic class struggle
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
The breakdown of class politics : a debate on post-industrial stratification
Abstract (s. 6-7)
Political communication in Britain : the leader debates, the campaign and the media in the 2010 general election
Voters' perceptions of party politics : a multilevel approach
Political behavior of the American electorate
Racism, xenophobia, and distribution : multi-issue politics in advanced democracies
Performance politics and the British voter
The transformation of the Japanese left : from old socialists to new democrats
Where have all the voters gone?
Spatial model analysis of party policy strategies : insights of deterministic and probabilistic voting with 'biased' voters: applications to Finland
Youth and political participation
Why Americans don't vote : turnout decline in the United States 1960-1984
How Ireland voted 1989
The responsible electorate : rationality in presidential voting 1936-1960
Elections and voters in Britain
The political psychology of democratic citizenship
Electoral systems : paradoxes, assumptions, and procedures
Electoral change in advanced industrial democracies : realignment or dealignment?
Political change in Britain : forces shaping electoral choice
Party identification, political behavior, and the American electorate
Cultures of voting : the hidden history of the secret ballot
Citizens, parties and Norwegian electoral politics 1957-1985
Social structure and party choice in western Europe : a comparative longitudinal study
Determinants of the voting outcome : a look into shareholder proposals in social and environmental issues in the U.S. in 2006 and 2007
Party & society : reconstructing a sociology of democratic party politics
The effects of the adoption of woman suffrage : sex differences in voting behavior - Illinois, 1914-21
The political system matters : social psychology and voting behavior in Sweden and the United States
Ethnic voters and the election of Lincoln
How people vote : a study of electoral behaviour in Greenwich
American power and dissent in the UN General Assembly : The growth of US minority voting against resolutions in 1995-2006
A nation dividing? : the electoral map of Great Britain 1979-1987
The welfare consequences of strategic voting = De gevolgen van strategisch stemmen voor welvaart
Voter turnout : a social theory of political participation
Marginal seat, 1955 : a study of voting behaviour in the constituency of Bristol North East at the general election of 1955
Voting for policy, not parties : how voters compensate for power sharing
How can the EU's voters have their say?
An election in Finland : Party activities and voter reactions
Controlling governments : voters, institutions, and accountability
Preferential voting in Finland: how much do candidates matter, and to whom and why?
Linking domestic and European politics : Finnish meps and the votes that shaped the 7th European parliament
Political communication in direct democratic campaigns : enlightening or manipulating?
Going gray : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
The Swedish electorate 1887-1968
An election in Finland : party activities and voter reactions
Dealing in votes : interactions between politicians and voters in Britain and the USA
Polity and society : philosophical underpinnings of social science paradigms
Parties, candidates and citizens on-line : studies of politics on the Internet
Campaigning for president 2008 : strategy and tactics, new voices and new techniques
Ballots of tumult : a portrait of volatility in American voting
Voter influence on the choice of individual candidates
Matching voters with parties and candidates : voting advice applications in comparative perspective
Post-broadcast democracy : how media choice increases inequality in political involvement and polarizes elections
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
Comparing voting system
Political choices among young adults in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area in 1988-2004
Elections in a hybrid regime : revisiting the 2011 Ugandan polls
Current election studies in Finland
Democracy, intermediation and voting on four continents
Economics and the U.S. presidental election of 2012
The catholic vote
Citizen politics : public opinion and political parties in advanced industrial democracies
Summary and conclusions (s. 167-183).
Elections and the political order
Moulding political opinion
Candidates and their images : concepts, methods, and findings
The Nordic voter : myths of exceptionalism
The personal and the political : how personal welfare state experiences affect political trust and ideology
Platform or personality? : the role of party leaders in elections
An Empirical Analysis on Vote and Popularity Functions on Finnish and Swedish Data
Developed countries throughout the world are experiencing population ageing and the new challenges that arise from this change in the national demographic. The phenomenon of an ageing population has necessitated policy reform regarding the role of the state in providing income in retirement and the whole wider social meaning of later life. The politics of ageing have become a key issue for young and old voters alike as well as those who seek to represent them. Politicians carefully consider strategies for developing relationships with older voters in the context of both policy decisions and campaigns as issues that directly affect an ageing population often prove crucial in local and national election campaigns. "Going Grey" provides insight into how ageing and the increased proportion of older voters is being framed by the media. It investigates emerging discourses on the topic founded on economic pessimism and predictions of inter-generational conflict. By bringing together political communication and media discourses and placing them within the wider context of an ageist society this unique contribution demands us to re-think how the media portray and frame later life and examines the strategic electoral dilemmas facing political parties today. It provides an original and timely resource for scholars, students and general readers interested in understanding more about the mediation of, and the strategic campaign responses to, rapidly ageing populations.
Public opinion and congressional elections
The changing American voter
Voters begin to choose : from closed-class to open elections in Britain
A behavioral theory of elections
Issue voting : an introduction
A scholarly consensus exists regarding the fact that electoral processes can facilitate democratisation but can equally be the source of instability and/or advance authoritarian rule. Generally, these processes are analyzed by focussing on macro-political institutions and actors. This paper, however, presents a « bottom-up » analysis of the 2010 electoral proces in Burundi through the analysis of survey results that are representative for the Burundian electorate. The results reveal the existence of two regional tendencies regarding “political mobilisation”. In addition, four major “electoral groups” can be identified throughout the Burundian territory. Although the “generic” motivation to exercise civic rights and democratic duties through elections is widespread throughout these electoral groups and regions, the findings reveal that an important part of the electorate is either disinterested or characterized by populistic or clientelistic thinking and behaviour. The findings also suggest the existence of a divide between the perceived preoccupations of the political class and the aspirations of the ordinary population. Situated in the context of twenty years of political transition in Burundi, these “pragmatic” and “populistic” practices and local ways of political thinking observed during the 2010 electoral process reveal the danger of an instrumentalisation of these tendencies by anti-democratic and/or violent “forces”. Secondly, it raises the question how to democratize Burundi's political transition in substance, thus also in local popular thoughts and practices.
The role of televised debates in the U.S. presidential election process (1960-2004)
The last vote : the threats to Western democracy
Tammany hall
Elections and voting behaviour in Britain
The ethics of voting
Electoral change in Western democracies : patterns and sources of electoral volatility
Voting for women : how the public evaluates women candidates
Topics in hardness of approximation and social choice theory
This volume presents theoretical and empirical aspects of single- and multi-winner voting procedures. It examines the susceptibility of procedures to the main voting paradoxes and discusses the relevance of the theoretical results to the choice of voting system.
The science of voter mobilization
Nationalism in Italian politics : the stories of the Northern League, 1980-2000
Three views to plenary voting : applying group cohesion, voting similarity and latent bloc analyses in the Finnish parliament
Europe in question : referendums on European integration
Brokers, voters, and clientelism : the puzzle of distributive politics
Cleavages in contemporary Finland : a study on party-voter ties
The people's choice : how the voter makes up his mind in a presidential campaign
Voting radical right in Western Europe
Dutch voters adrift : on explanations of electoral change (1963-1977)
The end of class politics? : class voting in comparative context
Electing and ejecting party leaders in Britain
Governance and politics of the Netherlands
Voters' choice : varieties of American electoral behavior
The calculus of consent : logical foundations of constitutional democracy
The voter decides
Democracy's duty : the history of political debates on compulsory voting
Electoral behavior. Vol. 3, Forecasting and electoral context
Cross-pressure and political representation in Europe : a comparative study of MEPs and the intra-party arena
Advances in the spatial theory of voting
Party competition and responsible party government : a theory of spatial competition based upon insights from behavioral voting research
Plenary votes and voting cohesion in Eduskunta : a descriptive analysis of the 1991-2006 parliamentary years
The effect of socioeconomic factors on voter turnout in Finland : a register-based study of 2.9 milion voters
The vote motive : an essay in the economics of politics, with applications to the British economy
The First European Elections in Finland : Regional Variation and Protest Behaviour
Voting power and procedures : essays in honour of Dan Frelsenthal and Moshé Machover
How voters decide : information processing during election campaigns
Elections by design : parties and patronage in Russia's regions
Leaders' personalities and the outcomes of democratic elections
Geography and voting behaviour
Collective decisions and voting : the potential for public choice
The voter's dilemma and democratic accountability : Latin America and beyond
Strengthening democracy : a parliamentary perspective
Individual or party? : on preferential voting, people's initiative, and direct election of executive
Electoral behavior. Vol. 2, Cognition and the voter calculus
Voting procedures under uncertainty
Voting practices and voters' political thinking during the 2010 Burundi elections
Gender and the vote in Britain : beyond the gender gap?
Facing the challenge of democracy : explorations in the analysis of public opinion and political participation
Explaining cross-national variation in voter turnout : aggregate and temporal patterns
Class and politics in contemporary social science : "Marxism lite" and its blind spot for culture
Mass politics : studies in political sociology
Geography of elections
Political responses to terrorism : case study on the Madrid terrorist attack in March 11, 2004, and its aftermath
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
The Communist Party in post-Soviet Russia
Electoral behavior. Vol. 4, Debates and methodology
American voting behavior
The spatial theory of voting : an introduction
Politics in England : change and persistence
Point, click, and vote : the future of Internet voting
