http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3230 Romanies
Romanies
Roma life in three countries : Finland, Slovakia and Slovenia
Watch out, Gypsies! The history of a misunderstanding : thoughts on the exhibition
Training of teachers of gypsy children : report on the twentieth European Teachers Seminar : Donaueschingen, Federal Republic of Germany, 20-25 June 1983
Betting on Grace
Roma and the traveller inclusion in Europe : green questions and answers
The gipsy people : a guide for journalists
Crimean Roma : language and folklore
Peasants under siege : the collectivization of Romanian agriculture, 1949-1962
OECD economic surveys. Czech and Slovak Republics
Bury me standing : the gypsies and their journey
Bioenergy feasibility study - Berzasca, Romania
Papers from the fourth and fifth Annual Meetings, Gypsy Lore Society, North American Chapter
The girl of his dreams
Berki János mesél cigány és magyar nyelven = Tales of János Berki told in Gypsy and Hungarian
Finnish journal for Romanian studies
This book has a double emphasis: it examines the role played by tsarist Russia in the formation of an independent Romanian national state, and it discusses the reaction of a Balkan nationality to the influence of a neighboring great power that was both a protector and a menace. In the early nineteenth century the centers of Romanian political life were the Danubian Principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia, which were both under Ottoman rule but which had separate, autonomous administrations. Although welcoming Russian aid against the Ottoman Empire, the Romanian leadership at the same time feared that the Russian government would use its military power to establish a firm control over the Principalities or would annex Romanian lands, as indeed occurred in 1812. Here this difficult relationship is examined in detail as it developed during the century in connection with the major events leading to the international acceptance of Romanian independence in 1878.
Finland's Romani people = Finitiko romaseele
Integrating a traditional minority into a Nordic society : elite discourse on the Finnish Roma
The great good thing : a novel
Gipsies in Denmark : a social-biological study
Road to Kesan
All change ! : Romani studies through Romani eyes
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
The wedding of the dead : ritual, poetics, and popular culture in Transylvania
Dissertation on the Gipseys : representing their manner of life, family economy, with an historical enquiry concerning their origin & first appearance in Europe
My Name is Rose
Gypsies : where now?
Processing Romany Culture through Art
In the life of a Romany Gypsy
National grading of quality of beef and veal carcasses in Romania according to "EUROP" system
Papers from the sixth and seventh Annual Meetings, Gypsy Lore Society, North American Chapter
The Diddakoi
Finland's Romani people = E Rhoma and i Finlandia
"More similar than different" : the welfare on Roma children and youth and the realization of their rights in Finland
Paintings and drawings of the gypsies of Granada
The image of Finland as a culturally and ethnically homogeneous nation is erroneous. The country's "old minorities" include the Swedish-speakers, the indigenous Sami, and the Romani. Several smaller ethno-cultural and religious groups have resided in Finland since the nineteenth century. Increasing immigration is now further diversifying Finland. Many of the old and new minorities have clearly-defined regional hearths, as do many distinctive segments of the majority culture. This article provides an overview of Finland's three largest minorities, religions, foodways, the new immigration, and the recent English-language sources available on these topics. The discussion emphasizes the new understanding of the country's ethno-cultural make-up and political, legal, and social challenges that have followed the recent change.
Germany and its gypsies : a post-Auschwitz ordeal
Cleaning operations : excluding Roma in Greece
Roma and traveller inclusion in Europe. : green questions and answers
Books on Gypsies and George Borrow
Children of the night
Therapeutic and immunomodulatory effects of two natural products on the puerperal endometritis of dairy cows
Into the free : a novel
Papers from the eighth and ninth Annual Meetings, Gypsy Lore Society, North American Chapter
The book of Boswell : autobiography of a Gypsy
Foreigners, refugees, or minorities? : rethinking people in the context of border controls and visas
From the real Roma to imaginary gypsies : the Finnish Roma music and early scholarly study of Roma's music
Annual Meeting and Conference on Gypsy : University of California at Los Angeles, April 1-2, 1994 : preliminary program
Princes amongst men : journeys with gypsy musicians
Exploring gypsiness : power, exchange and interdependence in a Transylvanian village
Multilingualism an language ideologies in the Rumanian Banat
Romanichal gypsies
Health care systems in transition. Romania
Gypsy jazz : in search of Django Reinhardt and the soul of gypsy swing
Kiss of darkness
The Rumanian national movement in Transylvania, 1780-1849
Hate speech against the roma in Romania : discourse analysis on three Romanian newspapers' Internet forums
Gypsy music
Technology foresight in a power-oriented strategy for change : conclusions after the Romanian technology foresight exercise
The embryo transfer is a reproduction biotechnology that includes the induction of superovulation of the donor females, the embryo recovery and their transfer in the uterus of receptor females. The efficiency of the embryo transfer depends on the results obtained in the superovulatory treatments. The variability of the ovary reaction to induction to superovulation treatments had been an important factor limiting the current commercial application in embryo transfer to cows. In the last years, for reducing the variability of ovaries reaction to gonadotropes hormones stimulation, progestogen hormones are frequently used. In our embryo recovery experiments performed on cows, we induced the superovulation with gestagen hormones, pituitary extracts of FSH and PgF₂ alpha . We used two subcutaneous implants with 3 mg of norgestomet (SMB). The first implant was introduced on the external side of the ear and in the same time a solution-SMB was injected (Day 0). The second implant was introduced on the 5th day of the superovulatory treatment, without injectable solution. From the 6th day of the protocol the super ovulation treatment with Folltropin-V begun. Folltropin-V was administered in a total dose of 400 mg NIH, divided in 8 doses of 50 mg each, administered at 12 hours intervals. In the 9th day, at the same time with the last two FSH administrations, 25 mg Lutalyse were administered. The two implants were removed after the last FSH dose (Day 9 pm). There was a mean of 13.1 embryos non-surgically recovered and 8.0 embryos were fit to be transferred. The hormonal stimulation and embryo recovery works may be performed simultaneously to some more cows that can be collected in the same day.
Till doomsday in the afternoon : the folklore of a family of Scots travellers, the Stewarts of Blairgowrie
The rom of Fire : Sostar : Vol. 2
Another darkness, another dawn : a history of Gypsies, Roma and Travellers
Gypsy folklore : Hungary, Romania
Scholarship and the gypsy struggle : commitment in Romani studies : a collection of papers and poems to celebrate Donald Kenrick's seventieth year
On the long road... : life with the others : (history, ethnosocial structure, life-style and culture of gypsy groups)
The non-constituents : rights deprivation of Roma in post-genocide Bosnia and Herzegovina
Equal access to quality education for Roma
Health systems in transition : Romania: health system review. 2008;10(3)
Gypsies of Britain : an introduction to their history
Cigány néprajzi tanulmányok = Studies in Roma (Gipsy) ethnography. 12, Egyén es közösség = Individual and community
They left dreaming : westward migration as explained, understood and experienced by Hungarian Roma
The black virgin
Russia and the Formation of the Romanian National State, 1821–1878
Assimilated individuals and segregated communities : a comparative study of housing and living related well-being of Finnish roma and housed gypsies and travellers in England
Post-communist historians on Ion Antonescu and his authoritarian regime in Romania 1940-1944
Naval strategies in the Black Sea region
Finnish folk-accounts for the origins of the Gypsies
Cultural politics in Greater Romania : regionalism, nation building & ethnic struggle, 1918-1930
Shtar phrala = Four brothers
Gypsies on the roads of war
The Roma and Helsinki
Four essays on interhousehold transfers and institutions in post-communist Romania
Integrating a traditional minority into a Nordic society / elite discourse on the Finnish Roma
Music of Albania's gypsies
"As perceived icons of indifferent marginality, disorder, indolence, and parasitism, "Gypsies" threatened the Bolsheviks' ideal of New Soviet Men and Women. The early Soviet state feared that its Romani population suffered from an extraordinary and potentially insurmountable cultural "backwardness," and sought to sovietize Roma through a range of nation-building projects. Yet as Brigid O'Keeffe shows in this book, Roma actively engaged with Bolshevik nationality policies, thereby assimilating Soviet culture, social customs, and economic relations. Roma proved the primary agents in the refashioning of so-called "backwards Gypsies" into conscious Soviet citizens. New Soviet Gypsies provides a unique history of Roma, an overwhelmingly understudied and misunderstood diasporic people, by focusing on their social and political lives in the early Soviet Union. O'Keeffe illustrates how Roma mobilized and performed "Gypsiness" as a means of advancing themselves socially, culturally, and economically as Soviet citizens. Exploring the intersection between nationality, performance, and self-fashioning, O'Keeffe shows that Roma not only defy easy typecasting, but also deserve study as agents of history."--Publisher's website.
Gypsies of the world
The gypsies/the roma in Hungarian society
The gypsies in Sweden : a socio-medical study
In the twenty-first century, the future of agriculture lies in producing healthy food, maintaining soil fertility, optimising the agricultural production and the environment and, last but not least, promoting food safety. The perspectives of integrating the Romanian agriculture in the European structures call for the adaptation of farm food products to the current quality standards that meet the organic buyer's requirements. This paper deals with how familiar the Romanian consumers are with farm food products, especially in the region of Banat. With that end in view, a sociological study was developed in the following localities of the Timis County: Timisoara, Lugoj, Buzias, Deta, Jimbolia and Sannicolau Mare.
Gypsy boy on the run
I loved a rogue
Eugenics and modernization in interwar Romania
Gypsy and traveller ethnicity : the social generation of an ethnic phenomenon
The rom of Fire : The wandering : Vol. 1
Lexical loans from Spanish into the Romanian language spoken within the Romanian communities in Spain
Cultural minorities in Finland : an overview towards cultural policy
Cultural beliefs and health behaviours of Roma patient in Finland
The paper presents the results of classifications of beef carcasses from 2008 in Romania, reported to Romanian Commission of Pork, Beef and Sheep Carcasses Grading - CCC "EUROP" from the whole Romania, per total and per animal categories without differences, considering only the quality classes and subclasses. The qualitative level of beef carcasses in Romania is extremely low, and most livestock could be classified in the inferior quality classes in terms of conformation and fat deposits as well, according to EUROP system. However, Romania has a great agricultural potential for beef breeding, and the present situation can be changed in better one, based by concrete support from Romania Commission and European Union.
Transylvanian villagers : three centuries of political, economic, and ethnic change
Gypsies & George Borrow
Mapping the invisible : EU-Roma gypsies
Eastern Europe
Roma in Europe : the politics of collective identity formation
Current changes amongst British gypsies and their place in international patterns of development : proceedings of the research and policy conference of the National Gypsy Education Council held at St Peter's College, Oxford, 26th - 28th March, 1971
European social model in making : European Commission reporting on Romania between 1999-2006
The acculturation of the Lovara
The Roma : a minority in Europe : historical, political and social perspectives
Newsletter of the Gypsy Lore Society
Cultural diversity in Finland
Utilization of gestagen hormones and pituitary FSH extracts in inducing the superovulation at embryo donor cows
The beggar & the hare : a novel
Abstract.
Changes in the heart of Europe : recent ethnographies of Czechs, Slovaks, Roma, and Sorbs
"THERE IS GOOD FOR THE BODY, BUT HERE IS BETTER FOR THE SOUL" : the representation of Romanian work migration in the Romanian New Wave films
Gypsies : from the Ganges to the Thames
Two Hundred Years of Finnish Romani Linguistics
100 years of gypsy studies : papers from the 10th Annual Meeting of the Gypsy Lore Society, North American Chapter, March 25-27, 1988, Wagner College, Staten Island, New York, commemorating the centennial of the Gypsy Lore Society
Empowerment and participation - grassroots democracy by Roma and non-Roma women : baseline study of the Roma community in Valea Seaca, Romania
Gypsies and travellers : empowerment and inclusion in British society
The flamenco fanatic : the complete guide
Gypsies (roma) in the post-totalitarian states
Music of the Roma : ethnicity, identity and multiculturalism
I met lucky people : the story of the Romani gypsies
In other troops : stories about violence
A participatory research approach : designing research with vulnerable women
Summary.
The state of ambiguity : studies of Gypsy refugees
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
A gypsy in New York
The English gypsy caravan : its origins, builders, technology and conservation
The hunchback of Notre Dame
Roma and Gypsy-Travellers in Europe : modernity, race, space, and exclusion
Romano hip hop
The Nazi genocide of the Roma : reassessment and commemoration
The Roma : a Balkan underclass
Roma : the Panjabi emigrants in Europe, Central and Middle Asia, the USSR and the Americas
The American Kalderaš : Gypsies in the New World : proceedings of a symposium sponsored by the Gypsy Lore Society, North American Chapter, held at Wagner College, Staten Island, New York, September 29, 1979
Meet your neighbours : contemporary Roma art from Europe
Contemporary growth studies and Eastern Europe : from scholar debates towards a comparative analysis on Bulgaria, Hungary, Poland and Romania, 1970-1995
The psychic tourist : a voyage into the curious world of predicting the future
Jakob's colours
Rom: Europe's gypsies
Children of the vampire : the diaries of the family Dracul
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. Serbia
The holocaust's ghost : writings on art, politics, law and education
"And now to the rest of the trash..." : representations of begging Roma and an ideal society in two Nordic newspapers
Albania : family, society and culture in the 20th century
Cold war perceptions : Romania's policy change towards the Soviet Union, 1960-1964
Romania : a geographical outline
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
New Soviet gypsies : nationality, performance, and selfhood in the early Soviet Union
Living in Romania
Gipsies : forgotten children of India
The East European gypsies : regime change, marginality, and ethnopolitics
Summary: An inventory of research on Roma in Sweden.
Gypsy traveller students in secondary schools : culture, identity and achievement
In the scorching Nevada desert during the Burning Man festival, a small town boy meets a Gypsy girl, when both are at crossroads in their lives.
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
The barefoot queen
Vordak the incomprehensible : how to grow up and rule the world
Romani-Gypsy presence in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth : 15th-18th centuries
The Finnish Roma : a 500-year struggle for survival
"The Orange of love" and other stories : the rom-gypsy language in Norway
Blood feuding among Finnish gypsies
Collaborative management of national parks : the case of Retezat National Park, Romania
Gypsy in amber
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
The natural therapy in puerperal and post-puerperal uterine disorders comes as a necessity for farmers, due to the high economic losses suffered when antibiotics are used for this purpose. The purpose of our research was to find an effective therapy method of the puerperal disorders in dairy cows using two natural products: EucaComp (PlantaVet, Bad Waldsee, Germany) and Plantistim (Plantextract, Cluj-Napoca, Romania) and to verify their local and general immunomodulatory effect. The cows taken into consideration for the research were diagnosed with puerperal endometritis by rectal palpation and lochia examination and two batches were formed. Batch I was made up of 15 cows that were treated with EucaComp intrauterine suspension while Batch II was made up of 18 cows that were treated with Plantistim intrauterine suspension. The treatments in both batches were performed at 48 hours interval until healing. Two control batches were also set up in which the classical treatment was performed, using an antibiotic suspension (oxytetracycline) administered intrauterinely until healing. For the correct interpretation of the results, blood samples and uterine secretions were collected from six cows belonging to every batch in order to determine various metabolic and immunologic parameters. After performing the natural treatments, healing was obtained in both batches after 3-5 administrations in 73.33% and 77.78% of the cases with lower percentages for the control batches (60% and 57.14% respectively). The metabolic parameters that were determined point out the metabolic disorders that participate in the etiology of these post-partum infections, probably due to nutritional deficiencies that occur before as well as after the parturition. The immunologic parameters that were determined clearly show the local and general immunomodulatory effect of the two natural products, justifying the high healing percentage following the treatment. Thus, we recommend the use of the two natural suspensions for the treatment of puerperal and post-puerperal uterine disorders in dairy cows.
Silk, lace, and velvet : the history of the  Finnish Roma people's clothing
Romani : A Linguistic Introduction
Memoir of R. A. Scott Macfie
Gypsies in Germany and Italy, 1861-1914 : lives outside the law
Not only is breast cancer the most frequent cancer in women, it has also been the most surveyed cancer so far for its emotional and psychological implications. Postavaru studied the health-related quality of life of women diagnosed with breast cancer in Romania and the United Kingdom. This case focuses on a participatory approach to research women with breast cancer, looking at how women with breast cancer can be involved as experts in the research design.
Romology
Songs of the travelling people : music of the tinkers, gipsies and other travelling people of England, Scotland and Ireland
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
A study on the Romanian organic market and consumers
National identities and ethnic minorities in Eastern Europe
Rromane paramicha = stories and legends of the Gurbeti roma
Romani is a language of Indo-Aryan origin which is spoken in Europe by the people known as 'Gypsies' (who usually refer to themselves as Rom). There are upwards of 3.5 million speakers, and their language has attracted increasing interest both from scholars and from policy-makers in governments and other organizations during the past ten years. This 2002 book is the first comprehensive overview in English of Romani. It provides a historical linguistic introduction to the structures of Romani and its dialects, as well as surveying the phonology, morphology, syntactic typology and patterns of grammatical borrowing in the language. This book provides an essential reference for anyone interested in this fascinating language.
The Bulgarian Roma in Helsinki : the diverse sub-groups amongst Bulgarian Roma and their reasons for being in Helsinki : a documentary film
The Holocaust in Romania : the destruction of Jews and Gypsies under the Antonescu regime, 1940-1944
Higher education in Romania
Doing research, making science: the memory of Roma workers
Sar o Devel cherda e Rromen = How God made the Roma
Gypsies : the hidden Americans
