http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3244 era of autonomy
era of autonomy
Applied arts and design after 1870 (The autonomous grand duchy)
Russification in the Baltic provinces and Finland, 1855-1914
A Grand Duchy of the Russian Empire
A concise history of Finland
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
The Russian revolutionary movement and the Finnish opposition
Old Finland and the Finnish Grand Duchy
The legalists : Finnish legal science in the period of autonomy 1809-1917
Russian officer training in the 1860s-70s : the Helsinki Yunker School
History of zoology in Finland 1828-1918
An imperal idyll : Finland in Russian travelogues (1810-1860)
Finland and Russia, 1808-1920 : from autonomy to independence : a selection of documents
The politics of frustration : The governorgeneralship of N. I. Bobrikov
Nationalism in nineteenth century Finland
Officers and artisans : Finns in Russia
Religious instruction and education in Finnish teacher training from 1863 to 1895
Suomen postileimojen käsikirja = Handbook of Finnish postmarks. 4, Venäläisleimat = The Russian type cancellations
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
The reception of Russian culture in Finland, 1809-1917
Agrarian problems in Finland
All the Russians : travels and studies in contemporary European Russia, Finland, Siberia, the Caucasus & Central Asia
ARCHAEOLOGY IN FINLAND BEFORE 1920
The formation of national intellectuals and the development of a university network in the regions under the rule of Russian Empire : (proceedings of the Helsinki Conference, 14th March 2011)
The main trends in Finnish legal history during the period of autonomy
A brief history of Finland
The military relationship between Finland and Russia, 1809-1917
A guide to good English in the 1980s
Dve stolicy : Sankt-Peterburg i Turku = Two capitals : St. Petersburg and Turku
Eastern Finland and St. Petersburg 1809-1917 : restructuring of infrastructure and rural economy in the concentric circles around a metropole
Casting the ideal past : a narratological close reading of Eliel Aspelin-Haapkylä's History of the Finnish theatre company (1906-1910)
Rossiâ i Finlândiâ v XVIII-XX vv. : specifika granicy = Russia and Finland in the 18th-20th century : specifics of the border
Finnish-Russian Museum cooperation
The senate
Flying national colours in a Grand Duchy under the Imperial double-headed eagle : a short survey of the development of the Finnish colours in the 19th century
Finnish folklore research 1828-1918
Ot treh koron k dvuglavomu orlu = From the three crowns to the double-headed eagle
Casting the ideal past : a narratological close reading of Eliel Aspelin-Haapkylä's History of the Finnish Theatre Company (1906-1910)
Summary
The founding of workers̕ institutes prior to Finlands̕ independence
Undressing the Maid : gender, sexuality and the body in the construction of the Finnish nation
How did Finland come under Russian rule?
Vesnik Evropy and the Finnish question : 1885-1904
Naval fortifications of Imperial Russia on the Åland islands from 1809 to 1854
Finland as a nordic legal state under Russia
The rise and fall of the Russo-Finnish consensus : the history of the "Second" Committee on Finnish Affairs in St. Petersburg (1857-1891)
The Finnish army, 1881-1901 : training the rifle battalions
A bourgeois bureaucracy? : the new mentality of the Finnish aristocracy at the beginning of the period of autonomy
Historians on Finland's status in the Russian Empire
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
An elite without frontiers
The legal position of the Grand-Duchy of Finland in the Russian Empire
The rise of Finnish in the 19th century
Portrait of the author
Government in Finland and Russia's borderland policy : variants of autonomy
The Committee for Finnish Affairs 1857-1891
RENGASMERKIT JA -EHIÖT 100 VUOTTA 1.5.1991 = The ring stamp and postal stationery centennial May 1, 1991.
From autonomy to independence
Nationalism and revolution : political dividing lines in the Grand Duchy of Finland during the last years of Russian rule
History of geographical studies in Finland 1809-1921
International law situated : an analysis of the lawyer's stance towards culture, history and community
Administration and bureaucracy in 19th-century Russia : the empire and the Finnish case
The uneasy alliance : collaboration between the Finnish opposition and the Russian underground 1899-1904
Autonomous Finland in the political thought of nineteenth century Russia
Nostalgia of the tsars : the role of Russian decorative arts on the Finnish art market 1809-2001
The history of geology and mineralogy in Finland 1828-1918
The governor-general as an administrative official in autonomous Finland in 1861-1898 : introduction to the research method
Summary.
Sibelius : a composer's life and the awakening of Finland / Glenda Dawn Goss
A history of Finland
The nature of Russian imperialism in Finland during the first half of the nineteenth century
"...To form an ever more (im)perfect union" : some suggestions for further research on Finland's position in the Russian Empire
Plans for commercial agents and consuls of autonomous Finland
All the Russians : travels and studies in contemporary European Russia, Finland, Siberia, the Caucasus, and Central Asia
Finland's progress to national statehood within the development of the Russian empire's administrative system
Whistleblowing from below : Finnish rural inhabitants' letters to the imperial power at the turn of the twentieth century
Luminaries of a golden age
At the beginning of the nineteenth century, the Russian nobility discovered the pristine landscapes of Finland. Travelling from St. Petersburg, they described the territory newly annexed to the Empire as a Northern Arcadia, a rural haven for their body and soul, while Finns were seen as peaceful “children of nature”, humble and honest. How did these idyllic images of Finland develop? More particularly, what was the value of these perceptions in the Russian imperial context? Based on published travel accounts, this An Imperial Idyll investigates the process through which Russians came to describe and depict Finland as part of their Empire. As a historical survey of the construction of Russian representations of Finland, it sheds new light on familiar places such as Imatra, Helsinki, or the Saimaa Canal by analyzing their creation as remarkable sites as a component of Russian imperialism.
Finland and the Russian Duma
A précis of the public law of Finland
Nationalism and revolution : Political dividing lines in the Grand Duchy of Finland during the last years of Russian rule
The Finnish economy and Russia 1809-1917
Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 25 A 1979 s. 588.
The Finnish question in British political life, 1899-1914
The Finns of St. Petersburg
