http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3246 librarians
librarians
The school lunch lady, a secret crime fighter, sets out to stop a group of librarians bent on destroying a shipment of video games, while a group of students known as the Breakfast Bunch provides back-up / WorldCat.
When a salvage company's plans to dig up treasure that was buried on Pirate Island centuries earlier rouse local ire, library director Lindsey Norris investigates the murder of the local tourism director, who hired the company.
Library mascot cage match : An Unshelved collection
"This work analyzes the stereotypical image of librarians, in motion pictures from the silent era to the 21st century. The work briefly describes each film, and then examines its librarian, considering every aspect of the total character from socio-economic conditions and motivations for leaving or not leaving the library, to personal attributes, to props, plot situations and lines"--Provided by publisher.
At first sight
The library of unrequited love
No pirates allowed! said Library Lou
The awakening of Miss Prim
Guards! Guards! : a Discworld novel
Information services today : an introduction
Library wars : Love & war. 8
The emerging research library : our role in the digital future
The role of the legal information officer
The loop
The Library at Mount Char
Global issues in 21st century research librarianship : Nordinfos 25th anniversary publication
Training needs analysis
Library wars : Love & war. 2
Library wars : Love & war. 6
Stress and burnout in library service
The second Aurora Teagarden omnibus
The ice queen : a novel
IFLA directory 1998/1999
The alienated librarian
The roles of reference librarians : today and tomorrow
Managing the one-person library
Codex born
The Time Traveler's Wife
Large print : An Unshelved collection
American wife : a novel
An overview of the changing role of the systems librarian : systemic shifts
The world through picture books : librarians' favourite books from their country
Happily-ever-after librarian Alice Ripley unexpectedly finds herself in a real-life adventure filled with mystery and romance in the 1930s as she serves rural communities in Kentucky / Library of Congress.
Irrepressible reformer : a biography of Melvil Dewey
Library wars : Love & war. 11
The Julius house
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
Lunch Lady and the league of librarians
I believe in unicorns
Library wars : Love & war. 7
IFLA directory 2007-2009
Information for a new age : redefining the librarian : a LIRT 15th anniversary publication
The new academic librarian : essays on changing roles and responsibilities
Alcatraz versus the evil Librarians
The literal-minded housekeeper causes chaos at her local library when she stops by to help the librarian.
The trouble with witches : an Ophelia and Abby mystery
The new liBEARian
Mr. Dixon disappears : a mobile library mystery
Books can be deceiving : a library lover's mystery
On borrowed time
Foster child Alcatraz Smedry receives a bag of sand which is stolen by the evil Librarians who are trying to take over the world, and Alcatraz is introduced to his grandfather and his own talent, and told that he must use it to save civilization.
Library wars : Love & war. 14
Library wars : Love & war. 5
When the Briar Creek Community Theater mounts its newest Shakespeare production, "Midsummer Night's Dream," library director Lindsey Norris gets involved when one of the cast is poisoned.
Worldsoul
Unbound
Unshelved
Into the future : the foundations of library and information services in the post-industrial era
Guidelines for the education and training of school librarians
Library wars : Love & war. 9
When her brother, Jack, a world-traveling consultant for a coffee company, goes missing, Briar Creek library director Lindsey Norris gets mixed up in a strange case involving South American business dealings and an exotic woman.
The whole library handbook : teen Services
Creating leaders : an examination of academic and research library leadership institutes
The delegates' choice
Business reference services and sources : how end users and librarians work together
Ethical decision making for digital libraries
He is young. He is hot. He is also evil. He is ....... the librarian. Cynthia's best friend, Annie, falls head over heels for the new high-school librarian, but after meeting Mr. Gabriel, Cyn realizes something isn't quite right. Maybe it's the creepy look in the librarian's eyes... or the blood and horns and bat-like wings that appear when he thinks no one is looking. He's a demon... and now Cyn has to save her best friend from the clutches of the evil librarian, who also seems to be slowly sucking the life force out of the entire student body / Library off Congress.
Assessing liaison librarians : documenting impact for positive change
Dewey's nine lives : the legacy of the small-town library cat who inspired millions
Training skills for information and library staff
New librarian, new job : practical advice for managing the transition
Library wars : Love & war. 13
A broadening conversation : classic readings in theological librarianship
When you picture a librarian, what do you imagine? An old white woman with glasses and a prudish disposition? That is the image that many people conjure up when asked to picture a librarian; with 82 per cent of the professional force being female and the average age of a librarian at 45, coupled with popular stereotypical images, it is difficult to dispute the perceptions. But there is more to librarians than meets the eye. This book will explore the origin of the image and popular media images of the librarian, in addition to the effects of the stereotype, and the challenges to the perception of librarians today.
Personal development in the information and library profession
Women and librarianship : an investigation into certain problems of library staffing
All the little liars
"In the latest Library Lover's Mystery from the New York Times bestselling author of A Likely Story, a decades-overdue book puts library director Lindsey Norris hot on the trail of a cold case. When the Briar Creek Public Library holds its first overdue book amnesty day no fines for late returns the volume of incoming materials is more than Lindsey and her staff can handle. In a bind, Lindsey drafts the crafternoon ladies to help check in and sort the stacks of books. But one tardy tome catches her attention a copy of J. D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye, twenty years past due. When Lindsey looks up the borrower, she's shocked to discover it was a murdered schoolteacher named Candice Whitley, whose killer was never found. Candice checked out the novel on the day she was murdered. Now Lindsey wonders if it could provide a clue to the decades-old cold case. No one noticed who brought the book back in, but could it be Candice's killer? Lindsey is determined to catch the culprit one way or another, because justice for Candice Whitley is long overdue.."--
Working in the virtual stacks : the new library and information science
Library wars : Love & war. 15
Management for librarians : fundamentals and issues
IFLA directory 2002/2003
The image of the library and information profession : how we see ourselves: an investigation : a report of an empirical study undertaken on behalf of IFLA's Round Table for the Management of Library Associations
Three bedrooms, one corpse : an Aurora Teagarden novel
A fire upon the deep
Dewey : there's a cat in the library
Brain friendly school libraries
Better late than never
Not your ordinary librarian : debunking the popular preseptions of librarians
Patrons are people : how to be a model librarian
The public librarian : a report of the public library inquiry
Managing your school library and information service : a practical handbook
Crusible of secrets
The role of women in librarianship 1876-1976 : the entry, advancement, and struggle for equalization in one profession
Frequently asked questions : An Unshelved collection
Library wars : Love & war. 12
Kafka on the shore
"Aurora Teagarden is basking in the news of her pregnancy when disaster strikes her small Georgia town: four kids vanish from the school soccer field in an afternoon. Aurora's 15-year-old brother Phillip is one of them. Also gone are two of his friends, and an 11-year-old girl who was just hoping to get a ride home from soccer practice. And then there's an even worse discovery--at the kids' last known destination, a dead body. While the local police and sheriff's department comb the county for the missing kids and interview everyone even remotely involved, Aurora and her new husband, true crime writer Robin Crusoe, begin their own investigation. Could the death and kidnappings have anything to do with a group of bullies at the middle school? Is Phillip's disappearance related to Aurora's father's gambling debts? Or is Phillip himself, new to town and an unknown quantity, responsible for taking the other children? But regardless of the reason, as the days go by, the most important questions remain. Are the kids still alive? Who could be concealing them? Where could they be? With Christmas approaching, Aurora is determined to find her brother...if he's still alive. After more than a decade, #1 New York Times bestseller Charlaine Harris finally returns to her fan-favorite Aurora Teagarden series with All the Little Liars, a fabulously fun new mystery"--
The status, reputation and image of the library and information profession : proceedings of the IFLA pre-session seminar, Delhi, 24-28 August 1992
Read responsibly : An Unshelved collection
The book stops here : a mobile library mystery
Library wars : Love & war. 4
Book, line, and sinker : a library lover's mystery
Marketing the information profession to the information society
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
Last one out turn off the lights : is this the future of American and Canadian libraries?
Mayumi and the sea of happiness
You can tell your kid will grow up to be a librarian when... : cartoons about the profession
Dewey : the true story of a world famous library cat
Reader's advisory : An Unshelved collection
"The new essays on today's academic librarians examine above all their functions and responsibilities. From digital resources and special collections, to web development and new outreach initiatives, the topics covered by the essays in this book will reassure new librarians and stimulate prospective librarians as they realize the enhanced and varied positions that are available"--
IFLA directory 2000/2001
Mostly in the line of duty : thirty years with books
Wild about books
Sourcery : discworld novel
IFLA directory 1980/1981
Dewey : the small-town library-cat who touched the world
Library models in academic libraries : comparative case study: University of Cambridge and Anglia Ruskin University
Eoin Colfer's legend of Spud Murphy
Status and image of the librarian : report of a sample survey carried out in twelve countries
Library science : prospects in 21st century
Bartholomew Udemmadu Nwafor: 1939-1991 : an appreciation and an annotated bibliography of his writings
The professional development of the librarian and information worker
Unshelved. volume 1
Read it and weep : a library lover's mystery
When Carrie Rushton is accused of murdering her husband, library director Lindsey Norris and the Briar Creek crafternoon club launch their own investigation during a nor'easter that has left the police otherwise occupied.
The ninja librarians : the accidental keyhand
Alcatraz versus the Scrivener's Bones
Library wars : Love & war. 3
Issues in library education : a report of the conference on library education, Princeton University, December 11th and 12th, 1948
Lakeshore Christmas
Library wars : Love & war. 1
Book club : An Unshelved collection
Spoken from the heart
Study motivation, work orientation and 'personality structure' of future librarians : a research among approximately 500 first-year library school students from 8 European countries
Long overdue : a library reader
A highly unlikely scenario : or, a Neetsa Pizza employee's guide to saving the world
The mindful librarian : connecting the practice of mindfulness to librarianship
The long overdue library book : stories librarians tell each other
School librarians : guidelines for competency requirements
The time traveler's wife
The image of librarians in cinema, 1917-1999
What would Dewey do? : An Unshelved collection
Library wars : Love & war. 10
You don't look like a librarian : shattering stereotypes and creating positive new images in the Internet age
The borrower
Alia's mission : saving the books of Iraq
British universities encyclopaedia. 12, World's libraries and librarians
The rights of desire
Ethics and values in librarianship : a history
Portraits and reviews
The grand complication
Factors related to the professional development of librarians
What would Dewey do? : an unshelved collection
