http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3247 library management
library management
Teach yourself librarianship
School libraries for today and tomorrow : functions and standards
Collection development for libraries
Librarianship in the information age : proceedings : the 13th BOBCATSSS Symposium, 31 January - 2 February 2005 in Budapest, Hungary
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 28 / edited by Danuta A. Nitecki
Essential guide to the library IBM PC. Vol. 12, Serials control systems for libraries
O katalogu : izbor iz radova = Selected writings on the catalogue
Introduction to librarianship
Library use : handbook for psychology
Libraries and archives : design and renovation with a preservation perspective
International newspaper librarianship for the 21st century
Library confidential : oddballs, geeks, and gangstas in the public library
Library management development project : 2nd report
The virtual reference librarian's handbook
Handbook of special librarianship and information work
A handbook of comparative librarianship
Museum librarianship
Reading the Russian Language : a guide for librarians and other professionals
Advances in library administration and organization. Volume 16
Zephyr : passive climate controlled repositories : storage facilities for museum, archive and library purposes
Branch library practice
Managing library volunteers : a practical toolkit
Entrepreneurial librarianship : the key to effective information services management
A broadening conversation : classic readings in theological librarianship
The whole school library handbook
Advances in library administration and organization. Volume 28
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 30 / edited by Danuta A. Nitecki and Eileen Abels
Contemporary developments in librarianship : an international handbook
Selected readings in the history of librarianship
Long overdue : a library reader
Annual review of information science and technology
The management of performance in libraries and museums : a guide to staff
Library science : prospects in 21st century
Becoming a library teacher
Newspapers of the world online : U.S. and international perspectives : proceedings of conferences in Salt Lake City and Seoul, 2006
Multicultural librarianship : an international handbook
Cheng shi fa zhan yu tu shu guan fu wu : Di er jie guo ji tu shu guan lun tan lun wen ji = City development and library services : proceedings of the Second Shanghai International Library Forum
Library power : a new philosophy of librarianship
National technical information services : Worldwide directory
Advances in library administration and organization. 12
Museum librarianship : a guide to the provision and management of information services
Licensing and managing electronic resources
Critical journeys : how 14 librarians came to embrace critical practice
A growing number of librarians are engaged with critical theories such as critical pedagogy, feminist theory, queer theory, critical race theory, or post-colonialism. Because librarians have backgrounds in all disciplines and inhabit a uniquely central space in our culture, they are combining these theories in unique ways. By remixing ideas from Foucault, Freire, hooks, and Habermas, new and creative practices are emerging. In this book you will hear the story of fourteen librarians and how they each came to be engaged in a critical practice. In each chapter a different academic or public librarian will be interviewed. Interviewees will include instruction librarians, catalogers, archivists, administrators, and library school professors. Discover what these librarians find inspirational about critical theories, how they work to create a critical practice in their professional lives, and how they see critical practices growing in our profession. Hear these librarians reflect on their own critical practices of librarianship and perhaps become inspired to begin a critical journey of your own.
The basics of librarianship
The ethics of librarianship : an international survey
The role of the legal information officer
Preservation of library and archival materials : a manual : revised and expanded
Getting libraries the credit they deserve : a festschrift in honor of Marvin H. Scilken
The library and information work primer
Public Library Journal
A history of the principles of librarianship
Advances in library administration and organization. Volume 15
The organization and philosophy of the children's department of one public library
Advances in library administration and organization. 14
Library technique
Evaluating the school library media center : analysis techniques and research practices
The role of the academic librarian
The emerging school library media center : historical issues and perspectives
Librarianship : an introduction
PACT 12 1985 : European postgraduate course 2, the conservation of library and archive property Rome, 3th - 12th April 1980 : European intensive course
Are we there yet : evaluating library collections, reference services, programs, and personnel
Mastering digital librarianship : strategy, networking and discovery in academic libraries
Be a librarian : a guide to careers in modern librarianship
Conservation of library and archive materials and the graphic arts
Literacy skills as local intangible capital : the history of a rural lending library c. 1860 - 1920
Dictionary of librarianship : including a selection from the terminology of information science, bibliology, reprography, higher education, and data processing : German-English, English-German = Wörterbuch des Bibliothekswesens : unter Berücksichtigung der bibliothekarisch wichtigen Terminologie des Informations- und Dokumentationswesens, des Buchwesens, der Reprographie, des Hochschulwesens und der Datenverarbeitung : Deutsch-Englisch, Englisch-Deutsch
Advances in library and information science in Finland
Relegation and stock control in libraries
Bookbinding & conservation by hand : a working guide
Encyclopedia of library and information science
Operating and evaluating school library media programs : a handbook for administrators and librarians
Farewell to Alexandria : solutions to space, growth, and performance problems of libraries : [papers]
Harrod's librarians' glossary of terms used in librarianship, documentation and the book crafts and reference book
Radio frequency identification handbook for librarians
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 29 / edited by Danuta A. Nitecki and Eileen Abels
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 27 / edited by Frederick C. Lynden
Advances in library administration and organization. 15
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 24 / edited by Elizabeth A. Chapman, Frederick C. Lynden
International librarianship : cooperation and collaboration
Glut : mastering information through the ages
The teacher-librarian's handbook
Our singular strengths : meditations for librarians
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 25 / edited by Frederick C. Lynden
This book examines the changing roles of the librarian and how working within a rich digital environment has impacted on the ability of professionals to develop the appropriate 'know how', skills, knowledge and behaviours required in order to operate effectively. Expert specialists and opinion makers from around the world discuss the challenges and successes of adapting existing practices, introducing new services and working with new partners in an environment that no longer recognises traditional boundaries and demarcation of roles. The book is structured thematically, with a focus on three key strands where the impact of digital technologies is significant: * Communication - looks at how mobile devices are being used by LIS to enhance communication between services, staff, students and other stakeholder groups and investigates the extent to which LIS have successfully incorporated social media in their approach to managing customer enquiries. * Teaching and Learning - examines the role of the librarian in engaging with, supporting and training Generation Y researchers in adapting to changing scholarly practices brought about by digitally rich research environment. * Service Innovation - investigates the impact of the digital on collection management and user choice, the design and management of learning spaces to integrate mobile technologies and the impact this has on how librarians work within the space and support users in their effective use of technologies for communication, sharing and learning. Readership: Librarians, library schools, departments of information science and other professional groups such as education developers, learning technologists and IT specialists.
The book collection : policy case studies in public and academic libraries
Managing 21st century libraries
Advances in library administration and organization. 13
Libraries and society in Shanghai 1840-1949
Encyclopedia of library history
The whole library handbook : teen Services
Guide for the development and management of nursing libraries and information resources
Library materials preservation manual : practical methods for preserving books, pamphlets and other printed materials
Literacy Skills as Local Intangible Capital : The History of a Rural Lending Library c. 1860–1920
Advances in librarianship. Volume 33
The dynamic library organizations in a changing environment
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 26 / edited by Frederick C. Lynden
Project management : tools and techniques for today's ILS professional
Filling empty space : a treatise on semiotic structures in information retrieval, in documentation, and in related research
If you want to evaluate your library..
