http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3257 Indo-Iranian languages
Indo-Iranian languages
Language in time and space : a Festschrift for Werner Winter on the occasion of his 80th birthday
The Ōrmuṛī or Bargistā language : an account of a little-known Eranian dialect
The major languages of South Asia, the Middle East and Africa
Indo-Iranian languages and peoples
Studies in the historical development of the Ossetic vocalism
The Avestan vowels
A Pali grammar for students
Papers included have been extensively revised, rewritten, and expanded; includes two papers not presented at the conference.
Pashto : the complete course. IA
Pashto : the complete course. IB
The Indo-European dialects
The formation of Aryan branch of Indo-European
Romani : a linguistic introduction
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 1, Parachi and Ormuri
Languages of South Asia : a guide
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 3, 3, The Pashai language : Vocabulary
Old and new perspectives on South Asian languages : grammar and semantics
Pashto : the complete course. IIA
A dictionary of first names
Pre-Proto-Iranians of Afghanistan as initiators of Śākta Tantrism : on the Scythian/Saka affiliation of the Dāsas, Nuristanis and Magadhans
Adaptive multilinguals : a survey of language on Larak Island
Vidyārṇavavandanam : essays in Honour of Asko Parpola
Studies in the history and language of the Sarmatians
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 3, 2, The Pashai language : texts and translations
Minor languages : approaches, definitions, controversies : papers from the conference on 'Minor Languages : Coming to grips with a suitable definition', Bremen, June 2001
Proto-Indo-European, Proto-Aryan, Proto-Indo-Aryan and Proto-Iranian in archaeological perspective : summary of a holsitic attempt at reconstruction
Semantic spaces of Persian light verbs
Discourse features in Balochi of Sistan : (oral narratives)
Introduction to Avestan
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 2, Iranian Pamir languages (Yidgha-Munji, Sanglechi-Ishkashmi and Wakhi)
The ancient picture of the world in Indo-Iranian and Finno-Ugic languages
A grammar of the Shina language of Indus Kohistan
Northern Talysh
The Dardic and Nuristani languages
This Introduction to Avestan provides a concise grammar of the Avestan language, including information on the language history and short text samples with a glossary.
Pashto : the complete course. IIB
Etymological dictionary of the Iranian verb
Comparative-historical linguistics : Indo-European and Finno-Ugric : papers in honor of Oswald Szemerényi III
