http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3253 pleas
pleas
Whistleblowing from below : Finnish rural inhabitants' letters to the imperial power at the turn of the twentieth century
Epistolary Korea : letters in the communicative space of the Chosŏn, 1392-1910
User perspective on assistive technology in daily life : a qualitive analysis of 55 letters from citizens applying for assistive technology
Appendix : acta pontificum Suecica. 2, Acta poenitentiare : Auctoritate papae : the church province of Uppsala and the apostolic penitentiary 1410-1526
"By expanding the definition of "epistle" to include any writing that addresses the intended receiver directly, JaHyun Kim Haboush introduces readers to the rich epistolary practice of Chosŏn Korea. The Chosŏn dynasty (1392-1910) produced an abundance of epistles, writings that mirror the genres of neighboring countries (especially China) while retaining their own specific historical trajectory. Written in both literary Chinese and vernacular Korean, the writings collected here range from royal public edicts to private letters, a fascinating array that blurs the line between classical and everyday language and the divisions between men and women. Haboush's selections also recast the relationship between epistolography and the concept of public and private space. Haboush groups her epistles according to where they were written and read : public letters, letters to colleagues and friends, social letters, and family letters. Then she arranges them according to occasion : letters on leaving home, deathbed letters, letters of fiction, and letters to the dead. She examines the mechanics of epistles, their communicative space, and their cultural and political meaning. With its wholly unique collection of materials, "Epistolary Korea" produces more than a vivid chronicle of pre- and early modern Korean life. It breaks new ground in establishing the terms of a distinct, non-European form of epistolography."-- Back cover.
Petitions to the Crown from English religious houses, c.1272-c.1485
Appeals from Estonia
Petitions in social history
Research funding toolkit
Origins of democratic culture : printing, petitions, and the public sphere in early-modern England
Writing successful grant proposals from the top down and the bottom up
Proposal writing : effective grantsmanship
How to write a competitive proposal for Framework 7 : a research manager's handbook
Through the petitions which they addressed to the crown the people of medieval England speak to us directly: the human interest stories they reveal are perhaps the nearest thing to local newspapers which the middle ages have left us. Petitions were the subject's last resort when normal channels of law and government had failed, and offered kings the opportunity to exercise qualities of generosity, compassion, and sound judgment. However, despite their importance, they have not hitherto been recognized as a source for ecclesiastical history, a gap which this volume rectifies. A selection of over 200 cases shows the religious of medieval England taking full advantage of this mechanism, petitioning as landowners, neighbours, citizens, individuals, and religious orders. The subjects covered range from requests for tax rebates, and complaints about royal officials, to disputes with tenants, with townsmen, monastic rivals, and ecclesiastical superiors. National politics and international warfare are also represented, as are coastal erosion, and higher education.
How to write a competitive proposal for framework 6 : a research managers handbook
Business life pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
