http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3269 small water systems
small water systems
Construction and installation of hexagonal wooden cages for fish farming : a technical manual
Pools, ponds and marshes : small water bodies, oases of biodiversity
Identification of processes leading to long-term wastewater purification in northern treatment wetlands
Assessment of freshwater fish seed resources for sustainable aquaculture
Renewable energy in Europe : building markets and capacity
Transpiration and water budgets of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) dominated stands in relation to canopy structure
Handling of digestate on farm level : economic calculations = Hantering av rötrest på gårdsnivå - ekonomiska beräkningar
Problem organisms in water : Identification and treatment
Treatment wetlands (TW) constructed on natural wetlands potentially perform efficient purification of wastewater, but the longevity of TWs at northern latitudes is not well known. This thesis examined processes affecting nutrient and suspended solids (SS) retention in TWs during their lifetime. In total, 15 TWs were studied using water and peat quality and gas flux data for different TW life lengths, the longest period being 18 years.The TWs commonly retained nutrients and suspended solids efficiently, even after 18 years of wastewater loading. For nitrogen (N) removal, sedimentation, nitrification-denitrification and plant uptake were efficient processes in the wetlands studied. However, emissions of nitrous oxide (N2O) from TWs are not a major contributor to climate change due to the small total surface area of TWs. The significance of anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and other newly discovered nitrogen processes in TWs remains to be clarified. Phosphorus (P) adsorption capacity in TWs remained efficient over a 12-year study period, the process being continuous when surfaces for adsorption were available or freed up through alternating absorption/desorption/adsorption. Phosphorus accumulation by peat accretion was low, but has not been well assessed in northern TWs receiving nutrient-rich waters. Iron (Fe) and aluminium (Al) in peat extraction runoff and purified wastewater from sewage treatment plants were of great importance for precipitation of P in TWs. Filtration and sedimentation of organic humic substances with Fe- or Al-bound P were other probable P retention pathways. In peat extraction runoff, Fe was more significant than Al for P retention, but Fe-bound P is susceptible to desorption in anaerobic environments, whereas Al-bound P is more strongly retained. Suspended solids were generally retained well, although there was great variation in percentage retention in individual TWs in different years and different seasons. Changes in discharge affected SS transportation and retention. SS were retained by sedimentation, the rate of which was affected by particle size. It is plausible that smaller particles from old peat extraction areas where the extracted peat has a high humification degree erode more easily than poorly humified particles in surface peat. Weakened SS retention may also have been caused by development of preferential flow areas (PFA) in TWs, changes in sediment delivery characteristics and sampling involving too few samples to show SS transportation sufficiently accurately for estimating SS retention.Thus TWs are potentially ideal for purification of wastewater and can have high purification efficiency even after long-term use in northern regions. They are also more widely applicable as long as their limitations are understood.
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Advanced Technologies and Management Towards Sustainable Greenhouse Ecosystems : GreenSys2011 : Athens, Greece, June 5-10, 2011
Recovery of microbial activity in a biofilm wastewater treatment process
Mrs Pepperpot learns to swim
Smallholder irrigation technology : prospects for sub-Saharan Africa
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus in runoff from arable clayey soils
Monitoring stream and watershed restoration
The biggest muddy puddle in the world
Seasonality of bacterioplankton in subarctic ponds above and below treeline
The Sphagnum ponds of Simmelried in Germany : a biodiversity hot-spot for microscopic organisms
Ecology of zooplankton in subarctic ponds, with a focus on responses to ultraviolet radiation
Spatial and temporal variability of freshwater biodiversity in natural and modified forested landscapes
Wastewater engineering : treatment, disposal, and reuse
Farm ponds for water, fish and livelihoods
Predicting species richness of wood-inhabiting fungi, epiphytic bryophytes and lichens based on stand structure and indicator species
Hypothyroidism in Spanish Water Dogs in Finland
Ecological investigations on the insect fauna in rock-pools in Blekinge, Sweden
Preimaginal feeding habits of Dictyogenus fontium (Plecoptera, Perlodidae) in an alpine brook in NW Italy
Reduction of Particulate Matter Emissions in EU Inland Waterway Transport
The struggle for access to land and water resources in Zimbabwe : the case of Shamva district
