http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3267 animal feedingstuffs
animal feedingstuffs
Rabbit production
Report of the growth trial for Finnewos Aqua Ltd at the Rymättylä Fish Research Station, Finland 1995
Summary: Low salmonella infection rate is based on high risk control level in feed factories.
Recent developments in forage evaluation with special reference to practical applications
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of locally produced unprocessed or expander-processed coloured flowered faba bean (FB) (cv. "Kontu") seeds in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables were determined with 560 hens (Lohmann Selected Leghorn, LSL Classic) in a 40-week continued experiment. The hens were fed one of the five diets containing soybean meal as the main protein source. A diet without FB was served as a control diet. Both unprocessed and expander-processed FB was tested either in proportions of 50 g kg-1 or 100 g kg-1 in the diet. Faba bean inclusion (control vs. FB diets) had no effect on the egg production rate, egg mass production, feed consumption, or feed conversion ratio, but it decreased egg weight (p<0.05). Dietary FB inclusion tended to increase the mortality of the hens (p<0.10). Faba bean processing had no effects on egg production parameters or hen mortality. Daily egg mass production decreased and feed conversion ratio increased when FB proportion increased (from 50 to 100 g kg-1, p<0.05). Faba bean inclusion had no effects on egg exterior quality. It can be concluded that 50 g kg-1 of the FB studied (cv. "Kontu") can be used in the diets of laying hens (LSL Classic) without negative effects on production performance or livability.
Effects of dietary rapeseed meal and peas on the performance and meat quality of broilers
The encyclopedia of farm animal nutrition
Milk production from silage : comparison of grass, legume and maize silages and their mixtures
Effect of two microbial phytase preparations on phosphorus utilisation in broilers fed maize-soybean meal based  diets
Effects of and interactions between the extent of silage fermentation and protein and protein supplementation in lactating dairy cows
Nutrient requirements of goats : angora, dairy, and meat goats in temperate and tropical countries
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
Effects of restriction of silage fermentation with formic acid on milk production
Ruminant physiology : digestion, metabolism, growth, and reproduction
Concentration and estimated flow of soluble non-ammonia nitrogen entering the omasum of dairy cows as influenced by different protein supplements
Faba beans in diets for growing-finishing pigs
Effect of breed on production, carcass traits and meat quality of Aberdeen Angus, Limousin and Aberdeen Angus×Limousin bulls offered a grass silage-grain-based diet
Effects of physical treatment of barley and rapeseed meal in dairy cows given grass silage-based diets
An ensiling experiment was conducted to assess the possibility for increasing the selenium content in grass silage by using a selenium-enriched silage additive, and to determine possible changes in the form of selenium during ensiling. Prewilted and precision-chopped silage was prepared from the second cut of timothy - meadow fescue sward in southern Finland. The additive treatments (6 g kg-1) were: control without additive, water containing 50 mg sodium selenate kg-1, and formic acid-based additive containing 10, 50 or 500 mg sodium selenate kg-1. The selenium content of the control silage was low (0.069 mg kg-1 dry matter) whereas the selenium content of the other silages was in line with the dose level of selenium delivered in the additive. The added selenate was detected only as selenate in the silages. Addition of sodium selenate to silage additive provided a controlled way to add selenium to the diet of forage-fed animals.
Silage and the safety and quality of dairy foods : a review
Pathogenic Yersinia enterocolitica and Yersinia pseudutuberculosis - real-time PCR methods for detection in food, feed and environmental samples
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) with enzyme addition in diets for broilers
In vitro N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded canola, linseed and soybean
Feeding concentrates : supplements for dairy cows
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) in laying hen diets
The isolation and characterisation of a heterofermentative inoculant and its effect on silage quality and aerobic stability
Use of algae and aquatic macrophytes as feed in small-scale aquaculture : a review
Silage for milk production : proceedings of a Conference organised jointly with the Milk Marketing Board, held at Malvern, Worcestershire, 31 October and 1 November 1988
Post-pelleting application of liquid additives
Control of hygiene in feeding stuff for animals in the European Union
Fodder productivity and quality in two coastal seashore meadows in Eastern Uusimaa, Finland
Applied equine nutrition and training : Equine NUtrition and TRAining COnference (ENUTRACO) 2015
Comparison of methods for determining the density of grass silage
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of different levels of rapeseed expeller cake (RC) in the diet of laying hens on egg performance, egg quality, retention and excretion of nitrogen, calcium and phosphorus, and metabolizability of energy. The experiment was carried out with 72 Bovans Brown hens, from 28 to 53 weeks of age. Experimental treatment consisted of four isonitrogenous and isocaloric corn-soybean diets (as calculated: 17% crude protein, 11.6 MJ/kg metabolizable energy, 0.81% lysine, 0.36% methionine, 3.60% calcium and 0.37% available phosphorus), containing 0, 4, 6 or 8% RC. The RC used was produced from double zero rapeseed and contained 29.3% crude protein, 17.4% crude fat, 10.8% crude fibre, 0.63% calcium, 0.97% phosphorus, 1.91% lysine and 0.84% methionine. During the experimental period, the dietary level of RC had no significant effects on egg performance and egg quality parameters. Boiled eggs from hens fed a diet with 8% RC were characterized by an inferior flavour to those from other groups. There were no treatment effects on nitrogen balance or metabolizability of energy, though the highest dietary level of RC negatively affected retention and excretion of calcium and phosphorus.
Estimated metabolizable energy yields of perennial and annual grass swards compared with those of spring barley and oat
All flesh is grass : the pleasures and promises of pasture farming
The effects of dietary fumonisin B1 on growth and physiology of rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss)
Proceedings 2003 Cornell Nutrition Conference for Feed Manufacturers : October 21-23, 2003 Wyndham Syracuse, East Syracuse, NY
Technical change in Finnish grass silage production
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of white-flowered semi-leafless green spring peas in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables (specific weight, Haugh unit, shell strenght) were determined with 576 hens in a 52-week feeding experiment, which comprised of three feeding phases. The hens were offered one of the four cereal and soybean meal (SBM) based experimental diets. Peas were tested in proportions of 0, 100, 200 or 300 g kg-1 in the diet. Pea inclusion had no effects on production performance, feed consumption or feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the hens during the entire trial. The pea inclusion impaired FCR during the second feeding phase (p < 0.05) and increased birds' live weight in a linear manner during the second and the third feeding phases (p < 0.05). Pea inclusion had no effects on egg quality. It can be concluded that at least 300 g kg-1 of the studied peas can be used in the diets of laying hens without negative effects on production performance or egg quality.
Dietary preferences of weaned piglets offered diets containing organic acids
The feed analysis laboratory : establishment and quality control : setting up a feed analysis laboratory, and implementing a quality assurance system compliant with with ISO/IEC 17025:2005
Forages for growing pigs : partition of digestion and nutritive value
The biochemistry of silage
Recent advances in animal nutrition
The influence of raw grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) seeds on growth performance and biochemical and haematological parameters in the blood of grower-finisher pigs
World animal science. B 4, Feed science
Use of faba beans (Vicia faba L.) in diets of laying hens
Twenty years of selenium fertilization : September 8-9, 2005, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
Performance, carcass quality, and gastric alterations in fattening pigs fed additives containing formic acid either coated with sorbate or mixed with lactic acid
The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of raw seeds of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) in feed mixtures for grower-finisher pigs on growth performance, and biochemical and haematological parameters in their blood, as well as on the weight of the liver and the kidney. The experiment was performed on 96 grower-finisher pigs of (Polish Landrace × Polish Large White) × Pietrain, weighing from 25 to ca. 100 kg. The pigs were divided into four diet groups. The feed compound of the control group contained extracted soybean meal. In experimental groups soybean meal protein was replaced by raw grass pea seeds in quantities of 50% in grower and/or finisher diet, and 100% in both fattening period. The use of raw grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feeds in finisher diet did not result in lower growth performance in comparison to the control group. However, the fatteners fed grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feedstuffs in both fattening periods revealed the highest feed and energy intake per kg of live weight gain, compared to the group feed grass pea only in the second phase of the fattening period. A higher share of grass pea seeds in the mixture led to weaker growth performance and carcass characteristics. Hypertrophy of kidney and liver was noted in the animals which were fed with raw seeds of grass pea amounting to 100% of protein feeds. Also, hyperactivity of ALAT, ASAT and alkaline phosphatase was observed in the animals' serum. No negative influence of applying raw seeds of grass pea amounting up to 50% of protein feeds in grower and/or finisher periods on the parameters examined was noted.
Biogas production from ensiled maize with and without hydrothermal pretreatment
Directory of feeds and feed ingredients
Origins of strength, failure and variation in feed pellet quality : relevant for production and transportation of the material
Impact dehulling oat grain to improve quality of on-farm produced feed. 1, Hullability and associated changes in nutritive value and energy content
Livestock feed resources and feed evaluation in Europe : present situation and future prospects
Proceedings of the FAO Expert Consultation on the substitution of imported concentrate feeds in animal production systems in developing countries : held in the FAO regional office for Asia and the Pacific, Bangkok, 9-13 September 1985
Performance, meat quality and litter quality were determined in 4000 male and female Ross 308 broilers fed on starter diet (soybean meal or rapeseed meal and peas) and grower-finisher diets based on either soybean meal (control) or substituting rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal and pea in different proportions (100/0%, 75/25% or 50/50%) for soybean meal in iso-nitrogenous basis. Performance of the birds fed with soybean meal diets was superior compared to that of the birds fed with rapeseed meal and pea based diets. Bird performance was the poorest and mortality the highest for the birds fed with the rapeseed meal grower diet. In this experiment birds did not reach performance target for the age and strain of bird. Overall, diet based solely on rapeseed meal protein is not suitable for broiler production. However, dietary rapeseed meal inclusion clearly improved fatty acid profile of breast meat. The omega-6/omega-3-ratio was 4.1, 2.4 and 2.7 for soybean meal, rapeseed meal, and rapeseed meal and peas based diets, respectively. There were no differences in sensory quality evaluation of breast meat between the treatments..
Current advances in selenium research and applications. Volume 1
In a Green Biorefinery processing green biomass one possible application for the press-cake fraction is as a feedstuff for ruminants. This study investigates the effects of ensiling and fractionation on the estimated nutritive value of three grassland species harvested at different stages of maturity. Perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L., var. Gandalf), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L., var. Pizza) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L., var. Merviot) were grown in field plots and harvested and ensiled in laboratory silos. These silages were subsequently fractionated into press-cake and press-juice fractions. Loss of soluble, fermentable organic matter during ensiling increased the relative proportions of fibre and crude protein. Fractionation resulted in the substantial reduction of herbage soluble nutrient and mineral content, increasing the fibre content and reducing digestibility and crude protein. The low energy and protein content of the press-cake fraction, especially at later harvest dates, will limit its use in ruminant diets.
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
Yellow-flowered lucerne : properties and influence on performance and reproduction of ewes
Biotechnology in the feed industry : proceedings of the Alltech's 4th annual symposium
An experiment was conducted to compare a bunker silo sealing system comprising an oxygen barrier film (OB: 45μm thickness) with protective woven polypropylene with one comprising standard black polyethylene film (S; 125μm thickness) with protective tyres. Analysis of samples taken to 30 cm depth after 365 days of storage showed no differences in pH or lactic acid between the two sealing systems. There were no differences in aerobic bacterial count between silages. Whilst 2.56 log10 CFU moulds g-1 fresh weight were found in samples of silage sealed with S, no moulds were found in samples of silage sealed with OB. Aerobic stability, averaged 249 hours and 184 hours for OB and S, respectively. The OB system probably inhibited the development of the micro-organisms responsible for the initiation of aerobic deterioration to a greater extent than the standard silo sealing system.
Changes in maize silage fermentation products during aerobic deterioration and effects on dry matter intake by goats
Twenty years of selenium fertilization, September 8-9, 2005, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
This technical paper provides a comprehensive review of the use of wild fish as feed inputs for aquaculture covering existing practices and their sustainability as well as implications of various feed-fish fisheries scenarios. It comprises four regional reviews (Africa and the Near East, Asia and the Pacific, Europe, and Latin America and North America) and three case studies from Latin America (Chile, Peru and the study on the use of the Argentine anchoita in Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil). The four regional reviews specifically address the sustainable use of finite wild fish resources and the role that feed-fish fisheries may play for food security and poverty alleviation in these four regions and elsewhere. With additional information from case studies in China and Viet Nam, a global synthesis provides a perspective on the status and trends in the use of fish as feed and the issues and challenges confronting feed-fish fisheries. Based on the information presented in the global synthesis, regional reviews and three case studies, and through the fresh analysis of information presented elsewhere, an exploratory paper examines the use of wild fish as aquaculture feed from the perspective of poverty alleviation and food security.
Performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on silages made of whole-crop barley, whole-crop wheat, hairy vetch and grass
This technical paper presents a global review on the use of aquatic macrophytes as feed for farmed fish, with particular reference to their current and potential use by small-scale farmers. The review is organized under four major divisions of aquatic macrophytes: algae, floating macrophytes, submerged macrophytes and emergent macrophytes. Under floating macrophytes, Azolla, duckweeds and water hyacinths are discussed separately; the remaining floating macrophytes are grouped together and are reviewed as 'other floating macrophytes'. The review covers aspects concerned with the production and/or cultivation techniques and use of the macrophytes in their fresh and/or processed state as feed for farmed fish. Efficiency of feeding is evaluated by presenting data on growth, food conversion and digestibility of target fish species. Results of laboratory and field trials and on-farm utilization of macrophytes by farmed fish species are presented. The paper provides information on the different processing methods employed (including composting and fermentation) and results obtained to date with different species throughout the world with particular reference to Asia. Finally, it gives information on the proximate and chemical composition of most commonly occurring macrophytes, their classification and their geographical distribution and environmental requirements
Total mix rations and  supercows
This study was conducted to examine the performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation when compared to a grass silage-based diet. A feeding experiment comprised 36 bulls which were fed a total mixed ration ad libitum. The four dietary treatments were: 1) grass silage (600 g kg-1 dry matter) and rolled barley (400), 2) whole-crop barley silage (600) and rolled barley (400), 3) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (310) and rapeseed meal-based protein supplementation (90), and 4) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (330) and rapeseed meal + urea -based protein supplementation (70). Replacing grass silage with whole-crop barley decreased the carcass gain and carcass weight of the bulls due to lower energy intake. Protein supplementation either as rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal + urea of whole-crop barley silage based diets had no effects on animal performance.
Feed and food : statistical yearbook 1988.
Cattle fodder and human nutrition : with special reference to biological nitrogen fixation
Prediction of silage composition and organic matter digestibility from herbage composition and pepsin-cellulase solubility
Effects of variety, soil type and nitrogen fertilizer supply on the nutritive value of barley for growing pigs
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Digestion of wood-based hemicellulose extracts as screened by in vitro gas production method and verified in vivo using sheep
Effects of supplementary concentrate level and separate or total mixed ration feeding on performance of growing dairy bulls
Aflatoxins in foods and feeds
The aim was to study the effects of dietary pea inclusion and the addition of Avizyme 1200 -enzyme cocktail on broiler performance, intestinal viscosity and organoleptic quality of meat. The experimental design was a 4 × 2 factorial, the factors being dietary pea inclusion (0, 150, 300 and 450 g kg-1) in the diets fed from day 9 to day 38 and the addition of Avizyme 1200 enzyme cocktail including amylase, protease and xylanase during the entire experiment. The growth of birds improved (p ≤ 0.018) with pea inclusion in a cubic manner. Feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the birds fed on unsupplemented diets improved along pea inclusion, while pea inclusion impaired the FCR on the birds on enzyme cocktail supplemented diets (p ≤ 0.006). The use of the enzyme cocktail improved the body weight, body weight gain and FCR of the broilers and decreased intestinal viscosity (p < 0.001). The organoleptic quality of meat was similar among treatments (p > 0.05). In conclusion, 450 g kg-1 peas can be used in the broiler grower diets without negative effects on the bird performance. The use of enzyme cocktail improves bird performance.
The effect of NaOH-treated wheat on the voluntary intake and production in dairy cows fed total mixed rations
The effects of added glycerol or unprotected free fatty acids or a combination of the two on silage intake, milk production, rumen fermentation and diet digestibility in cows given grass silage based diets
Forage conservation and feeding
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Impacts of winter feeding of reindeer on vegetation and soil in  the sub-Arctic : insights from a feeding experiment
Objective of the study was to compare the composition and nutritional value of a winter brown- (BRC) and three yellow-seeded (YRC) cold-pressed rapeseed cakes as the components of pigs' diets, and to assess their effects on colonic bacterial fermentation and the relative weight of organs. In experiment 1, the standardised ileal digestibility (SID) of protein and amino acids (AA) of cakes was determined in 12 male cannulated pigs. Each diet was fed to six pigs during three seven-day periods. Ileal digesta was collected during the last three days of the period. In experiment 2, five groups each containing six female pigs with initial body weights (BW) of 20 kg were fed on diets containing BRC, YRC, or soyabean oil meal (SBM) as the main protein source. The apparent total tract digestibility (ATTD) of nutrients and growth performance were measured untill 60 kg BW was reached, and short chain fatty acids (SCFA) concentrations in the colon, as well as the weight of the liver, kidney, heart, and thyroid, were recorded. The main differences between BRC and YRC were found in higher content of fat and protein, lower amounts of fibre and glucosinolates (Gls), and higher ATTD of fibre in YRC. Protein and AA SID, ATTD of nutrients, total SCFA colonic concentration, and growth performance did not significantly differ. The chemical composition of the three YRC was not uniform, the greatest differences were found among the amounts of Gls. The relative weights of the thyroid and heart were greater in pigs fed BRC than in YRC and SBM diets. Thyroid weight was positively correlated with dietary progoitrin, alkenyl Gls, and total Gls, whereas heart weight was positively correlated with progoitrin and alkenyl Gls. It was concluded that winter yellow-seeded rapeseed is a better raw material for cold-pressing than brown-seeded due to having lower Gls and fibre content.
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Dairy cattle feeding and nutrition
Effect of concentrate feeding strategy on the performance of dairy cows fed total mixed rations
Phosphorus utilization responses of growing-finishing pigs to microbial and wheat phytase on barley based diets
The estimated nutritive value of three common grassland species at three primary growth harvest dates following ensiling and fractionation of press-cake
Association between protein feeding and reproductive efficiency in the dairy cow : specific emphasis on protein feeding in Finland
Microbial status, aerobic stability and fermentation of maize silage sealed with an oxygen barrier film or standard polyethylene film
Wrapped forages for horses
A practical guide to the feeding of organic farm animals : pigs, poultry, cattle, sheep and goats
Recent advances in animal nutrition : [proceedings of the annual Nutrition conference for feed manufacturers, University of Nottingham]. 2001
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
Successful feeding systems for dairy
Feeds and feeding
Chemical and microbiological changes occurring during aerobic exposure of maize silages and their influence on dry matter (DM) intake and preference by goats were evaluated. Eight maize silages differing in DM content, chopping length and compaction pressure were used for the study. After opening, silages were exposed to air for 8 days (d). In 2-d intervals, silage was stored anaerobically for use in preference trials. During the experimental phase, each possible two-way combination of the five silages (d0, d2, d4, d6 and d8) and one standard lucerne hay, was offered as free choice to six goats. Generally, a significant decline occurred in DM intake after 4 d of aerobic exposure. After 8 d, mean decrease in intake was 53% in comparison to the fresh silages. Preference when expressed as DM intake was negatively correlated to silage temperature (as difference to ambient), ethanol and ethyl lactate.
Microbiology of food and animal feeding stuffs : horizontal method for the enumeration of microorganisms, colony-count technique at 30 °C : international standard
World review of animal production
The potential of local shrubbs as feed for livestock and the mineral content of some soils and soil-licks in Central Tanzania : two minor field studies
Silage effluent : problems and solutions : proceedings of a conference and exhibition held at the Staffordshire College of Agriculture 2 February 1988
This paper reviews the production of, and factors affecting the performance of dairy cows, beef cattle and sheep offered silage based diets in Ireland and UK. Digestibility is the most important factor influencing the feed value of grass silage and consequently animal performance. Each 10 g kg-1 increase in digestive organic matter in the dry matter (DOMD) increases milk yield of dairy cows by 0.33 kg d-1, carcass gain of beef cattle by 23.8 g d-1 , carcass gain of finishing lambs by 9.3 g d-1, lamb birth weight by 52.3 g and ewe weight post lambing by 1.3 kg, respectively. Factors influencing feed value of grass silage are discussed including harvest date, wilting, fertilizer management, chop length and use of additives at ensiling. Maize silage increases the performance of cattle and sheep whilst whole crop wheat silage has no beneficial effect. Advances in silage technology, has enabled the ensiling high protein forages, such as red clover, lucerne and kale.
Forage can potentially be food resource for pig feeding in the tropics. The palatability of silages by pigs may be better than that of fresh forage. Foliage silage contains more dry matter than green forage and has a pleasant smell. Thirty commercial pigs (47.0 ± 4.7 kg live weight LW), were used to assess the silage intake capacity of pigs when feeding the legumes Clitoria ternatea, Centrosema brasilianum, Cratylia argentea and the Brachiaria grass hybrid Mulato II. The silages were offered ad libitum as a supplement to a normal balanced diet based on maize and soy bean meal. A crossover design was applied comprising five treatments, Control and the four silage supplements respectively. Daily consumption of dry matter -expressed in g of DMkg-1 metabolic LW- were similar (p>0.05) for diets containing C. argentea, C. ternatea and the Control. Daily consumption of C. brasilianum and Brachiaria was significantly lower (p<0.001). In conclusion, C. argentea and C. ternatea silages have the potential to serve as feed supplement in pig diets.
Biotechnology in the feed industry : proceedings of Alltech's Eighth Annual Symposium
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Poultry feedstuffs : supply, composition, and nutritive value
Advances in nutritional technology 2001 : proceedings of the 1st World Feed Conference, Utrecht, November 7-8
Isotope aided studies on non-protein nitrogen and agro-industrial by-products utilization by ruminants : proceedings of the final research co-ordination meeting on isotope aided studies on non-protein nitrogen and agro-industrial by-products utilization by ruminants with particular reference to developing countries, organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Isotope and Radiation Applications of Atomic Energy for Food and Agricultural Development and held in Vienna from 24 to 26 March 1986.
Nontraditional feed sources for use in swine production
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
Tropical feeds : feed information summaries and nutritive values
The high rates of rumen fermentation, physical breakdown and passage rates from the rumen of legume silages lead to higher intakes than for grass silages of comparable digestibility. Although total tract digestibilities for legume silages and maize silages are often lower than for grass silages, milk yields are usually higher. A further benefit of legumes and maize is the reduced rate of decline in digestibility. Legume silages often lead to a reduction in milk fat concentration and increased levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids, 18:2 n-6 and 18:3 n-3. This latter effect is related to reduced rumen biohydrogenation as a consequence of increased rumen passage rates or the effects of polyphenol oxidase. There is quite a wide range of maturities (300 - 350 g kg-1 DM) that leads to maximum dry matter intakes and milk production from maize silage; milk production is reduced with immature or over-mature maize crops. Forage chop length exerts a number of effects, both in the silo and in the rumen, but effects on rumen function, feed intake and milk production have been inconsistent. The high protein content and high N degradability of most legume silages is associated with a low efficiency of converting dietary N into milk N, with a concomitant increase in urine N. Reducing N intake by inclusion of maize silage in mixtures with legume silages leads to a marked reduction in urine N without loss of production potential. It is predicted, on the basis of their chemical composition and rumen kinetics, that legume silages and maize silages would reduce methane production relative to grass silage, though in vivo measurements are lacking. Extensive fermentation in the silo reduces the amount of fermentable substrate, and reduced methane production in comparison with grass silage where fermentation had been restricted by high levels of acid additive.
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Effects of concentrate level and rapeseed meal supplementation on performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and valuable cuts of Hereford and Charolais bulls offered grass silage-barley-based rations
Trace mineral contents of grass and browses in Tanzania and its implication to ruminant feeding and reproduction
Livestock feeds and feeding
Utilisation of reactive lysine from meat and bone meals of different ash content by growing-finishing pigs
Effects of expanding on the nutritive value of wheat bran in pig diets
Apparent ileal amino acid digestibility and the nutritive value of the triticale cultivars Moreno and Ulrika for growing-finishing pigs
Nutritional value of yellow-seeded winter rapeseed cakes for growing pigs
Feeding whole grain with pelleted diets to growing broiler chickens
Lysine supplementation of barley wet distillers' solids diets for growing-finishing pigs
Biotechnology in the feed industry
Legume seeds and rapeseed press cake as substitutes for soybean meal in sow and piglet feed
Partition of feed nutrient digestion and utilization in the ruminant alimentary tract
The N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded oilseeds were studied using an in vitro enzyme method. The N degradability and N digestibility of canola, linseed and soybean were calculated based on the proportional difference in N remaining after incubation and the initial N content. Heat treatments increased the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean, whereas that of canola was decreased by extrusion. Heat treatments did not decrease the N digestibility of the oilseeds compared to raw samples. The high N digestibility and lower acid detergent insoluble N values of heat treated oilseeds indicated no indigestible complexes were formed. In conclusion, roasting or extrusion can be used to increase the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean to increase the dietary protein availability for digestion in ruminants, but was less effective for canola. The present heat treatments did not damage the protein or affect the N digestibility of the oilseeds.
Proceedings of the XVI International Silage Conference : Hämeenlinna, Finland, 2-4 July 2012
Evaluation of water melons as a source of water, and water melon seeds and acacia pods as a protein supplement for dairy cows in central Tanzania
Horse nutrition and feeding
Effect of dietary crude protein and energy content on nitrogen utilisation, water intake and urinary output in growing pigs
Egg performance, egg quality, and nutrient utilization in laying hens fed diets with different levels of rapeseed expeller cake
The quality of grass samples used for animal feed by combining mycotoxin measures and mycological determination of mycobiota were explored. The samples of the plant material were collected in 2014 in two stages: before the first mowing (May-June) and before the second one (July-August) from the fields of stock-farms located in northwestern part of the Russia. All samples were divided into three types: grasses, mixture of different grasses and clover, alfalfa mixed with timothy. The occurrence of aflatoxin B1, alternariol, citrinin, cyclopiazonic acid, deoxynivalenol, diacetoxyscirpenol, emodin, ergot alkaloids, fumonisins, mycophenolic acid, ochratoxin A, PR-toxin, roridin A, sterigmatocystin, T-2 toxin, and zearalenone were determined using ELISA. The multiple fungal and mycotoxin contaminations are already formed in plant tissues by the moment of first mowing. The complexes of mycotoxins including up to 14-16 components and the combined character of plant contamination quite correspond to the taxonomic variety of mycobiota.
Nutrition of the chicken
Proceedings of the 5th Nordic Feed Science Conference, Uppsala, Sweden 10-11 June 2014
Tactical decisions of concentrate level, slaughter age and carcass weight of bulls of five beef breeds under Norwegian conditions
International feed descriptions, international feed names, and country feed names
Microbial protein synthesis, digestion and lactation responses of cows to grass or grass-red clover silage diet supplemented with barley or oats
Effects of lignosulphonates on poultry when used as a binder in compunded feed
The possibility of replacing soybean meal with mixtures of rapeseed press cake (RPC) and legume seeds in sow and piglet diets was evaluated in an experiment on 30 sows and their progeny. Group I (control) received standard feed mixture containing soybean meal as the main protein source, group II - RPC mixed with fodder pea, group III - field bean, group IV - blue lupine, group V - yellow lupine. Weaned piglets received mixtures containing RPC and legume mixtures. Considerable differences were found in amino acid composition of proteins. Differences in the apparent digestibility of essential nutrients were statistically insignificant. Sows fed with field bean and yellow lupine gave birth to heaviest piglets. After weaning piglets receiving field bean were characterized by the best weight gains. It is concluded that mixing rapeseed cake with legume seeds allows for the complete replacement of soybean meal in sow diets and for partial replacement in piglet diets.
Manual on the application of the HACCP system in mycotoxin prevention and control
Comparison of part-time grazing and indoor silage feeding on milk production
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Evaluation of reed canary grass for different end-uses and in breeding
Lucerne and two maize crops were ensiled with and without Lactobacillus plantarum and fermented for 4 or 60 d to assess the effect of inoculant on in vitro rumen fermentation of the resulting silages. Water and 80% ethanol extracts of the silages were also analysed for effects on in vitro rumen fermentation. The inoculant affected lucerne silage characteristics but had little effect on the maize silages. In vitro fermentation of the silages showed few effects except increased microbial biomass yield (MBY) at 24 h in the inoculant-treated lucerne silages. In vitro fermentation of the lucerne silage water extracts produced no differences due to treatment except for reduced MBY in the inoculant-treated extracts. The ethanol extracts produced results inconsistent with the in vitro results of the silages. Consequently it appears that the factor in in vitro fermentation of inoculated silages causing increased MBY was in neither the water nor ethanol extracts.
Replacing grass silage with pea-barley intercrop silage in the feeding of the dairy cow
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Report of the FAO Workshop on the on-farm feeding and feed management in aquaculture : Manila, the Philippines, 13-15 September 2010.
Pesticide residues : submission and evaluation of pesticide residues data for the estimation of maximum residue levels in food and feed
Bacteriological quality of mink feed and its effect on the health of mink, as monitored by some clinical and blood parameters
Toxic constituents of animal foodstuffs
The aim of this paper is to present the method and tool for optimisation of beef-fattening diets. Changes in policy environment and changes in costs of feed pose challenges for farm efficiency. We construct a spreadsheet from two modules based on mathematical deterministic programming techniques. In order to obtain an estimate of the magnitude of costs that may be incurred, the first module utilizes a linear program for least-cost ration formulation. The resulting value is then targeted as a cost goal in the second module. This is supported by weighted goal programming with a penalty function system. The approach presented here is an example of how a combination of mathematical programming techniques might be applied to prepare a user-friendly tool for "optimal" ration formulations. We report results that confirm this approach as useful, since one is able to formulate a least-cost ration without risking a decrease in the ration's nutritive value or affecting the balance between nutrients.
Straw for fuel, feed and fertiliser
Feedstuff evaluation
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Digestion capasity, nutrient digestibilities and physico-chemical conditions in the intestine influenced by the age of growing turkeys
Ensiled rolled barley grain to cattle : from harvest to milk and beef
Determination of ruminal feed digestibility and microbial synthesis based on digesta sampling from the omasal canal
Sugarcane as feed : proceedings of an FAO expert consultation held in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic from 7-11 July 1986
Nonconventional feedstuffs in the nutrition of farm animals
Utilization of agricultural by-products as livestock feeds in Africa : proceedings of a workshop held at Ryall's Hotel, Blantyre, Malawi, September 1986
Efficiency of microbial phytases on phosphorus utilization in growing-finishing pigs
Fungal species and multiple mycotoxin contamination of cultivated forage crops
Voluntary feed intake in pigs
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Probiotics in animal nutrition : production, impact and regulation
Good practices for the feed industry : implementing the Codex Alimentarius Code of Practice on Good Animal Feeding
Moulds and yeasts : determination in food and feed
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Equine nutrition and feeding
Forage management in the North
Microbiology of food and animal feeding stuffs : horizontal method for the enumeration of β-glucuronidase-positive Escherichia coli. Part 2, Colony-count technique at 44°C using 5-bromo-4-chloro-3-indolyl β-D-glucuronide : international standard
Sammendrag: Årsaker til variert teknisk pelletkvalitet : implikasjoner for produksjonsprosessen og transport av varen.
Annual and seasonal changes in mineral contents (Ca, Mg, P, K and Na) of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
The objective of the present study was to evaluate the potential of pressurized hot water extracted hemicellulose fractions from various wood species as feeds for ruminants. In Experiment 1, the fermentability of several hemicellulose extracts was screened using an in vitro gas production method. The samples were extracted from spruce (Picea abies) including mainly galactoglucomannan (GGM), from birch (Betula pendula) consisting mainly of xylan and from larch (Larix sibirica) consisting mainly of arabinogalactan. The GGM and xylan samples were readily fermented by rumen microbes while arabinogalactan was not. Based on the in vitro study, GGM was chosen for an in vivo digestibility trial using sheep, where it was fed at increasing proportions of diet dry matter (0, 47, 94 and 141 g kg-1) in a Latin Square design. The in vivo organic matter digestibility of GGM was relatively low, 0.58, but PHWE extracted hemicellulose has some potential as a feed for ruminants.
The voluntary intake in growing pigs of four ensiled forage species
The science and practice of pig production
The effect of ammonium ferric hexacyanoferrate on reducing radiocaesium transfer from grass silage to sheep
Nutrient requirements of beef cattle
Animal feed science and technology
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
Fish as feed inputs for aquaculture : practices, sustainability and implications
Multi-step beef ration optimisation : application of linear and weighted goal programming with a penalty function
Recent advances in animal nutrition : 2003
Composition, ileal amino acid digestibility and nutritive value of organically grown legume seeds and conventional rapeseed cakes for pigs
Potentials of forage legumes in farming systems of Sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of a workshop held at ILCA, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia 16-19 September 1985
Biotechnology in the feed industry : proceedings of Alltech's Fifth Annual Symposium
Salmonella enterica in swine feed ingredients : a review and implications for control policies
Genetics, genomics and breeding of forage crops
The objectives of this experiment with Hereford (Hf) and Charolais (Ch) bulls offered grass silage-based diets were to determine the effects on performance, carcass traits and meat quality of the proportion of concentrate in the diet, and the inclusion of rapeseed meal (RSM) in the barley-based concentrate. The two concentrate proportions were 200 and 500 g kg-1 dry matter, fed without or with RSM. The Ch bulls tended to achieve higher gain, produced less fat, had a higher percentage of meat from high-priced joints and had a lower degree of marbling in their meat compared to the Hf bulls. Dry matter and energy intakes, growth performance and carcass conformation improved with increasing concentrate level. Intake parameters and conformation improved more with the Ch bulls than with the Hf bulls as a consequence of increased concentrate allowance. RSM had only limited effects on the performance, carcass traits or meat quality.
Quality assurance for animal feed analysis laboratories
Rearing young ruminants on milk replacers and starter feeds
Hay and forage harvesting
Recent advances in animal nutrition : 2002
Selenium supplementation by addition of sodium selenate with silage additive
Plant breeding and the nutritive value of crop residues : proceedings of a workshop held at ILCA, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 7-10 December 1987
Production of feeds for African catfish Clarias gariepinus using plant proteins
Enterobacteriaceae : determination in foods and feeds
Effects of feed processing on the apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in pig diets containing wheat bran or wheat middlings
Biotechnology in the feed industry : proceedings of Alltech's Seventh Annual Symposium
Effects of gradual replacement of rapeseed cake with linseed cake in a grass silage-based diet for dairy cows
Performance of growing and finishing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation relative to a grass silage-based diet
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Ravintotase : balance sheet for food commodities
Feeding the endurance horse
Effects of winter feeding strategies with alternative feeds on the performance of mature suckler cows and their progeny
Urea-molasses based supplements for multipurpose buffaloes
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
Supply of nutrients and productive responses in dairy cows given diets based on restrictively fermented silage
The objective of the experiment was to study the performance, carcass traits and meat quality of purebred Aberdeen Angus (Ab) and Limousin (Li) bulls and Ab×Li crossbred bulls offered grass silage-grain-based rations and raised to heavy carcass weights. The experiment included eight bulls in all breed groups. The average slaughter age for all breeds was 540 days and the mean carcass weights for the Ab, Ab×Li and Li bulls were 391, 399 and 439 kg, respectively. Significant breed differences in carcass traits and meat quality were observed. The Limousin bulls tended to achieve a higher conformation score, produced less fat and had a higher percentage of valuable cuts compared with the Aberdeen Angus bulls. The crossbred Ab×Li bulls produced better conformed carcasses and a higher share of the rounds compared to the pure Ab bulls which indicate that this type of crossbreeding can enhance beef production under the studied conditions.
Feed mix
Apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in wet wheat protein and soya bean meal for growing pigs
Production and utilization of ensiled forages by beef cattle, dairy cows, pregnant ewes and finishing lambs : a review
Atlas of nutritional data on United States and Canadian feeds
A randomised complete block design was used to study the effects on animal performance of (1) the increasing level of supplementary concentrate with grass silage (GS), and (2) feeding GS and concentrates separately or as a total mixed ration (TMR). A feeding experiment comprised 32 dairy bulls with average initial live weight of 145 kg. The feeding treatments were: (1) GS (660 g kg-1 dry matter intake) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered separately, (2) GS (660) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered as TMR, (3) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered separately, and (4) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered as TMR. During the experiment (398 days) the bulls were fed ad libitum either GS or TMR. The increasing concentrate level increased energy intake, carcass gain and dressing proportion of the bulls but had no effects on carcass conformation or fat score. TMR feeding had no effects on carcass gain, dressing proportion, carcass conformation or fat score but increased dry matter and energy intake compared to the separate feeding.
Silage contains a number of potential hazards to the safety and quality of milk and dairy products. This paper reviews the present knowledge about silage as a source of (1) spores of anaerobic spore-formers (Clostridium species) and aerobic spore-formers (mainly Bacillus and Paenibacillus species), (2) the zoonotic pathogenic bacteria Listeria monocytogenes and Escherichia coli, and (3) mycotoxins. A distinction is made between field-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed during growth of crops in the field, and ensilage-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed after ensiling. The routes of transmission of these hazards from feed to milk, the effect of pasteurization of milk, and reduction strategies are discussed. Aerobic deterioration of silages is a major factor influencing levels of spores of both aerobic and anaerobic spore-formers, L. monocytogenes, and certain mycotoxins.
Feeding value of grass ensiled with absorbents assessed in growing lambs
In practice the only way to determine the bulk density of grass silage is to measure and weigh silage blocks. This study was carried out to compare this variant with four other measuring methods. "Big blocks" are inherently relatively heterogeneous and hence cannot be used for the fast, precise determination of density. "Small blocks" represent density well, but their handling makes them unsuitable for quick sampling. The three measuring methods - " drilling jig", "inclined drilling cylinder" and "vertical drilling cylinder" - gave comparable results. The "inclined drilling cylinder" was identified as the preferred variant on the basis of results and manageability.
Silage extracts used to study the mode of action of silage inoculants in ruminants
Jordbruksverkets foderkontroll 2000 = Feed control by the Swedish Board of Agriculture 2000
Evaluation of straws in ruminant feeding
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Abstract: FINRES-Vet 2001-2005: Finnish veterinary antimicrobial resistance monitoring and  consumption of antimicrobial agents.
