http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3263 hepatotoxins
hepatotoxins
Contributions to risk assessment of microcystins, cyanobacterial toxins : development of immunoanalysis and characterization of microcystin variants
Heritability of heavy metal and persistent organic pollutant levels in collared flycatcher (Ficedula albicollis)
Harmful agents (PCDD/Fs, PCBs, and PBDEs) in Finnish reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus) and moose (Alces alces)
The effects of environmental factors on biomass and microcystin production by the freshwater cyanobacterial genera Microcystis and Anabaena
Anatoxin-a and odorous metabolites in cyanobacteria : molecular detection of the producers
The influence of raw grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) seeds on growth performance and biochemical and haematological parameters in the blood of grower-finisher pigs
Biomarkers of aflatoxin exposure and a dietary intervention : studies in infants and children from Egypt and Guinea and young adults from China
Accumulation of cyanobacterial hepatotoxins and okadaic acid in mussel and fish tissues from the Baltic Sea
Evolution and detection of cyanobacterial hepatotoxin synthetase genes
The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of raw seeds of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) in feed mixtures for grower-finisher pigs on growth performance, and biochemical and haematological parameters in their blood, as well as on the weight of the liver and the kidney. The experiment was performed on 96 grower-finisher pigs of (Polish Landrace × Polish Large White) × Pietrain, weighing from 25 to ca. 100 kg. The pigs were divided into four diet groups. The feed compound of the control group contained extracted soybean meal. In experimental groups soybean meal protein was replaced by raw grass pea seeds in quantities of 50% in grower and/or finisher diet, and 100% in both fattening period. The use of raw grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feeds in finisher diet did not result in lower growth performance in comparison to the control group. However, the fatteners fed grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feedstuffs in both fattening periods revealed the highest feed and energy intake per kg of live weight gain, compared to the group feed grass pea only in the second phase of the fattening period. A higher share of grass pea seeds in the mixture led to weaker growth performance and carcass characteristics. Hypertrophy of kidney and liver was noted in the animals which were fed with raw seeds of grass pea amounting to 100% of protein feeds. Also, hyperactivity of ALAT, ASAT and alkaline phosphatase was observed in the animals' serum. No negative influence of applying raw seeds of grass pea amounting up to 50% of protein feeds in grower and/or finisher periods on the parameters examined was noted.
Disturbances in mitochondrial DNA maintenance in neuromuscular disorders and valproate-induced liver toxicity
2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD)-induced accumulation of biliverdin and hepatic peliosis in rats
The cytochrome P450 system in fish : immunochemical approaches to studies of cellular localization and induction by xenobiotics
Liquid chromatography - mass spectrometry in distribution and bioaccumulation studies of toxic cyanopeptides
Clinical toxicology
Lowered cerium toxicity in mice and rats followed by repeated administration of spironolactone, phenobarbital, pregnenolone-16[alfa]-carbonitrile and nafenopin
Microcystins : potent tools to study serine/threonine protein phosphatases and their role in cytoskeletal regulation
