http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3264 poisons
poisons
Sourcebook of bacterial protein toxins
Principles of food toxicology
Airborne mycotoxins in agricultural and indoor environments
Analysis of cyanobacterial hepatotoxins by overpressured layer chromatography
Casarett and Doull's essentials of toxicology
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 6, Cardiovascular toxicology
The subtle beast : snakes, from myth to medicine
Cyanobacteria and their toxins in lichen symbiosis
Plant toxicology
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 9, Hepatic and gastrointestinal toxicology
Detection of cyanobacterial hepatotoxins by TLC
Fate and transport of POPs in the aquatic environment : with focus on contaminated sediments
Chemical reactivities as a mirror of environmental transformations : method development and assessment of some selected organohalogens
"Murder by poison alarmed, enthralled, and in many ways encapsulated the Victorian age. Linda Stratmann's dark and splendid social history reveals the nineteenth century as a gruesome battleground where poisoners went head-to-head with authorities who strove to detect poisons, control their availability, and bring the guilty to justice. She corrects many misconceptions about particular poisons and documents how the evolution of issues such as marital rights and the legal protection of children impacted poisonings. Combining archival research with a novelist's eye, Stratmann charts the era's inexorable rise of poison cases both shocking and sad"--
Venomous animals and their venoms. Vol. 2, Venomous vertebrates
Health effects of toxic substances
Visual detection of cyanobacterial hepatotoxins by thin-layer chromatography and application to water analysis
Novel neurotrophic treatments in rats and toxin sensitivity of genetically modified mice in the unilateral 6 OHDA model of Parkinson's disease
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 10, Reproductive and endocrine toxicology
210Po and 210Pb in the arctic food chain and the natural radiation exposure of lapps
Xenobiosis : food, drugs and poisons in the human body
Trends and exposure of naturally produced brominated substances in Baltic biota : with focus on OH-PBDEs, MeO-PBDEs and PBDDs
Molecular and biochemical toxicology
Larvicidal microcystin toxins of cyanobacteria affect midgut epithelial cells of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes
Venomous animals and their venoms. Vol. 1, Venomous vertebrates
Toxicology for non-toxicologists
Casarett and Doull's toxicology : the basic science of poisons. Companion handbook
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
Effects of organic material on the bioavailability, toxicokinetics and toxicity of xenobiotics in freshwater organisms
Toxicological aspects of food
Biochemistry of some foodborne microbial toxins : papers presented at the Symposium on Microbial Toxins held at the meeting of the American Chemical Society, New York, September 12, 1966
Seafood Safety
Abstract (s. iv).
The influence of raw grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) seeds on growth performance and biochemical and haematological parameters in the blood of grower-finisher pigs
A is for arsenic : the poisons of Agatha Christie
Daphnia pulex and exposure to toxic cyanobacteria : population and food chain experiments
The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of raw seeds of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) in feed mixtures for grower-finisher pigs on growth performance, and biochemical and haematological parameters in their blood, as well as on the weight of the liver and the kidney. The experiment was performed on 96 grower-finisher pigs of (Polish Landrace × Polish Large White) × Pietrain, weighing from 25 to ca. 100 kg. The pigs were divided into four diet groups. The feed compound of the control group contained extracted soybean meal. In experimental groups soybean meal protein was replaced by raw grass pea seeds in quantities of 50% in grower and/or finisher diet, and 100% in both fattening period. The use of raw grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feeds in finisher diet did not result in lower growth performance in comparison to the control group. However, the fatteners fed grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feedstuffs in both fattening periods revealed the highest feed and energy intake per kg of live weight gain, compared to the group feed grass pea only in the second phase of the fattening period. A higher share of grass pea seeds in the mixture led to weaker growth performance and carcass characteristics. Hypertrophy of kidney and liver was noted in the animals which were fed with raw seeds of grass pea amounting to 100% of protein feeds. Also, hyperactivity of ALAT, ASAT and alkaline phosphatase was observed in the animals' serum. No negative influence of applying raw seeds of grass pea amounting up to 50% of protein feeds in grower and/or finisher periods on the parameters examined was noted.
At the world's end
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 13, Indexes
Moon's artifice
Toxicity of retene and pyrene on fish at different light conditions
Assessment of environmental pollutants in humans from four continents : exposure levels in Slovakia, Guinea-Bissau, Nicaragua and Bangladesh
Joint International Symposium on Environmental Consequences of Hazardous Waste Disposal : proceedings, May 27-31, 1991 Stockholm, Sweden. Vol. 1-2
Mode of action of antifungal agents
The mycotoxin blue book
Identification of brominated organic compounds in aquatic biota and exploration of bromine isotope analysis for source apportionment
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 3, Biotransformation
Does dissolved organic matter matter? : implications for bioavailability of organic chemicals
Casarett and Doull's toxicology : the basic science of poisons
Organohalogen contaminants in Greenland shark (Somniosus microcephalus)
Wicked plants : the weed that killed Lincoln’s mother & other botanical atrocities
The role of sorption in the ecological risk assessment of xenobiotics
Bats stab! : translators' (in)visibility in language-play translations The Poisonwood Bible and its Finnish, Swedish and French tranlations
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 8, Toxicology of the respiratory system
Venom : poisonous creatures in the natural world
The inheritor's powder : a cautionary tale of poison, betrayal and greed
Comparative ethnographical studies. 9, Origin of the Indian civilizations in South America
The affair of the poisons : murder, infanticide and satanism at the court of Louis XIV
Mixture toxicity : linking approaches from ecological and human toxicology / edited by Cornelis A. M. van Gestel ... [et al.]
Reproductive and Developmental Toxicology
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 5, Toxicology of the immune system
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 12, Chemical carcinogens and anticarcinogens
Animal toxins : a collection of papers presented at the First International Symposium on Animal Toxins : Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.A., April 9-11, 1966
Foodborne disease handbook 3: plant toxicants. Volume 3, Plant toxicants
Handbook of developmental toxicology
Body toxic : how the hazardous chemistry of everyday things threatens our health and well-being
Transboundary movements and disposal of hazardous wastes in international law : basic documents
Anti-fouling systems : International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001 (AFS 2001) and guidelines for survey and certification of anti-fouling systems on ships (resolution MEPC.102(48))
Environmental toxicology : organic pollutants
Some structural and functional aspects of presynaptic neurotoxins from elapid snakes
Foodborne microorganisms and their toxins : developing methodology
Guide to the Finnish legislation on toxic chemicals
Toxicity of the blue-green alga Oscillatoria agardhii to the mosquito Aedes aegypti and the shrimp Artemia salina
Polychlorinated biphenyls in diseased lesser black-backed gull (Larus fuscus fuscus) chicks from the Gulf of Finland
Life history responses of Daphnia to toxic cyanobacteria
Levels of organohalogen compounds in white-tailed sea eagles (Haliaeetus albicilla) in relation to reproduction impairment in the Bothnian Sea
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 2, Toxicological testing and evaluation
Toxins and exocytosis
Influence of species, sex, age and food on the accumulation of toxic cadmium and some essential metals in Auchenorrhychous Homoptera
Brominated flame retardants and perfluoroalkyl acids in Swedish indoor microenvironments : implications for human exposure
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 4, Toxicology of the hematopoietic system
Antimicrobial and cytotoxic properties of temporin A and its analogues
Is it safe to eat? : enjoy eating and minimize food risks
Retrospective Study of Effects of Air Pollution on Human Health
Arsenic exposure and health effects : proceedings of the Third International Conference on Arsenic Exposure and Health Effects, July 12-15 1998, San Diego, California
Multiple stress in Pisidium amnicum (Bivalvia) : interactions of toxic chemicals, seasonal temperatures and trematode parasites
Time-dependent bioavailability and toxicity of non-ionic pesticides in soil
The pharaoh's secret
Clarke's analysis of drugs and poisons : in pharmaceuticals, body fluids and postmortem material. Vol. 1
Handbook of poisonous and injurious plants
The crime of poison in the Middle Ages
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 7, Renal toxicology
Measurement of antibacterial activities of T-2 toxin, deoxynivalenol, ochratoxin A, aflatoxin B1 and fumonisin B1 using microtitration tray-based turbidimetric techniques
Principles and methods of toxicology
Sources, emissions, and occurrence of chlorinated paraffins in Stockholm, Sweden
Introduction to toxicology
Nordic seminar on phenylhydrazines in the cultivated mushroom (Agaricus bisporus)
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 9. vuositapaaminen : The Future of Pharma, 19.-21.8.2015 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) 9th Annual Meeting : The Future of Pharma, August 19.-21.2015
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 11, Nervous system and behavioral toxicology
The poison paradox : chemicals as friends and foes
Transfer and toxicity of some drugs and chemicals in the olfactory mucosa and bulb
Principles of environmental toxicology
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 8. vuositapaaminen Helsingissä 26.-27.8.2014 = 8th Annual FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) Meeting at the University of Helsinki, August 26-27, 2014.
A comprehensive guide to the hazardous properties of chemical substances
Essentials of toxic chemical risk : science and society
Hormonally active agents in the environment
An investigation of the Nodularin-R concentrations in the muscle and liver samples of flounder (Platichthys flesus) and roach (Rutilus rutilus) from the Western Gulf of Finland in 2007
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons : evaluation of sources and effects
The scientific basis of tobacco product regulation : second report of a WHO study group
Ecological effects of wastewater : applied limnology and pollutant effects
Dreamsnake
Bibliography of animal venoms
From poison arrows to Prozac : how deadly toxins changed our lives forever
Biotransformation and endocrine disruptive effects of contaminants in ringed seals : implications for monitoring and risk assessment
Advances in food and nutrition research : volume 54
Toxics A to Z : a guide everyday pollution hazards
The secret poisoner : a century of murder
Temperature and toxicology : an integrative, comparative, and environmental approach
Clinical toxicology
Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are ubiquitous and bioaccumulative man-made chemicals, resistant to chemical, biological and photolytic degradation and widely distributed to sediments, wildlife, and human. Many of these chemicals have adverse effects on a variety of targets, including the endocrine system, organogenesis and reproduction. Due to these effects and wide distribution, many of them are either banned or strictly controlled. However, because of persistency, they continue to interact with organisms globally.Despite the existing knowledge of the adverse effects of POPs, the effects of many chemicals on bone tissue are still poorly known. In the present study, we investigated the adverse effects of three common POPs, including tributyltin (TBT), 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) on the skeletal system. In vitro models were used to study the effects of PFOA in mouse and in human, and the co-effects of TBT and TCDD on differentiating osteoblasts and osteoclasts of mice. An in vivo model for mice was used to study the developmental effects of maternal PFOA-exposure on pups among with morphometrical and biomechanical property analyses. Mass-spectrometry was used to study the presence of PFOA in bones both in mice and in human, the latter acquired from the bone bank held in the Oulu University Hospital, Finland. The bones were also analyzed with cone beam computer tomography and microcomputer tomography.The results show that PFOA exposure in utero and during lactation leads to the accumulation of PFOA in bone, traceable even 17 months after exposure. PFOA exposure decreased the mineral density of the tibias and increased the medullary area. Nearly all of the human samples contained PFAS, including PFOA. PFOA also disturbed the differentiation of osteoblasts and with lower doses, increased bone resorption of osteoclasts both in mouse and human, the phenomenon being slightly stronger in mice. Co-exposure to TBT and TCDD led to decreased differentiation of osteoblasts and osteoclast, and the co-effect was partially synergistic in osteoblasts.These results show disruption of bone development, bone cell differentiation, and PFAS accumulation in bone. Further studies are recommended to evaluate the co-effects of different POPs and the possible effects of long-term accumulation of POPs in bone and other tissues.
Venomous animals and their venoms. Vol. 3, Venomous invertebrates
Bone as a target for persistent organic pollutants
A very expensive poison : the definitive story of the murder of Litvinenko and Russia's war with the West
Comprehensive toxicology. Vol. 1, General principles
Biochemical studies of fasciculin and its interaction with cholinesterases
Detection methods for cyanobacterial toxins
Environmental contaminant reference databook. Vol. 2
Mercury and arsenic wastes : removal, recovery, treatment and disposal
Poisonous plants : global research and solutions
The detoxification and natural degradation of chemical warfare agents
Occupational exposure limits for airborne toxic substances : values of selected countries prepared from the ILO-CIS data base of exposure limits
Synthesis of single and mixed metal oxides for VOCs oxidation
Quantification and confirmation of trichothecenes by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry-selected ion monitoring
Microcystins : potent tools to study serine/threonine protein phosphatases and their role in cytoskeletal regulation
Cyanobacterial hepatotoxins : structure and analysis
Swedish summary.
The effects of environmental factors on biomass and microcystin production by the freshwater cyanobacterial genera Microcystis and Anabaena
Anatoxin-a and odorous metabolites in cyanobacteria : molecular detection of the producers
Exposed : toxic chemistry of everyday products and what's at stake for american power
TCDD-induced changes in liver lipids of Long-Evans rat
Biocides in papermaking chemistry
A new flash method for measuring the toxicity of solid and colored samples
Dumped chemical weapons in the sea : options : a synopsis
Behavioral toxicology
Toxicants in aqueous ecosystems : a guide for the analytical and environmental chemist
Screening for cyanobacterial toxins in bloom and strain samples by thin layer chromatography
Poison : sinister species with deadly consequences
Air toxics: biomarkers in environmental applications : April 27-28, 1995, Houston, Texas / organized by Andrij Holian ; Conference on Beryllium-related Diseases : November 8-10, 1994, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina / organized by C. W. Jameson ... [et al.] ; The Second NIEHS Predictive-toxicology Evaluation Experiment : 30 chemical carcinogenicity bioassays / initiated and organized by Joseph T. Wachsman ... [et al.]
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials
Structure and function of the presynaptically neurotoxic phospholipase A[sub 2] from the Australian tiger snake Notechis scutatus scutatus
The killer of Socrates exposed : coniine in the plant kingdom
PAHs: comparative biotransformation and trophic transfer of their metabolites in the aquatic environment : fate of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in aquatic experiments
Biomarkers - regulatory and toxicological perspectives
Fish physiology. 3, Reproduction and growth : bioluminesce, pigments and poisons
Toxic and nutrient compounds in sediments studied by lake monitoring
Bioactive compounds in foods
Scary and sneaky
Metabolism of vinyltoluene : formation of electrophilic intermediates and their detoxification
"In these pages, French medievalist Franck Collard examines the perception of the crime of poisoning in the West from about 500 to 1500. His primary sources of information are chronicles that cover the entire medieval period and legal texts that are limited to the late medieval centuries. In order to portray the "culture" of murder by poisoning in the West, he takes into account Byzantine and Islamic documents, as well as ancient texts such as the Scriptures and the writings of Roman historians, both of which were widely known in the Middle Ages." "The resulting volume is concerned with the criminal actions that involve poison and not poison as such. Poisonous substances as such are described only when necessary for an understanding of a crime. What is important here is an examination of the ways the alleged crime was perceived in contemporary minds. Poisoning avoids the use of violence. It was committed without a drawn weapon or bloodshed in a world in which wounds, swords, knives, and clubs represented aggression and in which the flow of blood determined the gravity of the crime. Necessarily involving preparation and secrecy, it was often perpetrated treacherously during a meal, a particularly heinous act in a universe that was united by the companionship of a meal and the sociability of drinking. The special horror associated with poisoning resulted from the treachery of those close to the victim - and a sudden death that prevented a final confession of sins."--BOOK JACKET.
It's legal but it ain't right : harmful social consequences of legal industries
Caz has been living in the department store since the day the Blue Star came and killed everyone who breathed in its toxic snow. She can't do so much as look outside. But life in the store is getting dangerous and so Caz decides to take her chances in the world outside, with only Will for company. What will she find in the bleak landscape? And is there even anything to find / WorldCat.
Chemical consequences : environmental mutagens, scientist activism, and the rise of genetic toxicology
Clinical toxicology : principles and mechanisms
The elements of murder : [a history of poison]
Clarke's analysis of drugs and poisons : in pharmaceuticals, body fluids and postmortem material. Vol. 2
Foodborne disease handbook 4: seafood and environmental toxins. Volume 4, Seafood and environmental toxins
