http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3279 aviation
aviation
Encyclopedia of aircraft : over 3000 military and civil aircraft from the Wright flyer to the stealth bomber
Pioneers of aviation
British Airways – Iberia: Environmental Friendly Synergies
Flying the weather
Mayday! : a history of flight through its martyrs, oddballs, and daredevils
Historic naval aircraft : from the pages of Naval history magazine
Jet aeroacoustics
Human factors in aviation
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation : Aircraft A-Z. 3, Cur-Ha (Curtiss - Hawker Siddeley)
Avionics for the pilot : an introduction to navigational and radio systems for aircraft
14,000 miles through the air
Handbook of adhesives and sealants
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation : Aircraft A-Z. 4, He-Nor (Heinkel - Norman Thompson)
Flight : 100 years of aviation
ICAO journal : official magazine of international civil aviation
Operator/manufaturer scheduled maintenance development
INS reference chart - ICAO. Helsinki Aerodrome
Tactical pilotage chart. 100-2C, Finland, Sweden, USSR
Microlighting : affordable aviation
Visibility unlimited : an introduction to the science of weather and the art of practical flying
Drones : what everyone needs to know
Introduction to avionics systems
Aircrew equipment development process for military aviation
Landing chart - ICAO. Mariehamn Aerodrome
Introduction to flight
Reach for the skies : ballooning, birdmen & blasting into space
Aircraft engine controls : design, system analysis, and health monitoring
The story of flight  : thedevelopment of aviation through the ages
Song of the sky
A picture history of flight
The golden age of aviation
The Smithsonian book of flight
Lentopaikkahakemisto = Aerodrome directory
The rocket man, and other extraordinary characters in the history of flight
Suomen ilmailumuseon lentokoneet = The Finnish Aviation Museum's aircraft = Samolety muzeja aviacii Finljandii
The projects of Skunk Works : 75 years of Lockheed Martin's advanced development programs
Taking to the air : a brief history of Civil Aviation administration in Finland
Aviation : the world's aircraft A - Z
Radio navigation for pilots
Small rings in a long chain : The role of air traffic controllers in reducing the environmental impacts of aviation
The helicopter : an illustrated history of rotary-winged aircraft
Analysis of regulatory guidance for health monitoring
Flying : the golden years : a pictorial anthology
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Mariehamn Aerodrome : ILS 21 - NDB 21
Helicopter instructor's handbook
Jane's avionics. 2010-2011
Fantastic flying machines
Ballet shoes : a story of three children on the stage
The world's classic aircraft
Aviation security management / Volume 2. elements of aviation security management
Possibilities to Operational Use of Remotely Piloted Aircrafts in Finland : Miehittämättömien ilma-alusjärjestelmien operatiivisen käytön mahdollistaminen Suomessa
Tactical pilotage chart. 100-2C, Finland,  Sweden, USSR
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Joroinen Aerodrome ; Landing chart - ICAO
Visual approach chart - ICAO. Jyväskylä Aerodrome ; Landing chart - ICAO
Concorde : the rise and fall of the supersonic airliner
High-flying women : a world history of female pilots
Aviation English : for ICAO compliance
Aviation English : for ICAO compliance : teacher's book
Tactical pilotage chart. D-3AG, Finland, USSR
50 aircraft that changed the world
Tactical pilotage chart. D-3D, Finland, USSR
Basic helicopter aerodynamics : an account of first principles in the fluid mechanics and flight dynamics of the single rotor helicopter
Tactical pilotage chart. D-3A, Finland, USSR
The Concorde story
A century of flight
Pilot reliability : reliability of human components in technical systems discussed as a function of workload, provocations and individual differences
The air pilot's manual. Volume 1 : Flying training
Bombers : patrol and transport aircraft 1939-45
In the cockpit : flying the world's great aircraft
English for aviation
Flight : the complete history
Siviili-ilmailun tilastoja 1980-1995 = Statistics of Finnish civil aviation 1980-1995
The global commercial aviation industry
The pathfinders
Intercultural communication difficulties and their effects on flight safety
Chronicle of aviation
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Ivalo Aerodrome ; Landing chart - ICAO
The world of aviation
Air France
The airplane : a history of its technology
Trade in services and imperfect competition : application to international aviation
Airplanes : the life story of a technology
Developing of aircraft de-icing operations at helsinki airport
Aircraft year book. 1929
The airline revolution : economic analysis of airline performance and public policy
Interpretive history of flight : a survey of the history and development of aeronautics with particular reference to contemporary influences and conditions
The Projects of Skunk Works examines 75 years of Lockheed Martin's advanced development programs, from jet fighters to missiles, heavy-lift helicopters, a lighter-than-air ship, drones, and a stealth boat / WorldCat.
The Wright brothers
Meteorology for glider pilots
Certification considerations for highly-integrated or complex aircraft systems
Aviation classics : e-lehti
Aerodrome chart - ICAO : AIP Suomi/Finland. Kajaani Airport
Finnair competitive advantage through environmental responsibility
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation : Aircraft A-Z. 5, Nor-Zl (North American - Zlin)
Aircraft year book. 1939
Civil aviation carbon dioxide emissions in China
The helicopter pilot's manual. Volume 1 : Principles of flight and helicopter handling
The helicopter pilot's companion : a manual for helicopter enthusiasts
Suomi - Finland : Aeronautical chart
Aviation century : the golden age
Criteria Selection for International Aviation Passengers : Case: Regular Flights between two Nordic Countries
Civil airliner recognition
Aircraft structures for engineering students
Aircraft : an all colour story of modern flight
Flight : A poster book
Splash one : the story of Jet Combat
Aviation security management / Volume 3. perspectives on aviation security management
Flight : a photographic history of aviation
The story of flight : Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum
Legends of flight
Tactical pilotage chart. 100-2B, Finland, Norway, Sweden, USSR
Englantilais-suomalainen ilmailusanakirja (n. 12000 hakusanaa) = English-Finnish aviation dictionary (about 12000 main words)
ABCs of safe flying
The helicopter pilot's manual. Volume 2 : Powerplants, instruments and hydraulics
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation : Aircraft A-Z. 2, Ap-Cu (Apollo - Cunningham-Hall)
Flying
Skyfaring : a journey with a pilot
Aircraft
In the air
Aircraft, aircraft. John W.R. Taylor
The world's great attack aircraft
A century of triumph : the history of aviation
Siviili-ilmailun tilastoja 1980-1996 = Statistics of Finnish civil aviation 1980-1996
Goliath
The race
Developing of aircraft de-icing operations at Helsinki airport
Sääpalvelualueet = Areas for weather service
Milestones of the first century of flight
Skyleaders : DC-1 through DC-7 : The Douglas propliners
Valuation of rotable spare parts
The mighty eighth : A history of the units, men and machines of the US 8th air force
The infinite air : a novel about the enigmatic Jean Batten
Airlines of the Jet Age : a history
At the controls : the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum book of cockpits
VFR traffic chart Helsinki
Graf Zeppelin : the adventures of an aerial globetrotter
This fully revised edition ofThe Concorde Story, published to coincide with the anniversary of the aircraft's first landing at Heathrow, is a complete history of Concorde. When commercial air services were launched in 1976, Concorde was hailed as one of the wonders of the technological world.
The big book of flight
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Mikkeli Aerodrome ; Landing chart - ICAO
Aviation disasters
Aviation : The Pioneer Years
The global airline industry
Behemoth
Air international. 1981, Volume twenty : January-June
Radio speech communication and workload in military aviation:a human factors perspective
"This book provides a state-of-the-art overview of the changes and development of the civil international aircraft/aviation industry. It offers a fully up-to-date account of the international developments and structure in the aircraft and aviation industries from a number of perspectives, which include economic, geographical, political and technological points of view. The aircraft industry is characterized by very complex, high technology products produced in relatively small quantities. The high-technology requirements necessitate a high level of R&D. In no other industry is it more of inter-dependence and cross-fertilisation of advanced technology. Consequently, most of the world's large aircraft companies and technology leaders have been located in Europe and North America. During the last few decades many developing countries have tried to build up an internationally competitive aircraft industry. The authors study a number of important issues including the political economy of the aircraft industry, globalization in this industry, innovation, newly industrializing economies and the aircraft industry. This book also explores regional and large aircraft, transformation of the aviation industry in Central and Eastern Europe, including engines, airlines, airports and airline safety. It will be of great value to students and to researchers seeking information on the aircraft industry and its development in different regions"--
Main factors of unsuccessful aviation projects
