http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3286 social work
social work
From theory to practice in social work : the development of social work students' practice
Case management in the human services
Whilst the body has recently assumed greater sociological significance, there has been less engagement in social work and social care on the bodily experience of health, illness and disease. This innovative volume redresses the balance by exploring chronic illness and social work, through the specific lens of autoimmunity, engaging in wider debates around vulnerability, resistance and the lived experience of ongoing ill-health. Moving beyond existing conceptualisations of vulnerability as an issue of mental distress, ageing, child protection and poverty, Price and Walker demonstrate the role that society has to play in actively engaging the physical body, rather than working around and through it. The book focuses on auto-immune conditions such as lupus, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and scleroderma. Conditions like these allow for an exploration of the materiality of illness which exacerbates social and economic vulnerability and may precipitate personal and social crises, requiring a variety of interventions and support. The risks and challenges associated with chronic illness include disruptions to a sense of self and identity, altered relationships and the renegotiation of roles and responsibilities in a variety of relationships in addition to an economic impact, with the potential for disruption to employment status and financial insecurity. This text opens up a range of debates around some of the central concerns of the social work profession, including vulnerability, ill-health, and independence. It will be of interest to scholars and students of social work, nursing, disability studies, medicine and the social sciences.
Social work and child welfare politics: through Nordic lenses
Social work and mental handicap
Social work increasingly finds itself at the frontline of issues pertaining to immigrant and refugee settlement and integration. In this timely book, Kathleen Valtonen provides the first book-length study on the challenges these issues create for the profession.The book draws on a wide range of current research in migration which is not widely available to social workers or included in social work literature. Readers are offered the opportunity to explore the capacity of the profession to play a primary role in the course and outcome of settlement, and to influence the integration and multicultural processes taking place at many levels in our modern societies of settlement.Across societies, social work is fashioning theory and practice for the current era of migration. Social change and the new diversity call for conventional notions of ethics and equity to be revisited. The book fills a gap in the social work literature by providing scholars, practitioners and students with a critical knowledge base that will strengthen their ability to engage with issues of immigration and integration and to open up options for effective practice with growing numbers of immigrant and refugee clients.
Children and young people who sexually abuse others : current developments and practice responses
Social work and migration : immigrant and refugee settlement and integration
Understanding identity of social work in Lithuania
Social workers engagement with the social media
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Social work practice : toward a child, family school, community perspective
Introducing international social work
The field of social work
Essays on postmodernism and social work
Towards practice theory : skills and methods in social assessments
Empirical studies in field instruction
Building the future : social work with children, young people and their families
Social work face to face : clients' and social workers' perceptions of the content and outcomes of their meetings
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Introduction : women's and men's needs as a challenge for gender-sensitive services
Applied research for better practice
Social work & Society : The International  Online-Only Journal
Effective probation practice
Social welfare in Finland
Social work ideals and practice realities
Making links across specialisms : understanding modern social work practice
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Trends in social work 1874-1956 : a history based on the proceedings of the National Conference of Social Work
A systematic literature review on social work considering environmental issues and sustainable development
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
From charity to social work in England and the United States
Taking a strengths-based approach, this book looks at ways practitioners can enhance children's wellbeing by identifying protective factors and positive ways of working with children and their families. Grounded in research yet accessible, the strategies presented will help to encourage positive behaviour and promote emotional and mental wellbeing.
The practice of social work with groups : a systematic approach
The use and abuse of social science
Radical social work and practice
Social work identity as represented in Finnish academic context
British journal of guidance and counselling
Gerontological social work
Developing anti-racist awareness for leaders and participants at Nuoret Kotkat activities
The general method of social work practice
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
Journal of social work
Homosexuality and social work
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Successful project management in social work and social care : managing resources, assessing risks and measuring outcomes
Ends and means in social work : the development and outcome of a case review system for social workers
Integration Cards  : A Tool for Instructors Working with Immigrant Women
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
The foundations of social work practice : a graduate text
Social work education and practice in today's Europe : challenges and the diversity of responses = La formation et l'action dans le travail social pour l'Europe d'aujourd'hui : les défis et la diversité des solutions
Probation practice
Social work and recognition
Teaching social work practice : a programme of exercises and activities towards the practice teaching award
A beginner's guide to evidence based practice in health and social care professions
Social treatment : an introduction to interpersonal helping in social work practice
A handbook for interprofessional practice in the human services : learning to work together
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
Social work in Europe : educating for change
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
Almas’ story : a young muslim refugee girl’s experiences as newcomer in Northern-Finland
Making social citizenship : conceptual practices from the Finnish poor law to professional social work
Art for Empowerment : One-on-one art sessions with dementia patients
Time as a factor in groupwork : time-limited group experiences
Social work practice in the military
Voluntary work
Bridging the islands of society : modeling delinquency prevention through optimization of social support
Concepts and methods of social work
Introduction to social work practice
The holistic perspective to psycho-social work
Social work in the health field : a care perspective
Working in group care : social work and social care in residential and day care settings
The wellbeing of the youth-A literature review of the drug abuse prevention methods and strategies between Finland and Kenya
Health & social care in the community
Leading work with young people
Social work practice under capitalism : a Marxist approach
An introduction to applying social work theories and methods
Social work in extremis : lessons for social work internationally
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Working with older people
Hybrids in temporary institutional care : Children with an immigrant background in municipal temporary institutional care in Greater-Helsinki.
English abstract.
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Management and organisations in social work
”Hope is the last thing to die in life” : mapping out the needs and hopes of dump pickers in Maputo as a part of a process of empowerment
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Evaluation of the Available Means of Support for Integration of 2nd Generation Immigrants : Pasila Community Center
Science and inquiry in social work practice
Community practice : theories and skills for social workers
Doing a literature review in nursing, health and social care
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
The profession of social work : guided by history, led by evidence
European journal of social work : welfare, social services and social action
Case management in human service practice
Social work in the Netherlands : current developments
Postmodernism, religion, and the future of social work
Domestic violence and protecting children : new thinking and approaches
Moninaisuus mielessä!  a guide about meeting diversity of sexual orientation and gender in the field of social work : report of making a product
Careers in social work
In search of lost postmodern - descriptions of school social work expertise in official documents : a rhetorical discourse analytic approach
The Social Workers' Toolbox aims to bring order to the diversity of tools which are so characteristic of social work: assessment tools, practice tools and outcome-measurement tools. The tools described in this Toolbox can be directly put into practice and adapted to the social workers' personalized approach with their individual clients and their environments. The underlying meta-theory for Sustainable Multimethod Social Work is the 'PIE-Empowerment Theory'. This theory defines social work practice in terms of the partnership between social worker and client and is aimed at enhancing quality of life through systematically and sustainably addressing human needs and human rights. The multimethod model promotes the flexible combination of well-written evidence- and practice-based tools. Packed full of useful checklists, the Toolbox is ideal reading for both inexperienced and more practiced social workers. The book provides a solid basis through the use of practical examples. For the more experienced social worker it offers a substantial resource and the means to legitimize a chosen course of action and social work intervention. Schools of social work will be able to use the book as an easily accessible resource for social work assessments, interventions and quality social work management.
Theory and practice of community social work
Social work practice : model and method
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2009 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2009 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2009
Professional decision making in social work
Clinical social work supervision
From philanthropy to social welfare : an American cultural perspective
Teaching international content : Curriculum resources for social work education
PIE manual: person-in-environment system : the PIE classification system for social functioning problems
A valuable reference to help practising researchers not only to understand but also to apply innovative approaches to social work research. Featuring extended case studies of actual research projects, the book provides an overview of a number of central features and qualities of social work research. It incorporates both distinctive methodological features, such as approaches to participatory inquiry, and provides accounts of researcher strategies to address particular challenges, such as carrying out studies with hard to reach populations. This book combines important methodological insights with pragmatic guidance on commonly experienced problems and how these challenges can be overcome. This is a key resource for social work and social care students, social work practitioners and academics engaged in research.
Social work and social policy : an introduction
Community work and social work
”It is a long process and it will take time but it does not mean that it is impossible – it is possible!” : experiences of workers from three projects in prevention of honour-related violence among patriarchal immigrant communities in Finland
Sociology for social workers and probation officers
Empowering Intercultural Dialogue in Child Protection : Co-designing Information Material with Professionals and Immigrants
Research for effective social work practice
Human diversity content is social work education : a collection of course outlines with content on racial, ethnic and cultural diversity
Clinical social work : knowledge and skills
What, exactly, was the Charity Organization Society? Was it a cluster of affluent women imposing their moral propriety on the poor in the early 20th Century? Or was it the first concerted effort to professionalize previously random, subjective allocations of benefits and entitlements? This book will help researchers explore systematically such fascinating questions and debates in social work and social welfare history.   Mastering how to pose historical questions is as essential as finding the answers. This book, from its wide-ranging coverage of historiographic theory to detailed guidelines for conducting oral history and archival research, offers clear and practical research tools: how to design a study, select primary sources, understand the vocabulary of archives, determine useful secondary sources, and analyze them all. The book also features a guide to archives and special collections that details their holdings, access and locations, and research grants - essential knowledge for any researcher.   The thrill of stumbling across unexplored data in the stacks of a library is notorious. Now, this clearly written pocket guide will help established scholars as well as doctoral students get the most out of historical data.
Towards a stronger social dimension of the European Union
Social protection for the informal sector and the informally employed in Vietnam : literature and data review
Motivations Behind Prosocial Behaviour : Why Plan Finland's long-term volunteers participate in the work and how they communicate about it to others.
Case studies in child, adolescent, and family treatment
Social workers’ interpretations of generalist social work in rural areas
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
Abstract: This final project was realised in co-operation with the Ageing Migrants-activity, which functions under The Central Union for the Welfare of the Aged. This is a functional final project, which consists of a handbook for the instructors working with elderly Somalis in Finland with the aim of supporting the empowerment of the clients. The instructor's handbook is designed to be used together with a handbook for elderly Somalis.    The theoretical framework was empowerment through awakening. This report explains how empowerment and the instructor's role together with the product of the final project can help the elderly Somalis to cope in certain everyday situations in Finland. The report explains the process of the handbooks; initial planning, making, testing, evaluating, finalizing, marketing and distributing it as well as future possibilities of the product.    The client's handbook was done according to simplified language principles by using Finnish and Somali. It was desined to be used both with illiterate and literate clients. The instructor's handbook includes the same material as the client's handbook and instructions for implimenting the group sessions.    The results of testing the handbooks showed that the product supports the empowerment of elderly Somalis. Future possibilities would be to translate the handbooks into different languages and to change them to suit different cultures for using the product with other client groups.
Diakonia in context : transformation, reconciliation, empowerment : an LWF contribution to the understanding and practice of diakonia
Multisensory environments in social care : participation and empowerment in sociocultural multisensory work
Radical casework : a theory of practice
Globalisation, global justice and social work
De- and reconstruction in European social work
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
Theory and practice of social case work
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment
Clinical social work
The strengths perspective in social work practice
Summary.
The structural approach to direct practice in social work : a social constructionist perspective
Groupwork
Shaping the new social work
The social workers' toolbox : sustainable multimethod social work
Starting from the heart
Abstract: Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project.
Social work : seeking relevancy in the twenty-first century
The essential social worker : a guide to positive practice
Encyclopedia of social work. 1
Reconstructing social work research : Finnish methodological adaptations
On becoming a manager in social work : a set of papers based on study and managerial experience by: Giles Darvill, Amanda Edwards, Barbara Hearn, Joyce Moseley, Brian Thomson, Bernard Walker, Clare Walker
Evaluating practice : guidelines for the accountable professional
Social work education reporter
Social work in the health field : a care perspective : instructor's manual
Practical social pedagogy : theories, values and tools for working with children and young people
The SAGE handbook of international social work
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Lessons from the past : issues for social work theory
"All together now: exploring the many faces and facets of integrated care" : recent developments in integrated care in Europe and North America, programme and abstracts
Social work research & abstracts
Chronic illness, vulnerability, and social work : autoimmunity and the contemporary disease experience
Increasing Cultural Competence through the Method of Appreciative Inquiry
Families in society : the journal of contemporary social services
The wellbeing of the youth : a literature review of the drug abuse prevention methods and strategies between Finland and Kenya
Spirituality in social work : new directions
Striking out : trade unionism in social work
Social work, research and development
Social work and primary health care
From character building to social treatment : the history of the use of groups in social work
Case scenarios for teaching and learning social work practice
Tackling social exclusion
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
Art for the disabled scheme : a chinese project to enhance limb-disabled students’ social inclusion through charity and art
Social work treatment : interlocking theoretical approaches
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
Working in Finland
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
eCompetence for social work
Social work identity as represented in international academic context
Promoting child and parent wellbeing : how to use evidence- and strengths-based strategies in practice
Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project
The use of social media to improve social work education in remote areas
Compentence in social work practice : a practical guide for professionals
Decolonizing social work
The nature of choice in casework process
Equality and diversity in social work practice
Social work with people of african descent : A bibliography with annotations
Work, welfare & social work practice : a study of theoretical and practice relationships with applications from occupational social work
In this volume, the authors present an overview of the innovative work taking place in relation to domestic violence and child protection. This book looks at new prevention initiatives and how interventions for children exposed to domestic violence have been developed. It shows how services for abusive fathers have evolved and provides discussion and critique of a number of new initiatives in the field of interagency risk assessment. With international perspectives and examples drawn from social care, health care and voluntary sectors, this book brings together established ideas with recent thinking to provide an authoritative summary of current domestic violence and child protection practice. As a valuable source of guidance on how to work safely with children living with domestic violence, this is a key reference for social workers, health professionals and policy makers.
The strong women and wrong men of 'certain cultures' : categorizing 'immigrant men' in the finnish multicultural social work discourse
Practice teaching in social work : a handbook
This wide-ranging text incorporates contributions from a wide variety of professional perspectives, making it a key text in interprofessional training and study across the broad range of social care, health, education and criminal justice.
Social work practice : an introduction
English summary.
Encyclopedia of social work. 2
The diverse impacts of the neoliberal social policies on children's welfare and social work with young people : the Finnish perspective
Innovations in social work research
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
Meeting the challenge : social work education and the community care revolution
Social security incentives, human capital investment and mobility of labor
Grant information for researchers
Skills in neighbourhood work
Qualitative social work
Making social work news
The eco-social approach in social work
Group treatment in social work : an integration of theory and practice
Social casework in the fifties : selected articles, 1951-1960
Historical research
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
