http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3282 poor relief (care)
poor relief (care)
Family duties in the history of poor relief and social legislation in Finland
Strangers and poor people : changing patterns of inclusion and exclusion in Europe and the Mediterranean World from classical antiquity to the present day
English poor law policy
Medicine and the workhouse
No welfare state - but still a social policy
The rights of the poor : an argument against Franciscans
Health care and poor relief in 18th and 19th century northern Europe
The state of the poor
Charity costumes of children, scholars, almsfolk, pensioners
Regulating the poor : the functions of public welfare
Rethinking social welfare : why care for the stranger?
The solidarities of strangers : the English poor laws and the people, 1700-1948
Dickens and the workhouse : Oliver Twist and the London poor
European health and social welfare policies
Poverty : a history
Making social citizenship : conceptual practices from the Finnish poor law to professional social work
An economic history of the English poor law 1750-1850
Venereal disease, hospitals, and the urban poor : London's "foul wards," 1600-1800
The constitution of poverty : toward a genealogy of liberal governance
Poor relief and Protestantism : the evolution of social welfare in sixteenth-century Emden
The English poor laws, 1700-1930
Children bound to labor : the pauper apprentice system in early America
Widely regarded as one of the classics of post-war historical writing, this book shows how central the role of poverty has been throughout the history of Europe. It ranges across the period from the first millennium to the present day, casting a fresh and revealing perspective on the actions of individuals, groups and nations, and on the underlying nature of the greatest social changes the continent has experienced.Professor Geremek shows how the rich and those in authority have always expressed mixed feelings about the poor, oscillating between pity and fear, compassion and revulsion. He examines why this should have been so and discusses the effects it had on private and public actions. Even in the Middle Ages, the author suggests, there was little sentimentality. Then the poor had functions, as the means of securing divine salvation through the giving of alms, and as contractors who would pray for their benefactors.With the economic crises that afflicted Europe in the sixteenth century, mass proverty came to be seen as harmful and destabilizing, and new principles of modern poor relief were formulated to control it. But the scale of poverty was increasing: first through rural change and then through industrial change. If absolute poverty became less evident, the gap between rich and poor had become more manifest. It is here, Professor Geremek shows, that the utopian ideals of socialism were born. Unrest could be contained in state welfare schemes, or it could be manipulated into revolution and the poor once more enslaved - this time in the name of their own interests.
The control of vagrants and the poor in Finland 1850-1885
History of the law of charity, 1532-1827
Making social citizenship : conceptional practices from the Finnish Poor Law to professional social work
Christianity and social service in modern Britain : the disinherited spirit
Beyond charity : Reformation initiatives for the poor
The English poor law, 1531-1782
From reformation to improvement : public welfare in early modern England
Continuity in the poor relief : a short historical overview from the Middle Ages to the Reformation
Shadows of the workhouse
Poverty and charity : Europe, Italy, Venice, 1400-1700
The reformation of charity : the secular and the religious in early modern poor relief
Policing the poor in eighteenth-century France
Bitter bread : the famine in Norrbotten 1867-1868
Poor relief in England and Wales 1601-1834
Piety and charity in late medieval Florence
Health care and poor relief in 18th and 19th century southern Europe
Extract of the last will and testament of John Spieker, : Esqr. late of London deceas'd. Dated 14:th June 1773.
Health care and poor relief in Finland 1700-1900
Poverty in England 1601-1936
Poverty and leadership in the later Roman Empire
Mill and paternalism
Medicine and charity before the welfare state
The rhetoric of reaction : perversity, futility, jeopardy
Many discussions of J. S. Mill's concept of liberty focus too narrowly on On Liberty and fail to acknowledge that his treatment of related issues elsewhere may modify its leading doctrines. Mill and Paternalism demonstrates how a contextual reading suggests that in Principles of Political Economy, and also his writings on Ireland, India and on domestic issues like land reform, Mill proposed a substantially more interventionist account of the state than On Liberty seems to imply. This helps to explain Mill's sympathies for socialism after 1848, as well as his Malthusianism and feminism, which, in conjunction with Harriet Taylor's views, are central to his later discussions of the family and marriage. Feminism, indeed, is shown to provide the answer to the problem which most agitated Mill, overpopulation. Thus Gregory Claeys sheds new lights on many of Mill's overarching preoccupations, including the theory of liberty at the heart of On Liberty.
The reformation of community : social welfare and Calvinist charity in Holland, 1572-1620
On the parish? : the micro-politics of poor relief in rural England c. 1550-1750
Health care and poor relief in protestant Europe, 1500-1700
Unwelcome Americans : living on the margin in early New England
The fading of compulsory labour : the displacement of work by hobbies in the reformatory schools of twentieth-century Finland
Workhouse children
