http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p328 bribery
bribery
Corruption and the destiny of Asia
Specialised anti-corruption institutions : review of models
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Saving Faith
The history of corruption in central governments : L`histoire de la corruption au niveau du pouvoir central
Instances of corruption in South Africa are reported on almost a daily basis - there is no scarcity of scandals that illustrate the depth and pervasiveness of this corruption. In the wake of these scandals, awareness has grown about the economic, social, and political costs of corruption, which South Africa cannot afford. With increasing intolerance of these devastating effects, pressure from citizens and financial markets prove the need for a review of good governance matters. Development Corruption in South Africa examines governance matters with a focus on corruption. This rich empirical body on governance variables and governance performance is a welcome addition to South African government literature. Pillay's approach is unique as it improves the gathering, analysing, and disseminating of new data, which is valuable to various stakeholders. This volume analyses governance from a broad analytical framework and includes an analysis of current problems as well as future problems and their causes. --Provided by publisher.
Sheriff of Nottingham
Prohibition gangsters : the rise and fall of a bad generation
Perspectives on economic crime
Corruption : the alpha and omega of a conflict?
Does the Turkish constitutional reform from 2001 bring Turkey closer to the European Union? : comparing accession partnership, national program and the constitutional amendment
Venality : the sale of offices in eighteenth-century France
Summary assessment and recommendations (s. 15-25).
Summary of assessment and recommendations (s. 15-31).
Executive summary (s. 7-9).
Law and order : Some impacts of introducing a law enforcement mechanism on growth in predatory economies
Russian police reform and new challenges in the fight against crime
Public sector corruption : an international survey of prevention measures
Anti-corruption training programmes in central and eastern Europe : contributions to a joint project of the Network of Institutes and Schools of Public Administration in Central and Eastern Europe (NISPAcee) and the Council of Europe
The case of the deadly butter chicken : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
Fraud prevention and detection : warning signs and the red flag system
Summary (s. 9-13).
Rotten states? : corruption, post-communism, and neoliberalism
Progress in the fight against corruption in Asia and the Pacific : papers presented at the joint ADB-OECD conference on combating corruption in the Asia-Pacific region, Seoul, Korea 11-13 December 2000.
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
Causes of Demand for International Bribery
Honest graft : big money and the American political process
States and illegal practices
Modern bribery law : comparative perspectives
Ethical dilemmas and decisions in criminal justice
Everyday corruption and the state : citizens and public officials in Africa
Fighting corruption in transition economies. Armenia
The Bribery Act 2010 : a practical guide
The bottom billion : why the poorest countries are failing and what can be done about it
Crime, crusades and corruption : prohibitions in the United States, 1900-1987
Informal relations from democratic representation to corruption : case studies from Central and Eastern Europe
Drug politics : dirty mobey and democracies
The appeal
Abstract: Bribery offences.
The Runaway Jury
Oxford handbook of international investment law
The institutional economics of corruption and reform : theory, evidence, and policy
The dirty game : uncovering the scandal at Fifa
Tradition and change in Ghana : an introduction to sociology
Corruption and the secret of law : a legal anthropological perspective
Profit without honor : white-collar crime and the looting of America
Governing the corporation : regulation and corporate governance in the age of scandal and global markets
Essays on corruption
Anti-corruption measures in South Eastern Europe : civil society's involvement
Hit men : Power brokers and fast money inside the music business
Summary (s. 15-18).
Corruption & development aid : confronting the challenges
Corruption and good governance
Preventing corruption : a handbook of anti-corruption techniques for use in international development cooperation
East European faces of law and society : values and practices
The ethical challenge : how to lead with unyielding integrity
Payola in the music industry : a history, 1880-1991
Executive summary (s. 3-15).
White-collar crime research. Old views and future potentials : lectures and papers from a Scandinavian seminar
Integrity and efficiency in sustainable public contracts : balancing corruption concerns in public procurement internationally
Fighting bribery in public procurement in Asia and the Pacific : proceedings of the 7th Regional Seminar on making international anti-corruption standards operational
A culture of corruption : everyday deception and popular discontent in Nigeria
The new institutional economics of corruption
The runaway jury
Corruption and managing the project cycle : the role of corrupt practices in NGO cooperation in Pakistan
The fifth and sixth volumes of the Uncertainties Series deal with the problems of isolated and institutional police corruption in developed and developing countries. Topics include: Historical perspectives on police corruption; The role of the media and politics in police corruption; Corruption in private policing; The "rotten apple" versus the "rotten orchard" theory of police corruption; Corruption and policing in the U.S., Canada, Japan, Finland, Russia, Turkey, and many more.
Washington Babylon
Corruption in Serbia five years later
Capital corruption : the new attack on American democracy
Finding the money : public accountability and service efficiency through fiscal transparency
Election Fraud : Detecting and Deterring Electoral Manipulation
Corruption in British politics, 1895-1930
Knowledge commitment action against corruption in Asia and the Pacific : papers presented at the 5th Regional Anti-corruption Conference of the ADB-OECD Anti-corruption Initiative for Asia and the Pacific, Beijing, People's Republic of China 28-30 September 2005.
Corruption : the enemy within
Summary of assessment and recommendations (s. 15-21).
Whistleblowing : need for harmonization on the European Union level?
Corruption and managing the project cycle : the role of corrupt practices in NGO funding in Pakistan
The dirty game : uncovering the scandal at FIFA
The second woman
EU’s Public Procurement Directives and access to justice in Finland : the challenges of process efficiency and wide sphere of appeal
Corruption and misuse of public office
Cosa nostra : a history of the Sicilian mafia
Bloody harvest : the killing of Falun Gong for their organs
An assessment of the ethical dimensions that impact on corruption
"Trust me! My hands are dirty also" : institutionalized corruption and the competing codes of public and private ethics
The validity of the prohibition in combatting transnational organised crime
Economic gangsters : corruption, violence, and the poverty of nations
The organization of corporate crime : dynamics of antitrust violation
Corporate bodies and guilty minds : the failure of corporate criminal liability
Bribes
Thin on top : why corporate governance matters and how to measure and improve board performance
Sleepless : a novel
The whistleblowers : exposing corruption in government and industry
No longer business as usual : fighting bribery and corruption
Thieves of state : why corruption threatens global security
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
The struggle against corruption : a comparative study
The secret history of the American empire : [the truth about economic hit men, jackals, and how to change the world]
Fighting corruption in transition economies. Ukraine
A culture of corruption? : coping with government in post-communist Europe
Ballot box China : grassroots democracy in the final major one-party state
Finnish companies and the UK Bribery Act 2010 : implications, risks and compliance
Bribery and blat in Russia : negotiating reciprocity from the middle ages to the 1990s
Smoke & Mirrors, Inc. : accounting for capitalism
"The Bribery Act 2010 is the most significant reform of UK bribery law in a century. This critical analysis offers an explanation of the Act, makes comparisons with similar legislation in other jurisdictions and provides a critical commentary, from both a UK and a US perspective, on the collapse of the distinction between public and private sector bribery. Drawing on their academic and practical experience, the contributors also analyse the prospects for enforcement and the difficulties facing lawyers seeking asset recovery following the laundering of the proceeds of bribery. International perspectives are provided via comparisons with the law in Spain, Hong Kong, the USA and Italy, together with broader analysis of the application of the law in relation to EU anti-corruption initiatives, international development and the arms trade"--
International bibliography of economic crime = Internationale Bibliographie zur Wirtschaftskriminalität
The development of organizational crime and its control
Private commercial bribery : a comparison of national and supranational legal structures
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Corrupt exchanges : actors, resources, and mechanisms of political corruption
The social construction of corruption in Europe
Corruption in Bosnia and Herzegovina : a historical tradition, a consequence of transition period, a failure by the international community in post-war institution-building?
Criminal capital : how the finance industry facilitates crime
Corruption in Hungary from the viewpoint of Finnish investors : an empirical study
Arlidge & Parry on fraud
The impact of publicity on corporate offenders
The case of the deadly butter chicken
Organizations as collective subjects
Controlling corruption in Asia and the Pacific : papers presented at the 4th Regional Anti-Corruption Conference of the ADB/OECD Anti-Corruption Initiative for Asia and the Pacific, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 3-5 December 2003
Development corruption in South Africa : governance matters
Fighting corruption in public procurement : a comparative analysis of disqualification or debarment measures
The true story of the Bilderberg Group
The offence of corruption in China : legislation and practise
Different paths to curbing corruption : lessons from Denmark, Finland, Hong Kong, New Zealand and Singapore
Globalised sport : media, money and morals
Friends in High Places
New penal provisions in Sweden on bribery : summary, SOU 2010:38
The patience of the spider
Blackstone's guide to the Bribery Act 2010
The art of the bribe : corruption under Stalin, 1943-1953
Fighting corruption in transition economies. The Kyrgyz Republic
Ship of fools : how stupidity and corruption sank the celtic tiger
Motivating ministers to morality
Summary assessment and recommendations (s. 15-22).
Corruption : control of maladminstration
Fighting bribery : a corporate practices manual
Liquid assets, dangerous gifts : presents and politics at the end of the Middle Ages
The good girl
Police corruption : challenges for developed countries : comparative issues and commissions of inquiry
Trusted criminals : white collar crime in contemporary society
The potential for corruption
Blue book of China's combating corruption and upholding intergrity : annual report on the development of China's combating corruption and upholding intergrity
Strategies for business, government and civil society to fight corruption in Asia and the Pacific : proceedings of the 6th Regional Anti-corruption Conference for Asia and the Pacific, held in Singapore, 26-28 Novemeber 2008, and hosted by the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB) Singapore
Conduct unbecoming : the social construction of police deviance and control
Assessing cultural factors influencing choice of business entry mode in a developing country: Case Biolan Group and Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland in Zambia
The sting man : inside Abscam
Bribes : the intellectual history of a moral idea
Fighting international and national corruption by means of criminal law
Fighting corruption in transition economies. Azerbaijan
Organized crime and corruption : the two largest problems in the world?
Friends in high places
Criminal finances and organising crime in Europe
Corruption in international business : a case study of the Oil-For-Food-Programme in Iraq
A scandalous man
Blood from stones : the secret financial network of terror
Corruption
Business ethics
The best democracy money can buy : an investigative reporter exposes the truth about globalization, corporate cons and high-finance fraudsters
Political corruption : readings in comparative analysis
Fighting corruption in transition economies. Tajikistan
How power corrupts : cognition and democracy in organisations
Hit men : power brokers and fast money inside the music business
Corruption : a glossary of international standars in criminal law
Summary assessment and recommendations (s. 17-22).
Political bribery in Japan
Fighting corruption in transition economies. Georgia
Controlling corruption
Billionaires & ballot bandits : how to steal an election in 9 easy steps
Global corruption : money, power and ethics in the modern world
On the take : how medicine's complicity with big business can endanger your health
Crime and corruption in organizations : why it occurs and what to do about it
The end of communist power : anti-corruption campaigns and legitimation crisis
Saving faith
