http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3298 stepchildren
stepchildren
Starting school is seen as a significant event in childhood not only by parents and teachers, but by children themselves. Although it seems clear that gender identities have been firmly developed in domestic settings, we also know that school has a major influence on further development as evidenced by achievements and choices of subjects in later educational careers. How do children come to negotiate such a social gender identity? Gerard Duveen and Barbara Lloyd examine the beginnings of this process through an investigation of four- and five-year-old children's reconstruction of gender during their first year at school. Their research is informed by the theory of social representations, and their approach combines the psychology of development with that of social gender identities.
Racism, gender identities and young children : social relations in a multi-ethnic, inner-city primary school
The stepmothers diary
This book is a sociological review of stepfamily life, examining the particular issues and challenges which people in stepfamilies face. Combining published studies and original fieldwork, it focuses on the internal dynamics of stepfamily households as well as the relationships sustained with those outside the household.
Child sexual abuse : feminist perspectives
The Spy next door
Rad dad : dispatches from the frontiers of fatherhood
Handbook of cross-cultral human development
The state of the world ́s children 2004 : Girls, education and development
A Nantucket Christmas
Stepdads : stories of love, hope, and repair
Sharp objects : a novel
Alpha girls : understanding the new american girl and how she is changing the world
Shards of glass : children reading and writing beyond gendered identities
Children in the Muslim Middle East
The state of the world's children 2007
Stepfamily therapy : a 10-step clinical approach
When my heart was wicked
Working with street children : gender dimension of intervention and approaches. Case study of outreach program in Dar es Salaam Tanzania
Daughters and sons : experiences of non-sexist childraising
Sex differences in children's play behavior : a biological construction of gender?
The one plus one
Television, sex roles and children : a developmental social psychological account
The forgotten waltz
Genetic determinism and children
The cultural construction of gender and care on the street
Dangerous relationships : pornography, misogyny, and rape
Gender identities and education : the impact of starting school
The stepchild
The parent swap shop
The step-parents' parachute
Gender equity in the early years
Family values : subjects between nature and culture
The international handbook of stepfamilies : policy and practice in legal, research, and clinical environments
Brave new stepfamilies : diverse paths toward stepfamily living
Who are You? : the kid's guide to gender identity
Developments : child, image, nation
Gendercide : the implications of sex selection
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Stepfamily relationships : development, dynamics, and interventions
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Did I mention I love you?
"Today more than ever, fatherhood demands constant improvisation, risk, and struggle. With grace, honesty, and strength, Rad Dad's writers tackle all the issues that other parenting guides are afraid to touch: the brutalities, beauties, and politics of the birth experience, the challenges of parenting on an equal basis with mothers, the tests faced by transgendered and gay fathers, the emotions of sperm donation, and parental confrontations with war, violence, racism, and incarceration. Rad Dad is for every father out in the real world trying to parent in ways that are loving, meaningful, authentic, and ultimately revolutionary."
The developmental course of gender differentiation : conceptualizing, measuring, and evaluating constructs and pathways
Chinese Cinderella : the mystery of the Song dynasty painting
What's the big secret : talking about sex with girls and boys
The development of sex typing in middle childhood
Fortune cookie
Stepparenting : issues in theory, research, and practice
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
The suitcase kid
Why gender matters : what parents and teachers need to know about the emerging science of sex differences
The search for susceptibility genes in lumbar disc degeneration:focus on young individuals
Silent boy
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Sex outlaw : sexuality, subjectivity, and law
The transgender teen : a handbook for parents and professionals supporting transgender and non-binary teens
A Cinderella story : if the shoe fits
The developmental course of gender differentation : conceptualizing, measuring, and evaluating constructs and pathways
Sex-typing and development in an ecological perspective
The making of the modern family
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
Did I mention I miss you?
Social construction of gender in children's worlds : papers from a seminar, January 1994
Childhood identities : self and social relationships in the experience of the child
Young children, videos and computer games : issues for teachers and parents
The virgin suicides
Social issues in developmental psychology
Boys and girls : the development of gender roles
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
The stepmother's diary
Diana E. H. Russell, well-known for her pioneer research on the prevalence of rape and child sexual abuse, the reality of wife rape, the trauma of incestuous abuse, and the misogynist killing of women (femicide), breaks new ground once again in her analysis of pornography and its relationship with misogyny and rape. In this unflinching and uncompromising volume, Diana E. H. Russell examines the relationships between pornography, misogyny, and rape. As the title implies, Russell contends that these relationships are in fact dangerous to women. Dangerous Relationships begins by dealing with the vexing and thorny issue of defining pornography and considers the various types of pornographic materials that are commonly available. Russell turns to the notion that hatred of women is a predominate aspect of pornography and that racist undercurrents are often exploited in visual pornography of all types. She examines the conception of pornography as a cause of rape and provides a rich body of statistical evidence supporting the relationship. Dangerous Relationships argues forcefully that pornography indeed has victims and is a call to arms against the misogyny it engenders. Because pornography is increasingly accessible through the Internet, CD ROMs, digital cameras, and new technology, Dangerous Relationships will be important to scholars in the fields of violence against women, child abuse, interpersonal violence, deviant psychology, sociology, and criminal justice.
A daughter's a daughter : a Mary Westmacott novel
Children at play : learning gender in the early years
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
Adult attachment styles : a person-oriented approach
Blue pills : a positive love story
Fatherhood today : men's changing role in the family
Sex-role opinions as conceptual schemata in 3-12 year old Swedish children
Girls, boys, and junior sexualities : exploring children's gender and sexual relations in the primary school
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Mother-child conversations about gender : understanding the acquisition of essentialist beliefs
Family Values shows how the various contradictions at the heart of Western conceptions of maternity and paternity problematize our relationships with ourselves and with others. Using philosophical texts, psychoanalytic theory, studies in biology and popular culture, Kelly Oliver challenges our traditional concepts of maternity which are associated with nature, and our conceptions of paternity which are embedded in culture. Oliver's intervention calls into question the traditional image of the oppositional relationship between nature and culture, maternal and paternal. Family Values also undercuts recent returns to the rhetoric of a "battle between the sexes" by analyzing the conceptual basis of these descriptions in biological research and the presuppositions of such suggestions in philosophy and psychoanalysis. By developing a reconception of maternity and paternity, Family Values offers hope for peace in the battle of the sexes.
Boys and girls at play : the development of sex roles
Raising boys : why boys are different - and how to help them become happy and well-balanced men
Raising my rainbow : adventures in raising a fabulous, gender creative son
