http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3295 visions (prospects)
visions (prospects)
Biological and machine systems exist within a complex and changing three-dimensional world. We appear to have no difficulty understanding this world, but how do we go about forming a perceptual model of it? Centred around three key themes: depth processing and stereopsis; motion and navigation in 3D; and natural scene perception, this volume explores the latest cutting-edge research into the perception of three dimension environments. It features contributions from top researchers in the field, presenting both biological and computational perspectives. Topics covered include binocular perception; blur and perceived depth; stereoscopic motion in depth; and perceiving and remembering the shape of visual space. This unique book will provide students and researchers with an overview of ongoing research as well as perspectives on future developments in the field. Colour versions of a selection of the figures are available at www.cambridge.org/9781107001756.
Profiles of the future : an inquiry into the limits of the possible
To swallow an elephant : language and images in vision-based management : final project report
The future of fashion is now
Constructing to-morrow's agriculture : report on a cross-national research into alternative futures for European agriculture
Values, visions, missions and corporate strategies in the forest industry's supply chains
Vision : a study of its basis
Embodied interaction choreographies : kinesthetic approach to intelligent environment design
Architecture + art : new visions, new strategies
Computer Vision for Human-Machine Interaction
Fashion futures
Training counselling supervisors : strategies, methods, and techniques
Business strategy: a guide to taking your business forward
Brad Schultz follows the process of news production from the creation of story ideas to presentation on air, in television radio & on the Internet. He also discusses issues facing producers, such as newsroom leadership, resource management & newsroom relationships.
Soft Computing Techniques in Vision Science
This Special Edited Volume is a unique approach towards Computational solution for the upcoming field of study called Vision Science. From a scientific firmament Optics, Ophthalmology, and Optical Science has surpassed an Odyssey of optimizing configurations of Optical systems, Surveillance Cameras and other Nano optical devices with the metaphor of Nano Science and Technology. Still these systems are falling short of its computational aspect to achieve the pinnacle of human vision system. In this edited volume much attention has been given to address the coupling issues Computational Science and Vision Studies.  It is a comprehensive collection of research works addressing various related areas of Vision Science like Visual Perception and Visual system, Cognitive Psychology, Neuroscience, Psychophysics and Ophthalmology, linguistic relativity, color vision etc. This issue carries some latest developments in the form of research articles and presentations. The volume is rich of contents with technical tools for convenient experimentation in Vision Science. There are 18 research papers having significance in an array of application areas. The volume claims to be an effective compendium of computing developments like Frequent Pattern Mining, Genetic Algorithm, Gabor Filter, Support Vector Machine, Region Based Mask Filter, 4D stereo camera systems, Principal Component Analysis etc. The detailed analysis of the papers can immensely benefit to the researchers of this domain. It can be an Endeavour in the pursuit of adding value in the existing stock of knowledge in Vision Science.
Shaping the future : a dynamic process for creating and achieving your company's strategic vision
The LUT 2010 strategy
Transport 2030 : major challenges, new directions
Television playout development towards flexible IT-based solutions
'Counselling Supervision in Context' provides practical information about the unique features of delivering supervision to counsellors of specific types of clients and in specific organisational settings.
What ́s good on TV : understanding ethics through television
Translation of allusions in the animated cartoon The Simpsons
Sounds like a fun party : the use and functions of verbal irony in the situation comedy Friends
This book is a study of the narrative techniques that developed for two very popular forms of fiction in the nineteenth century - ghost stories and detective stories - and the surprising similarities between them in the context of contemporary theories of vision and sight. Srdjan Smajić argues that to understand how writers represented ghost-seers and detectives, the views of contemporary scientists, philosophers, and spiritualists with which these writers engage have to be taken into account: these views raise questions such as whether seeing really is believing, how much of what we 'see' is actually only inferred, and whether there may be other (intuitive or spiritual) ways of seeing that enable us to perceive objects and beings inaccessible to the bodily senses. This book will make a real contribution to the understanding of Victorian science in culture, and of the ways in which literature draws on all kinds of knowledge.
Skycar city : a pre-emptive history
Drawing together contributions and new research from those at the forefront of supervisory practice, this volume answers the question of where responsibility lies within the client-counsellor-supervisor triad.
A conflict of visions : ideological origins of political struggles
Visions of a universal humanity
House and philosophy : everybody lies
Elizabeth Holloway presents a new model of clinical supervision that embraces different theoretical approaches to counselling, moving away from models limited to only one approach. The book emphasizes research-based techniques and principles through boxes that summarize empirical work and define and illustrate key constructs of the model.
Think your way to success : how to develop a winning mindset and achieve amazing results
Departure 2093 : five visions of future flying
Ghost-Seers, Detectives, and Spiritualists : Theories of Vision in Victorian Literature and Science
Interpersonal conflict in television drama : content analysis of the intimate relationships on "Kotikatu"
"In today's 'more for less' culture, the expectations of project management and delivery are no longer limited to budgets, schedules and quality. For projects to make an impact and add lasting value the project manager has to be able to strategize, motivate, network, calculate risk and collaborate effectively with different stakeholders - in other words, project managers must learn how to lead. The Power of Project Leadership will help you transform from project manager into an effective project leader. It explains what good project leadership looks like and shows you how to make the transition by using concrete tools and strategies. With underlying theories to help you understand how teams and individuals are motivated, it will ensure that you lead with vision, continuously improve, work with intent, get closer to your stakeholders, remain authentic and establish a solid foundation for your project. The 7 essential keys to project leadership encompass the complete set of capabilities, skills, attitudes and behaviours that you need in order to become a project leader and break free from past mistakes. The 7 Keys are: 1. Be authentic 2. Lead with vision 3. Improve and innovate 4. Empower the team 5. Get close to your stakeholders 6. Establish a solid foundation 7. Work with intent"--
Futurevision : scenarios for the world in 2040
Taking supervision forward : enquiries and trends in counselling and psychotherapy
'Group Supervision' examines tasks, roles and responsibilities of both the supervisors and supervisees taking part in group supervision in counselling and psychotherapy.
Expanding video business models beyond television : case: Live Stream Finland
Visibility Algorithms in the Plane
The Unpainted Landscape
"Try again, fail better" : detecting the intersectionality of white female protagonist in Weeds
Eyes on you : a novel of suspense
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
Counselling supervision in context
Supervising counsellors : issues of responsibility
The business of leadership : adding lasting value to your organization
This text provides practical guidelines to those in the field of entertainment-education drama who want to sharpen their skills. It contains separate sections for various users - programme managers, writers, producers, directors and actors.
The primacy of vision in Virgil's Aeneid
Finland's Air Transport Strategy 2015-2030
Designing a balanced scorecard for Meri-Lapin Helmi
This revised edition provides a revealing examination of how the format of presenting politics on television has changed the way viewers act, vote, and feel about politics in the United States.
The present study focuses on two important dynamic capabilities in regional innovation systems: visionary capability and innovative capability. Visionary capability is based on the ability to acquire and assimilate future-oriented knowledge, and innovative capability on the ability to transform and exploit the acquired knowledge in the actual innovation processes. In the regional innovation system, innovation processes often take place in heterogeneous multi-actor innovation networks that set special demands for the absorptive capacity of the entire system. The present article sheds light on the aggregate process of generating and using foresight knowledge in regional innovation processes. Experiences gained by resource-based futures research and an "innovation session method" in the Lahti Region in Finland are described in a case study.
The blind giant : being human in a digital world
Object Categorization : Computer and Human Vision Perspectives
Healing jewellery, thought transmitter jewellery & personal space jewellery : imaginary jewellery futures concepts combining technology and bioarts
Strategic management : concepts
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Social work supervision in large part determines the job satisfaction of social workers & thus the quality of the service provided.
Creation of a marketing strategy and balanced scorecard for Case Company Oy
The principal's role in the development and implementation of a school vision
The radiant city : elements of a doctrine of urbanism to be used the basis of our machine-age civilization
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Make way for the superhumans : how the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Supermaterials : inspiring sustainable materials for the concept elevator car of the 2020
Live television : time, space and the broadcast event
Meta-analysis : effects of Sesame Street on children's learning in 15 countries
Government denies knowledge : representations of the United States government in the television series The X-Files
Seducing America : how television charms the modern voter
Towards 2000
Values as tools of management : case: new values of Nordea Bank
Social work supervision : contexts and concepts
The tao of motivation : inspire yourself and others
The balanced scorecard : how it applies to the Polytechinc
Loma-Suomi vuonna 2000 : otteita puheenvuoroista = Holiday Finland in the year 2000.
Envisioning landscapes, making worlds : geography and the humanities
Writing and producing for television and film
CivilWarLand in bad decline : stories and a novella
Building a vision, shaping the future of metals
The drama of leadership
The power of project leadership : 7 keys to help you transform from project manager to project leader
Clinical supervision : a systems approach
Desperately seeking the audience
Information system specialist predispositions
The information welfare society : an assessment of Danish governmental initiatives preparing for the information age
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : Elo - E-Business Logistics technology programme 2002-2005
Status of the arts in Finland in 2018.
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
The concept of Utopia
Practicing mortality : art, philosophy, and contemplative seeing
Training Counselling Supervisors is a guide to encourage trainers in the creative design of their own teaching strategies. It highlights crucial themes, and offers a wide selection of methods for educating supervisors.
Staff members at Sesame Workshop asked us to conduct a meta-analysis of their proprietary evaluation research on the effects of viewing international versions of Sesame Street. We conducted a systematic search of online databases to look for any other relevant studies and ultimately analyzed a sample of 24 studies, conducted with over 10,000 children in 15 countries. This case study describes the process of defining the outer boundaries of the meta-analysis, developing the coding scheme, the challenges of coding the material reliably, the basic structure of the data set and analyses, and the challenges of communicating the results effectively both to academic and lay audiences.
Future prospect : envisioning e-business in 2020
The Sense of Sight in Rabbinic Culture : Jewish Ways of Seeing in Late Antiquity
On the inside track to Loserville, USA : strategies used in translating humour in two Finnish versions of Reality bites
Feature-based Image Interpretation for Lightweight Computer Vision
The future is in knowledge and competence : technology strategy - a review of choices
Television and the public sphere : citizenship, democracy, and the media
Turning vision into action
Interpretative processes of vision - a frame of reference for studying intra-organizational transfer of the organizational vision
A human observer can effortlessly identify visible portions of geometric objects present in the environment. However, computations of visible portions of objects from a viewpoint involving thousands of objects is a time consuming task even for high speed computers. To solve such visibility problems, efficient algorithms have been designed. This book presents some of these visibility algorithms in two dimensions. Specifically, basic algorithms for point visibility, weak visibility, shortest paths, visibility graphs, link paths and visibility queries are all discussed. Several geometric properties are also established through lemmas and theorems. With over 300 figures and hundreds of exercises, this book is ideal for graduate students and researchers in the field of computational geometry.  It will also be useful as a reference for researchers working in algorithms, robotics, computer graphics and geometric graph theory, and some algorithms from the book can be used in a first course in computational geometry.
A look back at how leadership was redefined by management & organisational theory in its quest to become 'science like', & how it must part company with these perspectives in order to reclaim its promise for improving educational leadership.
Born a crime : and other stories
The suprasexual revolution : a radical path to 2012 and beyond
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
Contact Lens Practice
Unearthly
Advances in the field of computer vision are leading to radical changes in the way we interact with computers. At the time of this book's publication in 1998, it would soon be possible to enable a computer linked to a video camera to detect the presence of users, track faces, arms and hands in real time, and analyse expressions and gestures. The implications for interface design are immense and are expected to have major repercussions for all areas where computers are used, from the work place to recreation. This book collects the ideas and algorithms from the world's leading scientists, offering a glimpse of the radical changes that are round the corner and which will change the way we will interact with computers in the near future.
Inspiration and vision
A business and marketing plan for the cleaning company Hardmakers Oy
Contemporary futurist thought : science fiction, future studies, and theories and visions of the future in the last century
'Supervising Psychotherapy' examines the crucial role of supervision in the clinical, professional and personal development of therapists.
Advanced strategic thinking : visionary management
Beginning Kinect Programming with the Microsoft Kinect SDK
Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Defining a European Research Agenda on Information Systems and Management in eMedia Industries : Bled, Slovenia, 9th-13th June 2013
Developing counsellor supervision
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
The work provides an introduction to on-line and audience issues through the study of an Internet soap opera fan group composed largely of women. The author shows that women can build good on-line communities, whilst welcoming male participation.
Microsoft Office Visio 2007 step by step
"Counsels professionals on how to develop creative ideas into productive and profitable ventures, explaining a range of effective and occasionally counterintuitive practices based on moderation, prioritizing and encouraging conflicts."--
The use of vision and vision leadership to assist the implementation of change in a firm : case Tapiola Group
Preparation of a plan for the next five years for Rauma Carpet Oy
Story of modern architecture of the 20th century
Group supervision : a guide to creative practice
Visionary Milton : essays on prophecy and violence
The future of logistics in the Baltic Sea region : a summary of expert writings and the discussion forum on 16 August 2004
Utopia forever : visions of architecture and urbanism
The next decade : empire and republic in a changing world
Visionary cities : the arcology of Paolo Soleri
Dreaming the future : some funky ideas on managing tomorrow's library
A hard day's night : the aftermath of psychological trauma in Grey's Anatomy
Visions of desirable societies
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
Promoting products with fear : positive emotional responses to fear appeals in promotional television advertising
World television : from global to local
Architecture + art : new visions new strategies
In this accessible book, Stephanie Marriott engages in a close and detailed analysis of the nature of live television. She examines the transformations in our experience of time and space which are brought about by the capacity of broadcasting, to bring us the world in the moment in which it is unfolding.
Marketing : relationships, quality, value
Realizing hope : life beyond capitalism
Chaucer from prentice to poet : the metaphor of love in dream visions and Troilus and Criseyde
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
Television Production : Managing the Technology
Our place, my future and their project : reflecting children's lifeworld in education for sustainable development
How to understand the changes and challenges within the television industry in Finland
The art of city-making
The CAMEL rating system in banking supervision. A case study
Europe 2050 : challenges of the future, heritage of the past
New concepts for future rag rugs 2030
The entrepreneur's guide to successful leadership
Representing black Britain : a history of black and Asian images on British television
Vision in 3D Environments
Bringing together key researchers in disciplines ranging from visualization and image processing to applications in structural mechanics, fluid dynamics, elastography, and numerical mathematics, the workshop that generated this edited volume was the third in the successful Dagstuhl series. Its aim, reflected in the quality and relevance of the papers presented, was to foster collaboration and fresh lines of inquiry in the analysis and visualization of tensor fields, which offer a concise model for numerous physical phenomena. Despite their utility, there remains a dearth of methods for studying all but the simplest ones, a shortage the workshops aim to address.   Documenting the latest progress and open research questions in tensor field analysis, the chapters reflect the excitement and inspiration generated  by this latest Dagstuhl workshop, held in July 2009. The topics they address range from applications of the analysis of tensor fields to purer research into their mathematical and analytical properties. They show how cooperation and the sharing of ideas and data between those engaged in pure and applied research can open new vistas in the study of tensor fields.
Theatre on the edge : new visions, new voices
The future for curious people
'Television across Europe' analyzes the factors which have shaped the development of television in the post-war period in Western Europe, and forecasts future issues.
Directing and producing for television : a format approach
Scholars discuss Milton's focus on prophecy and violence and how these themes--which function as a context in Milton's life and as a mode for an extended analysis of Restoration politics in Milton's poetry--add to an understanding of Milton as a visionary, extending the literary discussion of Milton's work into a larger geopolitical area.
This book contains practical suggestions, plus useful appendices, to help practising and trainee supervisors develop and enhance the skills they need to be successful in their work. The authors cover such key areas as creating a supervisory alliance, fostering the supervisory relationship, the use of tape-recording, highlighting supervisees' strengths and weaknesses, and protecting the client and counsellor.
Scanning the future : 20 eminent thinkers on the world of tomorrow
The shape of shit to come
New English words in Scrubs and their Finnish translations
Architectural inventions : visionary drawnings
The purpose and use of passenger ships in 2058 : future scenarios generated by the Delphi method
Teaching and supervision
Distributed bio-based economy : driving sustainable growth
The Finn family summer trip 2045 : a view to future business opportunities
'Nursing Supervision' is a practical and accessible introduction to the process of clinical supervision. The author follows the course of the supervision process, emphasising its purpose and value and suggesting ways to avoid potential pitfalls.
Sorry not sorry : dreams, mistakes, and growing up
Virtual impact on the physical library : visions for "intelligent" change
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 4th International Workshop CCAAI 2012, held in Nice, France, in October 2012. The book includes 31 papers which were carefully reviewed and selected from 37 submissions. All of the accepted papers were revised by incorporating of the reviewers’ comments and re-submitted by the authors to be included in this proceedings volume. The papers are organized into topical sections on colon and other gastrointestinal tract; and liver, kidney, and other organs.
Hallowed
Our vision of Europe in 2020
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Mars : our future on the red planet
Discusses the entire supervision process from the student's perspective, as well as considering the supervisor's viewpoint and constraints. The author covers all phases of the student's `journey', from induction through to final completion and examination of the thesis and the viva voce.
Human societies name and classify colours in various ways. Knowing this, is it possible to retrieve colour systems from the past? This book presents the basic principles of modern colour semantics, including the recognition of basic vocabulary, subsets, specialised terms and the significance of non-colour features. Each point is illustrated by case studies drawn from modern and historical languages from around the world. These include discussions of Icelandic horses, Peruvian guinea-pigs, medieval roses, the colour yellow in Stuart England, and Polynesian children's colour terms. Major techniques used in colour research are presented and discussed, such as the evolutionary sequence, Natural Semantic Metalanguage and Vantage Theory. The book also addresses whether we can understand the colour systems of the past, including prehistory, by combining various semantic techniques currently used in both modern and historical colour research with archaeological and environmental information.
Towards intelligent and sustainable transport 2025
The political constraints on Russia's economic development : the visionary zeal of technological modernization and its critics
PROFILES OF THE FUTURE
Making ideas happen : overcoming the obstacles between vision and reality
Service encounters in a British cooking show : aspects of organisation and discourse roles
What are you optimistic about? : today's leading thinkers on why things are good and getting better
The case for television violence
The influence of pay-to-view television on professional cricket : professional cricket player perceptions
New Developments in the Visualization and Processing of Tensor Fields
Tune in, log on : soaps, fandom, and online community
Supervising psychotherapy : psychoanalytical and psychodynamic perspectives
Nursing supervision : a guide for clinical practice
Thinking about the future : guidelines for strategic foresight
Welcome to the future cloud : mobile people, green profit & happy countries
The end of oil : on the edge of a perilous new world
Possible worlds : the idea of happiness in the utopian vision of Louis-Sébastien Mercier
An engaging and up-to-date look at television journalism examining the history, contemporary trends and future directions of the medium.
Phantom self : (And how to find the real one)
Strategic plan 2008-2013
Roadmap for communication technologies, services and business models 2010, 2015 and beyond
Making sense of the senseless : the management of problematic questions in the Noriko Show
The architecture of the visible : technology and urban visual culture
This volume offers the first critical history of black and Asian representation on British television from the earliest days of broadcasting to the present day.
Market research best practice : 30 visions for the future : a compilation of discussion papers, case studies and methodologies from ESOMAR
"The future is not what it used to be. In this volatile era, with the world changing at a rapid rate, people are more anxious than ever about what lies ahead. Will relentless consumerism end up destroying our planet? Or can science and technology allow us to innovate our way out of trouble? Perhaps a greater social consciousness and community-based living will take over - or, conversely, the competition for limited resources may result in everyone fighting for themselves. Drawing on these four possible futures, Richard Watson and Oliver Freeman invite us to examine critically the risks and opportunities to come. They discuss the key factors, trends, critical uncertainties, and wildcards that will shape the future, guiding us to a greater awareness of long-term problems and possible solutions - and empowering us not only to adapt to what might happen but also to shape our future and generate change. It's impossible to know for certain what the future holds, but we can remove some of its surprises by engaging in a meaningful debate about the choices we face now. This book shows us how." -- Publisher description.
The mind of a fox : scenario planning in action
Social policy for the sixties : a plan for Finland
The singularity is near : when humans transcend biology
A method for assessing absorptive capacity of a regional innovation system
A vision for Europe?
Computer vision and applications : a guide for students and practitioners
Key figures in the field of counselling and psychotherapy outline the issues which they feel are significant to the development of supervisory practice.
The business of creativity : how to build the right team for success
Visionary leaders for information
Exposition and imagination : revisiting the future city at Montreal's Expo '67 and New York's World's Fair
Brand vision : how to energize your team to drive business growth
Designing a Booking System for Media Agency Use
This text takes the point that TV violence supports the social order by providing a safe outlet for aggressive impulses. Fowles challenges conventional wisdom by asking readers to think about their own viewing habits and those of their friends.
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
Architect as intermediary : towards open source practice
Understanding the global TV format
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
The world without us
God has a dream : a vision of hope for our time
Future floating community for Singapore 2030
Abstract.
This book studies the significance of sight in rabbinic cultures across Palestine and Mesopotamia (approximately from the first to seventh centuries). It tracks the extent and effect to which the rabbis living in the Greco-Roman and Persian worlds sought to appropriate, recast and discipline contemporaneous understandings of sight. Sight had a crucial role to play in the realms of divinity, sexuality and gender, idolatry and, ultimately, rabbinic subjectivity. The rabbis lived in a world in which the eyes were at once potent and vulnerable: eyes were thought to touch objects of vision, while also acting as an entryway into the viewer. Rabbis, Romans, Zoroastrians, Christians and others were all concerned with the protection and exploitation of vision. Employing many different sources, Professor Neis considers how the rabbis engaged varieties of late antique visualities, along with rabbinic narrative, exegetical and legal strategies, as part of an effort to cultivate and mark a 'rabbinic eye'.
Television across Europe
Terrestrial television : the next technology transition : working group Interim report
Bonner provides a distinctive angle on a key area of research and teaching across media and cultural studies - the content of television and the relations between television genres and audiences.
The Semantics of Colour : A Historical Approach
The Television Handbook
Internet protocol television (IPTV) services
Within the frame : the journey of photographic vision
2012 : science or superstition : the definitive guide to the doomsday phenomenon
The formation of internationalization strategies within the construction industry : vision and strategy
The Challenges to Finnish design in the 21st century
The art of leadership
The tools of leadership
Modern television systems to HDTV and beyond
Ordinary television : analyzing popular TV
Beginning Kinect Programming with the Microsoft Kinect SDK gets you up and running developing Kinect applications for your PC using Microsoft tools and the official SDK. You will have a working Kinect program by the end of the first chapter! The following chapters will open up the secrets of three-dimensional vision, skeleton tracking, audio through the Kinect, and more. Examples illustrate the concepts in the form of simple games that react to your body movements. The result is a fun read that helps you learn one of the hottest technologies out there today. Beginning Kinect Programming with the Microsoft Kinect SDK also provides building blocks and ideas for mashing up the Kinect with other technologies to create art, interactive games, 3D models and enhanced office automation. You'll learn the fundamental code basic to almost all Kinect applications. You'll learn to integrate that code with other tools and manipulate data to create amazing Kinect applications. Beginning Kinect Programming with the Microsoft Kinect SDK is your gateway into the exciting world of three-dimensional, real-time computer interaction. Helps you create a proper development environment for Kinect applications. Covers the basics of three-dimensional vision, skeleton tracking, gesture recognition, and audio Provides fun examples that keep you engaged and learning.
This assessment of the interdependence of television across cultures and nations brings together the most current research and theories on the subject. Drawing on quantitative and cultural studies perspectives, the book provides a model which attempts to move beyond the current controversies about dependency and globalisation.
The SAGE handbook of educational leadership : advances in theory, research, and practice
Professional learning communities : a comparative study of Finland and Cameroon
Whither globalization? : the vortex of knowledge and ideology
Importance of pre-production to the efficiency of a reality TV production : case Banijay Finland
This title looks at issues you might face in both teaching undergraduates and in the supervision of graduate research students. Its focus is on presenting explanations and possible strategies designed to make your teaching and supervision work less burdensome, more rewarding (for you and your students) and manageable.
Technology-driven industry restructure : the case of terrestrial televison broadcasting in Finland
The 500 year delta : what happens after what comes next
Clicking : 16 trends to future fit your life, your work, and your business
Downton Abbey and philosophy : the truth is neither here nor there
This edited volume presents a unique multidisciplinary perspective on the problem of visual object categorization. The result of a series of four highly successful workshops on the topic, the book gathers many of the most distinguished researchers from both computer and human vision to reflect on their experience, identify open problems, and foster a cross-disciplinary discussion with the idea that parallel problems and solutions have arisen in both domains. Twenty-seven of these workshop speakers have contributed chapters, including fourteen from computer vision and thirteen from human vision. Their contributions range from broad perspectives on the problem to more specific approaches, collectively providing important historical context, identifying the major challenges, and presenting recent research results. This multidisciplinary collection is the first of its kind on the topic of object categorization, providing an outstanding context for graduate students and researchers in both computer and human vision.
Broadcast news producing
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
News as entertainment : the rise of global infotainment
Strategy and vision for FAO's work in nutrition
Peter Dahlgren clarifies the underlying theoretical concepts of civil society and the public sphere, and relates these to a critical analysis of the practice of television as journalism, as information and as entertainment. He demonstrates the limits and the possibilities of the television medium and the formats of popular journalism. These issues are linked to the potential of the audience to interpret or resist messages, and to construct its own meanings.
Banking regulation and globalization
Managing the future : a guide to forecasting and strategic planning in the 21st century
Abdominal Imaging. Computational and Clinical Applications : 4th International Workshop, Held in Conjunction with MICCAI 2012, Nice, France, October 1, 2012. Proceedings
Making supervision work for you : a student's guide
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to update television playout system. An Estonian television and radio network operator Levira playout centre needed expansion in infrastructure to be able to accommodate larger channel count. Renewals of media asset management and automation systems were also required to handle requirements of the larger channel count and to automate processes. Television playout systems and solutions are going through big changes. These changes reflect partially new developments in the whole broadcasting industry and the way people use video, as well as changes and development in other areas of technology, especially in IT. These changes do not come without challenges with new workflows and ways of operating. These projects were to be done not only for current needs but also to be ready for the coming years. This was taken into consideration on system design and planning as well as on choosing the partners for the projects. As a result of this study, an up to date playout centre was designed with flexible IT based solutions that are easy to update and customize for varying needs of different television channels. Playout centre has room to grow and it is ready for requirements of future without need for major changes in the system.
Richly detailed and empirically grounded, this first book-length study of infotainment and its globalisation by a leading scholar of global communication, offers a comprehensive and critical analysis of this emerging phenomenon.
Willing to know God : dreamers and visionaries in the later Middle Ages
The rule breaker's book of business
A human-electric hybrid vehicle offers a relaxed travel experience for Chinese mega cities
Visionary materialism in the early works of William Blake : the intersection of enthusiasm and empiricism
Digital TV: fixed and mobile systems
