http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3299 reconstituted families
reconstituted families
Winter shadows : a novel
Zero to hero
"Does Wednesday mean mom's house or dad's?": parenting together while living apart
The stepmother's diary
Youth in stepfamilies
The longest whale song
Stepfamily therapy : a 10-step clinical approach
The invisible woman
More people to love me
Christmas on Nantucket : a novel
Coping with marital transitions : a family systems perspective
Brave new stepfamilies : diverse paths toward stepfamily living
The one plus one
Families and society : classic and contemporary readings
No ordinary family
A Nantucket Christmas
My parents are divorced too : a book for kids by kids
Remarried family relationships
Children of divorce : empirical perspectives on adjustment
Family communication
Becoming a family : promoting healthy attachments with your adopted child
The step-parents' parachute
Birth of an adoptive, foster or stepmother : beyond biological mothering attachments
Stepfamily dynamics in Sweden : essays on family structure and children's well-being
Winter street : a novel
American stepfamilies
Charm
Adults only
"The popular American sitcom Modern Family, featuring the trials, tribulations and, in many ways, very ordinary lives of three related contemporary families, including Jay, a middle-aged father who is remarried to a much younger Columbian woman who has a son from a previous marriage, Jay's daughter and her traditional family with a hands-on father and their three children, and Jay's gay son, his male partner and their adopted Vietnamese daughter, highlights the diverse ways in which families are formed today. Although Modern Family is a parody of present-day family life, the reality is even more extraordinary"--
Boy, snow, bird
A rose among thorns
Contemporary families and relationships : reinventing responsibility
Lost and found
The suitcase kid
Beyond the Spiderwick chronicles. Book one of three : The nixie's song
Stepdads : stories of love, hope, and repair
Welcome to the family
Family matters : [a novel]
Life is sweet : six fabulous chocolate box stories
Along for the ride
The Way Way Back
Violet Mackerel's personal space
Did I mention I miss you?
In the present paper we investigate how fatherhood influences childbirth in the second union of men in three European countries. We use data from the first wave of the Generations and Gender Survey for France (2005), Norway (2007/8) and Hungary (2004/5) and we apply piecewise exponential event history models. The analysis complements earlier literature by focusing on men, taking a comparative perspective, looking at change over time, considering both cohabiting and marital unions, and also differentiating between the effects of non-residential and (part- or full-time) residential fatherhood.    Findings show that the probability of childbearing in the second union is the lowest if both partners already have child(ren) and highest if neither of them are parents. However we found different results if only one of the partners has pre-union children in the three countries. Findings are discussed in view of demographic trends, family and gender role attitudes, and relevant family policies.
Beyond the Spiderwick chronicles. Book three of three : The Wyrm king
Did I mention I love you?
The Lottie project
"An exuberant new novel, from an internationally bestselling author that will delight fans of Maria Semple's Where'd You Go, Bernadette?, and CBS's The Good Wife, about a modern-day superwoman who leans in so far she falls over. Liddy James is forty-four, fit, and fabulous. One of New York's top divorce attorneys, a bestselling author, and a mother of two, she glides through the courtrooms and salons of the Manhattan elite with ease. Despite a devastating divorce from her first love, literature professor Peter James, Liddy, Peter, and Peter's sympathetic new partner, Rose, have formed a modern family to raise Liddy and Peter's truculent teen and Liddy's adorable, if fatherless, six-year-old. With her lonely and impoverished New Jersey childhood far behind her, to the outside world Liddy's life is perfect. Until it isn't. When Rose announces an unexpected pregnancy, Liddy's beloved nanny takes flight, a high-profile divorce case becomes too personal, and child support and maintenance payments collide with a looming bill for a roof repair, Liddy realizes she might have finally bitten off more than she can chew. Sharply written and deftly observed, The Real Liddy James offers a sparkling glimpse into the demanding world of New York's fast-paced career women, challenging convention and asking the question: When the cost of having it all becomes too high, can we value living another way?"--
Men's Fertility in Second Unions in Three European Countries: The Effect of Parenthood Status
The new family?
Men from the boys
Dollhouse : a novel /Kourtney, Kim and Khloé Kardashian
Dockside at Willow Lake
Keeping you a secret
Being grown-up is cool (not!)
Lark and Termite
Beyond the Spiderwick chronicles. Book two of three : A giant problem
Stepparenting : issues in theory, research, and practice
The accidental family
Modern families : parents and children in new family forms
The guide for separated parents : putting your children first
Cherry crush
The way way back
Blue pills : a positive love story
Understanding children's personal lives and relationships
Divided families : what happens to children when parents part
Changing identities : Finnish divorcees' perceptions of a new marriage
Grace & family
This boy's life
Summer's dream
"Modern Families brings together research on parenting and child development in new family forms including lesbian mother families, gay father families, families headed by single mothers by choice and families created by assisted reproductive technologies such as in vitro fertilisation (IVF), egg donation, sperm donation, embryo donation and surrogacy. This research is examined in the context of the issues and concerns that have been raised regarding these families. The findings not only contest popular myths and assumptions about the social and psychological consequences for children of being raised in new family forms but also challenge well-established theories of child development that are founded upon the supremacy of the traditional family. It is argued that the quality of family relationships and the wider social environment are more influential in children's psychological development than are the number, gender, sexual orientation, or biological relatedness of their parents or the method of their conception"--
Stepfamily relationships : development, dynamics, and interventions
Lizzie Zipmouth
The stepmother
Forgive and forget
Stepfamilies : who benefits? : who does not?
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
The real Liddy James
Adolescent siblings in stepfamilies : family functioning and adolescent adjustment
Stepfamilies : history, research, and policy
The stepmonster
Everyman
The dolphin people
Good morning, midnight
A.C.O.D. adult children of divorce
Southern lights
Four children and it
Impact of divorce, single parenting, and stepparenting on children
Shifting the center : understanding contemporary families
Ex-etiquette for Holidays and other family celebrations
