http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3292 expressiveness
expressiveness
Maaria Märkälä : places for being happy = Orte zum Glücklichsein = paikkoja olla onnellinen
Expressiveness in music performance : empirical approaches across styles and cultures
The Finnish colorative construction and expressivity
Word-initial consonant clusters in informal Finnish and Finland Swedish : hypercorrections or phonaesthemes?
Expressivism, normativity, and meaning
Emotion in language : theory - research - application
Ahti Rytkönen and the research of the Baltic-Finnic epressive vocabulary
The use of onomatopoeia in the conversational style of adolescents
Transcendentalism never came to an end in America. It just went underground for a stretch, but is back in full force in Robert Brandom's new book. Brandom takes up Kant and Hegel and explores their contemporary significance as if little time had expired since intellectuals gathered around Emerson in Concord to discuss reason and idealism, selves, freedom, and community. Brandom's discussion belongs to a venerable tradition that distinguishes us as rational animals, and philosophy by its concern to understand, articulate, and explain the notion of reason that is thereby cast in that crucial demarcating role. An emphasis on our capacity to reason, rather than merely to represent, has been growing in philosophy over the last thirty years, and Robert Brandom has been at the center of this development. "Reason in Philosophy" is the first book that gives a succinct overview of his understanding of the role of reason as the structure at once of our minds and our meanings - what constitutes us as free, responsible agents. The job of philosophy is to introduce concepts and develop expressive tools for expanding our self-consciousness as sapients: explicit awareness of our discursive activity of thinking and acting, in the sciences, politics, and the arts. This is a paradigmatic work of contemporary philosophy.
Aesthetics : a comprehensive anthology
New waves in aesthetics
Reason in philosophy : animating ideas
Haava = The wound
Poetics of subjectivity : existence and expressivity in Simone de Beauvoir's philosophy
What does it mean to be expressive in music performance across diverse historical and cultural domains? What are the means at the disposal of a performer in various time periods and musical practice conventions? What are the conceptualisations of expression and the roles of performers that shape expressive performance? This book brings together research from a range of disciplines that use diverse methodologies to provide new perspectives and formulate answers to these questions about the meaning, means, and contextualisation of expressive performance in music. The contributors to this book explore expressiveness in music performance in four interlinked parts. Starting with the philosophical and historical underpinnings crucially relevant for Western classical musical performance it then reaches out to cross-cultural issues and finally focuses the attention on various specific problems, including the teaching of expressive music performance skills. The overviews provide a focussed and comprehensive account of the current state of research as well as new developments and a prospective of future directions.
Contagious couplings : transmission of expressives in Yiddish echo phrases
