http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3296 scenarios
scenarios
Despite working in dissimilar fields, the experts called upon in the book - including Hans Blix (Head of the UN investigation in Iraq), Craig Venter (explorer of the human DNA), and Susan Greenfield (a leading world authority on the human brain), among many others - all emphasize the interconnectedness of our global networks in technology and communication, so tightly knit that the world's major conflicts are never isolated incidents. A fresh understanding of the regularities underlying these complex systems is more important than ever.
Tomorrow's tourist : scenarios & trends
Post-Soviet civil society : democratization in Russia and the Baltic states
Climate change adaptaion policy : assessment and comparison of national policy designs in Finland, Norway and Sweden
In the early 21st century, the advances of science, followed by technology, have been very impressive and opened up hither to unthought-of prospects in every domain. Scientific Previsionists believe it will lay the foundation for deep changes in the human being. This is in no way a matter of science fiction but rather rational and foreseeable extrapolations of many recent results in various scientific fields. Will Man become a mutating GMO, a humanoid robot, a hybrid of both? Will his life be extended much longer or even indefinitely? Will he reproduce in vitro in the near future? These are questions we should begin to ask now, for our children will likely experience these changes, but our grandchildren will live in a quite different world.
PROFILES OF THE FUTURE
Towards a sustainable information society : report of the conference on 21-22 February 2000
Is man to survive science?
Multiple scenario approach and strategic behaviour in European companies
True names by Vernor Vinge and the opening of the cyberspace frontier
Conservation and the future : trends and options toward the year 2025
Juxtaposing design representations for creativity
Russian fiscal framework : past, present and future : do we need a change?
Economic policy challenges in coming years
Resource allocation in uplink coordinated multicell MIMO-OFDM systems with 3D channel models
Humans 3.0 : the upgrading of the species
Critique of "Scenarios in marketing planning"
The costs of going from Kyoto to Marrakech : Swedish carbon policy in a multi-regional model
Exploiting scenario planning for strategic assessment of the external business environment : future insights of the European pet food sector
Keys to the 21st century
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Thinking in the future tense
Business strategy: a guide to taking your business forward
Emerging technologies : from hindsight to foresight
Futurevision : scenarios for the world in 2040
Russia as a neighbour
Russia 2025 : scenarios for the Russian future
Orientation alternatives in forest industries in the year 2000 and beyond
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
The city of man : prophecies of a world civilization in twentieth-century thought
The Baltic palette - a region full of colours : final report : approved at the Baltic palette political conference in Stockholm, March 23-24, 2000.
The great reckoning : How the world will change before the year 2000
Scenario analysis for the biomass supply potential and the future development of Finnish forest resources
Visionary leadership : creating a compelling sense of direction for your organization
Critique of "Scenarios in marketing planning#
Long-range futures research : an application of complexity science
The uncertain future and strategic business scenarios for Fimet Oy
Quickbooks for the restaurant
Climate change : past, present, and future
Historied thought, constructed world : a conceptual primer for the turn of the millennium
Virtual impact on the physical library : visions for "intelligent" change
Bull in a china shop : evaluation of the usefulness of scenario planning in the small and medium sized businesses
Guidelines for transport operations until 2020
Strategies for social security in Finland : goals to the year 2000.
The new world of wireless : how to compete in the 4G revolution
Three horizons : the patterning of hope
Change of power dynamics in North Korea : three scenarios
Uncertainty management in acquisitions : what scenario analysis could offer
European timber trends and prospects : into the 21st century
Virtual light
International Arctic petroleum cooperation : Barents Sea scenarios
GEO-2000 alternative policy study for Europe and Central Asia : energy-related environmental impacts of policy scenarios, 1990-2010
The next 500 years : life in the coming millennium
Finnish energy economy up to 2025 : some development paths : executive summary
Predicting the future : an introduction to the theory of forecasting
Survey on the use of climate scenarios and climate change research information in decision making in Finland, Sweden, and Norway : report for the project Climate change adaptation in Norway, Sweden, and Finland - do research, policy and practice meet? (CARePol) : report on results of questionnaire 2: Decision makers
The potential, cost-efficiency and impacts of intensified management of Finnish forests for next 100 years were assessed using a national-level scenario analysis. This document serves as a technical description of the applied models and methods, but also includes a brief synthesis of the results. Data from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory was used to forecast the consequences of alternative management scenarios. Four final scenarios were constructed using MOTTI stand simulator and linear programming package J. Business-as-usual -scenario was compared to three other options that aimed either at high quality raw material, intensive management resulting both quantity and quality of timber, or at low-cost-low-output (extensive) forestry. If the intensity of forest management will remain at the current level, the growing stock will increase. Increasing amount of high quality raw material for forest industry can be produced but it necessitates also increase in annual management practices. For example, treatment areas of young stand management should be doubled compared to current areas in order to maintain or increase cutting removals of high quality wood. It is possible to increase annual removals in a sustainable manner by applying more intensive forest management that also improves profitability nearly 50%. The annual removals can be ca. 40% higher than the current level, and the annual energy wood removal can be over 10 mill m3. Despite increased removals, sustainable wood and biomass production during next 100 years can be achieved. Intensively managed forest are more efficient capturing carbon from atmosphere than extensively managed forests, but the climate impacts depend on the use of removed carbon (end-products made from the removed wood biomass).
Democracy today : problems and prospects
Towards intelligent and sustainable transport by 2025 : background, targets and indicators
European design and image issues for Nissan : today and tomorrow
Turkey's political direction : authoritarianism, liberal democracy or dissolution?
The policy context of the European forest sector : a study prepared for the European Forest Sector Outlook Study (EFSOS)
Future scenario planning in strategic management
Life after politics : new thinking for the twenty-first century
Nuclear war atlas
The future of money : a new way to create wealth, work, and a wiser world
A world after climate change and culture-shift
The hydrogen economy in the 21st century : a sustainable development scenario
Sea level changes on the Finnish coast and their relationship to atmospheric factors
War and peace : in the global village
Scenarios for ambient intelligence in 2010 : final report
Diagnostics of the present and future climate in the ECHAM3-model : storm tracks and wave propagation during the boreal winter
Key issues for succesful scenario planning : perspectives on sustainable use of natural resources in agricultural sector
Geography of North Korea and its future
A comparison of three modelling approaches for large-scale forest scenario analysis in Finland
The future : 50 ideas you really need to know
Global-change scenarios : their development and use
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
2008 state of the future
Global environment outlook scenario framework : background paper for UNEP's third global environment outlook report (GEO-3)
Alternative scenarios for the future development of the Soviet Union
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Strategic Planning of an International Trade Intermediary : Case Woodbe Oy
European forest sector outlook study : trends 2000-2005 compared to the EFSOS scenarios
Cities and urban life
The Finnish economy and the prospects of forest industries : trade, competition and environment
"Imagine living in 1958, and knowing that the integrated circuit--the microchip--was about to be invented, and would revolutionize the world. Or imagine 1992, when the Internet was about to transform virtually every aspect of our lives. Incredibly, this book argues that we stand at such a moment right now--and not just in one field, but in many.
Regional scenarios for environmental sustainability : a review of the literature
Future worlds
Environmental assessment of future dairy farming systems : quantifications of two scenarios from the FOOD 21 synthesis work
Impacts of natural disturbances on the development of European forest resources : application of model approaches from tree and stand levels to large-scale scenarios
User need driven product concept development : ubiquitous computing scenario creation and evaluation
Four scenarios for Europe : based on UNEP's third Global environment outlook
In 2030 , authors Rutger van Santen, Djan Khoe, and Bram Vermeer interview over two dozen scientific and technological experts on themes of health, sustainability and communication, asking them to look forward to the year 2030 and comment on the kind of research that will play a necessary role. If we know what technology will be imperative in 2030, the authors reason, what can we do now to influence future breakthroughs?
Executive summary.
Trends and scenarios related to the turbulent operating environment of Finnish sawmills
African forests : a view to 2020 = Les forêts africaines : une vision pour 2020.
Business and financial models
Scenarios Europe 2010 : five possible futures for Europe
Future climate in world regions: an intercomparison of model-based projections for the new IPCC emissions scenarios
Powershift : knowledge, wealth and violence at the edge of the 21st century
Abstract.
Alternative scenarios for the development of the Finnish forest sector
The road ahead
Future management in accounting : preliminary propositions with survey evidence
Demands of situational awareness in a future war in Europe
Energy policy modeling in the 21st century
"The future is not what it used to be. In this volatile era, with the world changing at a rapid rate, people are more anxious than ever about what lies ahead. Will relentless consumerism end up destroying our planet? Or can science and technology allow us to innovate our way out of trouble? Perhaps a greater social consciousness and community-based living will take over - or, conversely, the competition for limited resources may result in everyone fighting for themselves. Drawing on these four possible futures, Richard Watson and Oliver Freeman invite us to examine critically the risks and opportunities to come. They discuss the key factors, trends, critical uncertainties, and wildcards that will shape the future, guiding us to a greater awareness of long-term problems and possible solutions - and empowering us not only to adapt to what might happen but also to shape our future and generate change. It's impossible to know for certain what the future holds, but we can remove some of its surprises by engaging in a meaningful debate about the choices we face now. This book shows us how." -- Publisher description.
Eternity : our next billion years
The history of the future : images of the 21st century
Transport infrastructure 2030 : meeting the challenges of concentrating population and industrial changes
2030 : technology that will change the world
SKB/TVO ice age scenario : November 1990 : final draft
Profiles of the future : an inquiry into the limits of the possible
Forecasted merchant scenarios on surcharge implementation : company X reacting to competitive changes in the Finnish payment card industry
Using bright, accessible language to discuss topics of universal interest and relevance, 2030 takes the position that we can, in fact, influence the course of history. It offers a new way of looking forward, a fresh perspective on sustainability, stability and crisis-prevention. For anyone interested in modern science, this book will showcase the technologies that will soon change the way we live."--pub. desc.
The sovereign individual : the coming economic revolution, how to survive and prosper in it
The mind of a fox : scenario planning in action
Scenarios : on expert generated scenarios for long range infrastructure planning of transportation and energy systems
Industry foresight - an energy case
X-events : the collapse of everything
Multiple scenarios in strategic management : the first European survey
Scenarios for future agriculture in Finland : a Delphi study among agri-food sector stakeholders
What if... : Finland - new realities, alternative futures
Turning challenges into opportunities : a carbon neutral vision for electricity and district heat for 2050.
World parliament – fact or fiction? : on the feasibility of world parliamentary models
Modelling and projections of forest products demand, supply and trade in Europe : a study prepared for the European Forest Sector Outlook Study (EFSOS)
Regional climate simulations for the Nordic region : first results from SWECLIM
Supply chains' environmental requirements in China in 2025 : scenario analysis
Implosion : the end of Russia and what it means for America
Report no. 1/1994 of the Special Parliamentary Committee set up to Consider the Government Report on Charting Finland's Future Optoins
2017 war with Russia : an urgent warning from senior military command
Where on earth are we going?
Global trends 2030 : alternative worlds : a publication of the National Intelligence Council
The purpose and use of passenger ships in 2058 : future scenarios generated by the Delphi method
Strategy and innovation model for the entrepreneurial forest owner
The GEO-3 scenarios 2002-2032 : quantification and analysis of environmental impacts
What if? : military historians imagine what might have been
Exploring and shaping international futures
Process report : FEPs and scenarios for a spent fuel repository at Olkiluoto
Altered pasts : counterfactuals in history
Timber production possibilities and capital yields from the Norwegian forest area
Environmental futures : the practice of environmental scenario analysis
Future options for Macedonian agricultural policy
Futures of the health tourism between Northwest Russia and Finland 2030
The world in 2025 : contributions from an expert group
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
Arthur C. Clarke's July 20, 2019 : a day in the life of the 21st century
Next generation telecommunications networks, services, and management
The concept of Utopia
Energy to 2050 : scenarios for a sustainable future
SKB/TVO ice age scenario
Another bloody century : future warfare
The great unraveling : losing our way in the new counry
Executive summary (s. 11-14).
The inevitable : understanding the 12 technological forces that will shape our future
The five futures glasses : how to see and understand more of the future with the Eltville model
Scanning the future : 20 eminent thinkers on the world of tomorrow
Scientific assessment of ozone depletion : 1991.
Finnish Pharma Cluster : vision 2010 : target programme initiated by the Finnish Pharma Cluster
Forecasts of the economic growth in OECD countries and Central and Eastern European countries for the period 2000-2040 : a study prepared for the European Forest Sector Outlook Study (EFSOS)
Vocational and adult education in Europe
Calm or storm? : wind power actors' perceptions of Finnish wind power and its future
Testing a large-scale forestry scenario model by means of successive inventories on a forest property
Futures of Finnish food system by 2050 : the perspective of resilience
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
Digital communication in medical practice
Building business foresight for future demands of business people
Scenarios, stories, use cases : through the systems development life-cycle
The future is ours : foreseeing, managing and creating the future
End game : tipping point for planet Earth?
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
How to rethink the future : making use of strategic foresight
International futures : choices in the creation of a new world order
Information systems transformation : architecture-driven modernization case studies
"Admiral James G Stavridis, US Navy, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe. Closely modelled on his NATO experience of war gaming future conflicts, 2017 War With Russia is a chilling account of where we are heading if we fail to recognise the threat posed by the Russian president. Written by the recently retired Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe and endorsed by senior military figures, this book shows how war with Russia could erupt with the bloodiest and most appalling consequences if the necessary steps are not taken urgently... "--Publisher description.
Ideas for stratetig technology management : design of an electronically mediated scenario method
The practice and process of adaptation in Finnish agriculture
Predictions : [30 great minds on the future]
2010 : state of the future
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Documentation of the anticipation practice/method
Critical factors affecting forest industries' future in the year 2000 and beyond
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Creating value through advanced silvicultural services
Carbon reservoirs in wood products-in-use in Finland : current sinks and scenarios until 2050.
