http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3293 loyal customers
loyal customers regular customers
The hungry cowboy : service and community in a neighborhood restaurant
Increasing lodging revenues and restaurant checks
Data mining techniques in CRM : inside customer segmentation
eHealth and eWelfare of Finland : checkpoint 2011
The research studies mobile applications as a key customer base and it is done for a Finnish sport retailer, Top-Sport Oy. The study examines if a mobile application could be used as a key customer base. The use of smartphones is in rapid growth and companies are increasingly interested in the use of social media and mobile applications. The commissioner does not have an existing key customer base. Technical issues are not discussed in this study. The study intends to show if a mobile application as a key customer base would be a viable solution. Customer needs and expectations are studied in the customer satisfaction survey. Also qualities of existing mobile applications and key customer mobile applications are benchmarked in the study. The study aims to reflect the current situation and future trends. Knowledge base of the thesis consists of mobile applications, growing mobile markets and the related theories. The applied research method is quantitative. Quantitative method has been utilized in the customer satisfaction survey. The survey was given to students of Oulu University of Applied Sciences, School of Business and Information Management through the intranet 11.12. - 17.12.2013. Total number of responses was 238. The customer satisfaction survey shows interest in a mobile application if an application is easy to download, the content is inviting and has the possibility of personification. The study clarifies new ways to create attractive and innovative content for a mobile application. The study indicates the need for further research, more covering interviews, technical product development and follow up of customer satisfaction after the product has been developed and taken into use.
Dancing for dollars and paying for love : the relationships between exotic dancers and their regulars
Usage of digital loyalty programs in the city center area in Jyväskylä
Night restaurants in Helsinki downtown area face fierce competition today. The number of various concepts is great and most operators compete for the attention and money of fairly same target market/ -s. Alongside traditional competitional tools such as quality and price new means need to be sought in order to stay in business, and more importantly, to be profitable. Relationship marketing offers one way of approaching this issue. It offers tools for studying all relationships a company has with its' environment, recognising the ones that are can be valuable and managing all these a successful entity.  In order to provide an extensive theoretical framework towards which the empirical part of the study about the use of relationship marketing can be reflected to, one has to study a number of issues. The theoretical part will begin with short introduction to socio-economic factors that affect the situation today. The issue of value creation is handled, both from the customer and the company point of view. Background and history of relationship marketing is studied and a number of marketing definitions and theories introduced. Furthermore the motivators behind consumer behaviour are discussed and concepts important to this subject explained. Finally all the issues above will be tied into logical entity in the chapter "relationship management and marketing strategy".  The empirical study was conducted as a qualitative study using half structured theme interviews. The interviewees all work in the chosen Helsinki night restaurants and are one way or another involved in the marketing planning and general management of these places. The beginning of empirical study shows the results of thirteen interviews. The later part of the chapter concentrates on the analysis that arise from the results and theory and on the recommendations based on the analysis.  In short the results show that all the restaurants in the study are familiar with the general concept of relationship marketing and practise a number of related activities such as VIP-card system and regular customer register. However it seems that strategic long term planning, clear goal setting for these actions and consistent follow up is often lacking. The importance of staff in using this approach was widely recognised but issues such as the necessity for clear separation between VIP-customers and masses divided opinions. Finally it seemed that all restaurants could name their chosen target segments but did not possess a lot data about them.
Comparison of reward systems in Finnish retail industry : S-card, the market leader
Data mining techniques : for marketing, sales, and customer relationship management
Abstract: Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs. The main objective of this dissertation was to analyze general attitudes consumers have towards mobile direct marketing, when it is executed by some company whose loyalty program they are involved in. The study was then investigating the level of interest towards such advertising. The research was based on a mix of qualitative and quantitative research, and an online survey of 94 individuals from different age groups and professions was conducted for data collection purposes. The research aimed at giving generalized view of the consumers' reaction to the topic and suggestions on how this information could be used by any company planning on incorporating mobile direct marketing to their loyalty programs. A critical review of relevant secondary data was carried out to get insight on consumer behavior, when it comes to loyalty programs and mobile direct marketing. The literature review discusses in general terms of the topic related concepts of marketing and consumer behavior, and finishes with introducing the different uses and types of mobile direct marketing. This information gave the basis for primary research. Results of the research placed some of the theory of secondary data under consideration, and further recommendation for research would therefore be focusing on viral activity related to loyalty program messages as well as realization of paid-for ordering service. Limitations of research include the absence of a commissioner, which affects the reliability of the primary research results.
Improving customer loyalty through a regular cus-tomer program : Case Onninen Oy
Customer relationship management : a database approach
Creating customer commitment through customer loyalty program : case: Company X
Exploratory analysis of the drivers of relational motivation : in the context of frequent flyer programs and young customers
Customer relationship management: concepts and technologies
Data driven marketing for dummies
Customer satisfaction and behavioral intentions as antecedents of Share of Wallet : inspecting the role of loyalty programs
Customer relationship marketing in night club branch : case: organising an event in night club
Customer oriented error database development  for Nokia test mobiles
Valuing Your Customers : from quality information to quality relationships through database marketing
Contextual design : defining customer-centered systems
SSP Finland and Finnair Plus partnership development opportunities
Using relationship marketing and VIP-practices in Helsinki night restaurants
Create value with strategic accounts
Analysis of attitudes towards mobile direct marketing directed to consumers involved in loyalty programs
The most important features and maintenance of a CRM database system for TekMil Oy
Customer relationship management : integrating marketing strategy and information technology
Building data mining applications for CRM
Health informatics : practical guide for healthcare and information technology professionals
Rapid contextual design : a how-to guide to key techniques for user-centered design
Information marketing
Customer loyalty : a guide for time travelers
Loyalty marketing in automobile dealerships : case: car dealer X
Sams Teach Yourself Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4 in 24 hours
Data mining cookbook : modeling data for marketing, risk and customer relationship management
Digital applications for cultural and heritage institutions
Mobile application as a potential key customer base
Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs.
Customer relationship management : concepts and technologies
This is a project made for Haaga-Helia university of Applied Sciences bachelor thesis for Degree Programme in Tourism. The project content is made for Select Service Partner Finland Oy and Finnair Plus Loyalty, as a possible partnership development opportunities case. The thesis task was to present current situation analyses, operational environment evaluation and possible development ideas. The main aim was to gather data and gain valuable findings that can be a part of further partnership development in the future. The project was assigned by Select Service Partner marketing department as a project combination with thesis writing process. The benefit of the study was to create ideas for a partnership development and innovative opinions of the current and future situations, supporting the guidelines and company values of both parties of the partnership. The project also presents relevant strategic marketing theories, industry analyses and new mentalities of providing quality customer service. The research data was collected through three individual company interviews, available information from author's supervisor and materials gained through workplace, and the authors experiences of the companies that were researched. The results is presenting possible development opportunities for the current situation of the partnership. The results and conclusion are based on the three company interviews held between September and November 2011, as well as on the information collected through relevant theories, models and data.
The impacts of various implementing options for non-functional software requirements : case: label factory's production systems
Consumer insight : how to use data and market research to get closer to your customer
Designing a data warehouse : supporting customer relationship management
Principles of direct and database marketing : a digital orientation
Customer database for Watrec Oy
Customer relationship management
Microsoft® Access® small business solutions : state-of-the-art databases models for sales, marketing, customer management, and more key business activities
Maintaining customer loyalty : Developing services at Health Club Hukka
Predicting market success : new ways to measure customer loyalty and engage customers with your brand
Investigation of the factors influencing the level of customer satisfaction of the Club Tax-‎free members at KappAhl Lappeenranta
Information retrieval interaction
In the growing markets of today and excess variety of choice to customers, it is significant to companies to know how to maintain their clientele. The purpose of this thesis was to identify the key elements of customer loyalty. The case company Liikuntakeskus Hukka is a large and popular health club situated in Oulu, Finland. The health club wishes to develop its services in order to maintain the number of the existing male members with improved service. The initial interest towards this case company began with the author but the subject for the thesis was suggested by the case company as important and current information to the company could be gathered from the research. The objective was to approach both existing and former male members to determine the reasons why they joined the health club; which needs were or were not satisfied; most and least important factors at the health club among the facilities, and sports and healthcare possibilities; and what were the main causes to resign the contract. According to the researched data, different segments were identified in the male members and conclusions on how to serve these segments better were drawn. This thesis aimed to explain the importance of customer service and customer satisfaction to customer loyalty of a business, as well as considering the theories of consumer behaviour and customer relationship management. Quantitative research was used in the empirical part to gather enough data for reliable results in the form of a multiple-choice questionnaire sent by e-mail. Mainly closed questions were used to gain comparable answer with a few open-ended questions for receiving more precise feedback for the client company. Discussion of the theoretical part was based on printed and online publications. The results were analysed and managerial implications were suggested to the case company in accordance with results. The main segments in male members were identified, and the strongest aspects and the key weaknesses of the health club were recognised by the survey. Health Club Hukka has a strong customer base of members since many years that are very loyal to the club mainly because of the variety of services offered and the atmosphere shared with friends.
Customer relationship management : concept, strategy, and tools
Maintaining customer loyalty : developing services at Health Club Hukka
