http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3297 forecasts
forecasts predictions prognoses
Economic forecasting involves choosing simple yet robust models to best approximate highly complex and evolving data-generating processes. This poses unique challenges for researchers in a host of practical forecasting situations, from forecasting budget deficits and assessing financial risk to predicting inflation and stock market returns. Economic Forecasting presents a comprehensive, unified approach to assessing the costs and benefits of different methods currently available to forecasters. This text approaches forecasting problems from the perspective of decision theory and estimation, and demonstrates the profound implications of this approach for how we understand variable selection, estimation, and combination methods for forecasting models, and how we evaluate the resulting forecasts. Both Bayesian and non-Bayesian methods are covered in depth, as are a range of cutting-edge techniques for producing point, interval, and density forecasts. The book features detailed presentations and empirical examples of a range of forecasting methods and shows how to generate forecasts in the presence of large-dimensional sets of predictor variables. The authors pay special attention to how estimation error, model uncertainty, and model instability affect forecasting performance. * Presents a comprehensive and integrated approach to assessing the strengths and weaknesses of different forecasting methods * Approaches forecasting from a decision theoretic and estimation perspective * Covers Bayesian modeling, including methods for generating density forecasts * Discusses model selection methods as well as forecast combinations * Covers a large range of nonlinear prediction models, including regime switching models, threshold autoregressions, and models with time-varying volatility * Features numerous empirical examples * Examines the latest advances in forecast evaluation * Essential for practitioners and students alike.
Predicting U.S. recession with dynamic binary response models
Quiescence as an explanation of Gompertzian tumor growth
Analysis of user trends and behavior in online and mobile weather and climate services
English summary.
Epithelial and stromal syndecan-1 expression as predictor of outcome in patients with gastric cancer
Prognostic value of MIB-1 score, p53, EGFr, mitotic index and papillary status in primary superficial (stage pTa/T1) bladder cancer : a prospective comparative study
World energy outlook : assessing today's supplies to fuel tomorrow's growth : 2001 insights
Forecast for 2017-2019
Modelling of changes in electricity end-use and their impacts on electricity distribution
Eternity : our next billion years
European timber trends and prospects to the year 2000 and beyond. Vol. 1
Joint modeling of call and put implied volatility
Det nordiske statistikermøde i Helsingør 1979 = The joint meeting of the Nordic Statistical Societies at Elsinore 1979.
Analysis on the errors and omissions in the Finnish balance of payments : restless capital movements, floating exchange rate and errors since 1991
In view of improving multi-country forest sector models, this study investigated to what extent the price and income elasticity of demand for forest products had changed in the past two decades, and how much they depended on the countries income level. For each of seven major product groups annual observations were divided between high-income (top 20% in gross domestic product per capita) and low-income, and between recent (2004-2013) and older (1992-2003) observations. The results indicated that for sawnwood and particleboard the data could be pooled across all countries and years. For the other commodity groups (veneer & plywood, fiberboard, newsprint, printing & writing paper, other paper & paperboard), there were statistically significant differences in gross domestic product or price elasticity between high and low-income levels or old and recent observations. Efficient elasticities were obtained by pooling the maximum number of observations while respecting the statistically significant differences. The resulting GDP elasticities were the same, or very close, across income levels for all products. The price elasticities differed by income level only for newsprint and for veneer and plywood. International forest sector projections to 2065 obtained with these elasticities compared with those based on pooling all data across time and income levels gave less than 3% difference for world consumption of sawnwood, particleboard, fiberboard, and newsprint, but 19% higher consumption for veneer and plywood, 31% for printing and writing paper, and 18% for other paper and paperboard. The world price was 1% to 11% higher for end products and 3% to 22% higher for raw materials and intermediate products..
Implied volatility with time-varying regime probabilities
Forecasting on a scientific basis : proceedings of an International Summer Institute held in Curia, Portugal, september 1966.
Prospective outcome study of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage : endovascular versus surgical therapy
There is increased uncertainty surrounding the growth and inflation forecasts, yet this time upside risks are also present. On one hand, low oil prices and long-term interest rates could boost global economic growth more than estimated. In addition, currency depreciation in the EU22 and Japan could result in higher-than-forecast growth and inflation. On the other hand, protracted low inflation together with downward wage and price rigidities could be a drag on growth, especially in the EU22. Geopolitical risks continue to weigh on the outlook..
Technological forecasting for industry and government : methods and applications
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Regional forecasting
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period
Forecast for 2015-2017
Improving flood forecasting using multi-source remote sensing data : report of the Floodfore project
Regional predictions concerning the effects of climate change on forests in southern Finland
Forecasting the macroeconomy with financial market information
This paper exploits the fact that implied volatilities calculated from identical call and put options have often been empirically found to differ, although they should be equal in theory. We propose a new bivariate mixture multiplicative error model and show that it is a good fit to Nikkei 225 index call and put option implied volatility (IV). A good model fit requires two mixture components in the model, allowing for different mean equations and error distributions for calmer and more volatile days. Forecast evaluation indicates that in addition to jointly modeling the time series of call and put IV, cross effects should be added to the model: putside implied volatility helps forecast callside IV, and vice versa. Impulse response functions show that the IV derived from put options recovers faster from shocks, and the effect of shocks lasts for up to six weeks.
Economic survey : September 2002.
Epithelial-mesenchyma[l] transition and expression of its transcription factors in pharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma
Cytogenetic and molecular genetic changes in childhood acute leukaemias
Financial variables and economic activity in the Nordic countries
Income and time dependence of forest product demand elasticities and implications for forecasting
Probabilistic modeling of landscape development and surface water body formation
The global economy is expected to grow by a full 3% annually in 2017-2018, i.e. only slightly faster than in 2016. World trade growth will remain slow relative to GDP growth, as in recent years. In the United States and China, economic growth will continue to be strong and will sustain global growth. A slight rise in the oil price will support gradual economic recovery in Russia. Euro area growth is expected to remain relatively brisk, driven by domestic demand. Brexit will cast a shadow over the growth outlook, particularly for the United Kingdom but also to some extent for the rest of Europe. Emerging economies will continue to develop at a relatively steady pace during the forecast period and are not expected to be much affected by the dip in European growth..
Short-term forecasting of industrial production by means of quick indicators
European timber trends and prospects to the year 2000 and beyond. Vol. 2
Working-life expectancy in Finland : trends and differentials 2000-2015 : a multistate regression approach
Economic forecasts and policy
Forecasting : methods and applications
The future of architecture
Global growth remains sluggish
Falling oil prices translate into an income transfer from producers to consumers
Calibrating predicted tree diameter distributions in Catalonia, Spain
Aggregating problems when forecasting industrial production using business survey data
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Finland benefits from Eurosystem's securities purchases
Regional crown profile models were derived for three conifer species of the interior northwestern USA from terrestrial laser scans of eighty-six trees across a range of sizes and growing conditions. Equations were developed to predict crown shape from crown length for Pseudotsuga menziesii, Pinus ponderosa, and Abies lasiocarpa from parametric curves applied to crown-length normalized laser point clouds. The 95th width percentile adequately described each crown's outer limit; alternate width percentiles produced little profile shape variation. For P. menziesii and P. ponderosa, a scaling parameter-modified beta curve gave the most accurate fit (using cross-validated Mean Absolute Error) to aggregated 95th width percentile points. For A. lasiocarpa, beta and Weibull curves (equivalently modified) produced similar results. For all species, modified beta and Weibull curves fit crown points with less error than conic or cylindrical profiles. Crown profile curves were species-specific; interchanging among species increased error significantly. Laser-derived crown base metrics provided objectivity and consistency, but underestimated field-derived base heights through inclusion of dead branches. Profile curve parameters were not correlated with tree or stand characteristics suggesting that crown shape is not strongly conditioned by size and site factors. However, laser sampling necessarily favored more open growing conditions, potentially under-representing variations in crown shape associated with social position. Overall, Terrrestrial Laser Scanning (TLS) lends itself to detailed measurements of external crown architecture with occlusion-imposed limits to characterization of internal features. Yet, the time and cost of collecting and processing individual tree data precludes use of TLS as a common field sampling tool.
Superforecasting : the art and science of prediction
Abstract: Underutilization and over demand of experts in services companies is both inefficient and costly; particularly in organizations that employ highly educated professionals, for example doctors and other healthcare workers. The need for accurate forecasting is therefore a crucial business priority. This Thesis develops a demand forecasting model for doctor's appointment at the city of Helsinki Occupational HealthCare Centre. The model is examined by applying it to doctor services at one of several business units at the centre. The study draws upon forecasting theory. Through benchmarking and current state analysis and historical analysis of the case company data the variables deemed to predict demand are identified. Three different forecasting models are then examined in order to test which is most appropriate to the context and best serves to forecast actual service demand. Given different demand trends over the period of a year, for example the seasonality found in the historical data, SPSS Statistics 19 Expert modeler was found to be the most appropriate model. The appropriateness of this model is tested by examining predicted demand and actual demand over a three month period, and by interviewing health care professionals in the case organization. The Thesis discusses the wider implications for practice. The limitations of the study are discussed; particularly with regard to the evaluation of further variables that might improve the model. Avenues for further study are presented.
Is humanity approaching a Golden Age, driven by technology and ever-closer global networks? Or is the notion of progress an illusion born in the West?
Consolidation measures strengthen public finances
Forecasting regional tourist accommodation supply and demand
The Russian economy has begun to contract due to the fall in the price of oil. GDP will contract by over 4% in 2015. The uncertainty will cause a decline in investment, and consumption will be cut particularly by rapid inflation. Imports will be reduced by the contracting economy, a weak rouble and declining export income. In 2016-2017, the price of oil will rise and the contraction in the economy and imports will flatten out. Forecast risks relating to investment and imports, in particular, are high.
Conifer crown profile models from terrestrial laser scanning
Testing for granger-causality in the Finnish roundwood market
Report of the meeting of the CAS group of rapporteurs on short-range weather prediction research (Bracknell, United Kingdom, 13-17 January 1992)
Quantifying the water resource impacts of mountain pine beetle and associated salvage harvest operations across a range of watershed scales : hydrologic modelling of the Fraser River Basin
Forecasting and time series analysis
The manager's guide to business forecasting : how to understand and use forecasts for better business results
Transforming business survey answers into a leading indicator
Russian economy and imports to contract substantially in 2015.
Finland's economic situation remains difficult
Beyond recovery : ECA - revised perspectives of Africa's development, 1988-2008
Land degradation in the developing world : implications for food, agriculture, and the environment to 2020
Faces of politicians : babyfacedness predicts inferred competence but not electoral success
Profiles of the future : an inquiry into the limits of the possible
Biochemical markers in the diagnostic and prognostic evaluation of acute coronary syndromes
The world economy in the 1980s featuring USA, Canada, Japan, West Germany, France, Italy, United Kingdom
Economic forecasting
Future agenda : six challenges for the next decade
Economic outlook
Social security schemes administered by Kela 2010-2060 : actuarial report
This paper presents a mixture multiplicative error model with a time-varying probability between regimes. We model the implied volatility derived from call and put options on the USD/EUR exchange rate. The daily first difference of the USD/EUR exchange rate is used as a regime indicator, with large daily changes signaling a more volatile regime. Forecasts indicate that it is beneficial to jointly model the two implied volatility series: both mean squared errors and directional accuracy improve when employing a bivariate rather than a univariate model. In a two-year out-of-sample period, the direction of change in implied volatility is correctly forecast on two thirds of the trading days.
Environmental futures : the practice of environmental scenario analysis
Forecasting the direction of the U.S. stock market with dynamic binary probit models
The 500 year delta : what happens after what comes next
Finland falling further behind euro area growth
Recent research has documented that competent-looking political candidates do better in U.S. elections and that babyfaced individuals are generally perceived to be less competent than maturefaced individuals. Taken together, this suggests that babyfaced political candidates are perceived as less competent and therefore fare worse in elections. We test this hypothesis, making use of photograph-based judgments by 2,772 respondents of the facial appearance of 1,785 Finnish political candidates. Our results confirm that babyfacedness is negatively related to inferred competence in politics. Despite this, babyfacedness is either unrelated or positively related to electoral success, depending on the sample of candidates.
Business and economic forecasting : an econometric approach
During the past year, there has been intense debate over the correlation between fiscal consolidation and economic growth. This article argues that the observed growth forecast errors for euro area countries in 2010-2011 were not caused by underestimated fiscal multipliers. Instead, the errors were due to a general reassessment of euro area sovereign risk, which disproportionately impacted the more vulnerable euro area countries. These countries experienced a sharp increase in their sovereign borrowing costs, a tightening of credit conditions and ultimately a sharper-than-expected contraction of domestic demand..
Detection of bias in animal model pedigree indices of heifers
Towards intelligent and sustainable transport by 2025 : background, targets and indicators
Forecast risks predominantly on the downside
In the wake of a second export price shock late last year, the Bank of Finland now expects Russian GDP to contract 3% in 2016. Our new forecast assumes the price of oil averages slightly over $40 a barrel this year, about 60% below the 2014 average. With the economy shrinking and depressed export earnings, Russian imports should fall another 10% this year..
Corporate responsibilities and opportunities to 1990
Uncertainty about the condition of the global economy increased in August-September. Concerns relate particularly to China, whose decelerating growth has unnerved the markets. In the Bank of Finland forecast, global growth will be 3.0%, 3.2% and 3.5% in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. In addition to developments in China, the fact that world trade growth is past its peak weakens the outlook for the global economy compared with earlier predictions. There are downside risks to the forecast for the global economy..
Neck pain in adolescent headache sufferers : a cohort study of schoolchildren
Knowing about the future
This paper introduces a Lagrange Multiplier (LM) test for testing an autoregressive structure in a binary time series model. Simulation results indicate that the two versions of the proposed LM test have reasonable size and power properties when the sample size is large. A parametric bootstrap method is suggested to obtain approximately correct sizes also in small samples. The use of the test is illustrated by an application to recession forecasting models using monthly U.S. data.
How do we know where the economy is heading today?
On stepwise regression and economic forecasting
Applied forecasting methods
Uncertain futures : challenges for decision-makers
Medium-term forecasts of potential GDP and inflation using age structure information
Developing a forecasting model for doctor's appointments in healthcare business
As projected in earlier forecasts, Chinese economic growth continues to slow. 2015 GDP growth overall should average around 7 % p.a., and then the growth is expected to fall to around 6 % p.a. in 2016 and 2017. China faces the challenge of creating new engines of growth and managing its existing problems. This calls for determined reforms that inevitably will also bring about various kind of disturbances in the economy. Given decelerating growth and rising indebtedness, the risk that the Chinese economy underperforms this forecast is rising..
Use of log-linear models in forecasting structural changes in Finnish non-industrial private forest ownership
Global economic conditions and prospects
Forecasting methods
Difficulties in emerging economies weigh on global growth
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
Growth in corporate investment and exports is expected to be reflected in slowly improving output in the immediate years ahead. Nevertheless, owing to increased uncertainties in the global economy, there is a possibility that exports will not yet begin to rebound. On the other hand, the pick-up in domestic investment may be jeopardised if competitiveness problems cannot be resolved and the high degree of uncertainty surrounding fiscal consolidation persists. For these reasons, another possibility is that economic activity in the immediate future will be weaker than forecast..
Megatech : technology in 2050
The changes in the Baltic Sea ice cover by 2050.
Survey on the use of climate scenarios and climate change research information in decision making in Finland, Sweden, and Norway : report for the project Climate change adaptation in Norway, Sweden, and Finland - do research, policy and practice meet? (CARePol) : report on results of questionnaire 2: Decision makers
Long-term prospects for the world economy
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period. The sliding oil price will benefit oil-importing countries. In the euro area, the Extended Asset Purchase Programme (EAPP) has reduced funding costs, improved lending and strengthened the confidence of economic agents. The exchange rate developments to date support the growth and inflation outlooks of the euro area and Japan, while the recovery of the US economy is consistent with the strong US dollar. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, following the collapse of the oil price. Economic growth in China will remain relatively robust..
The handbook of forecasting : a manager's guide
Yield-curve based probit models for forecasting U.S. recessions : stability and dynamics
Prognostic factors in pharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma with special reference to cell adhesion, p53 protein expression and nitric oxide synthase expression
Britain 1984 : unilever's forecast : an experiment in the economic history of the future
Global tactical asset allocation using the Black-Litterman model
Budgeting and forecasting application development : an evaluation
Russia, Finland and Norway : Economic essays
Forecast risks
The effects of the Eurosystem's expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) are already visible on the financial markets. The achievements of the programme are, however, only intermediate goals from a central bank perspective, through which the effects of the programme can work through to the real economy and prices. To a small open economy such as Finland, the effects of the programme are transmitted particularly via lower market interest rates and a weaker exchange rate. According to calculations conducted at the Bank of Finland, the EAPP will stimulate Finland's GDP growth by 0.2 of a percentage point and inflation by 0.3 of a percentage point in 2015..
Business forecasting for management
The global outlook has weakened slightly
Comparing the forecasting performance of logistic regression and random forest models in criminal recidivism
The Bank of Finland forecasts a global growth rate of 2.8% in 2016, rising only slightly to 3.2% in 2017-2018. The growth pick-up reflects a recovery of the emerging economies suffering from the recession. World trade growth in the forecast period will be close to world GDP growth. The forecasts for the United States and the EU22 are more moderate than previously, but growth should still exceed the estimated potential growth rate. The growth forecast for China in 2016-2017 remains at 6%, from which it is expected to slow to 5% in 2018..
The uncertainty of forest management planning data in Finnish non-industrial private forestry
Forecasting in business and economics
Prediction markets : fundamentals, designs, and applications
Forecasting commodity prices with nonlinear models
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Modeling long-term price development by using time-series auto-regression and expert judgments
On modelling surface waves and vertical mixing in the Baltic Sea
Predictions of forest inventory cover type proportions using Landsat TM
Prediction and interpolation of time series by state space models
Dynamic probit models and financial variables in recession forecasting
An efficient energy future : prospects for Europe and North America
Forecasting the business cycle using min/max autocorrelation factors
Changes from the previous forecast
Modeling and forecasting implied volatility
Forecasting the business cycle using survey data
The fall in the oil price is broadly reflected across the current situation in the global economy and the outlook for the future. According to most assessments, the oil price drop is for the most part a positive supply shock that in the short term will support growth and slow inflation in net oil-importing countries. In addition to the oil price, long-term interest rates have also declined substantially in the euro area. As a whole, the outlook for the advanced economies has strengthened on average, while the outlook for many emerging economies has weakened. There are, however, major differences within the country groups, a fact also reflected in exchange rates. A particular case in point is the appreciation of the US dollar..
Forecasting Finnish macroeconomy : an economic tracking portfolio approach
The Finnish economy is still in a difficult situation. During the forecast period, the return to growth will be very sluggish and much slower than in the rest of the euro area. Developments in Finland's export markets now look weaker than previously forecast, and as a result foreign trade will give little stimulus to the economy in the immediate years ahead. During the forecast period, growth will depend on domestic demand. In 2016, the Finnish economy will grow 0.7%, followed by 1.0% in 2017. Risks to the forecast are predominantly on the downside and productivity development will be weak..
Business forecasting
The art of conjecture
Forecasting methods for management
Finland and the international movement of people in changing Europe
Limits to forecasting : towards a theory of forecast errors = Grenzen aan het Voorspellen : een Theorie van Voorspelfouten
Business forecasting in practice : principles and cases
Linking firm data to macroeconomic data : some theoretical and econometric considerations
Recent global sea level acceleration started over 200 years ago
Forecasting car ownership and use : a report prepared by an OECD road research group May 1982.
Fiscal multipliers revisited
A note on forecast evaluation and correction
This thesis is a case study of a Finnish technology firm Teleste Corporation. There the pursue of efficiency and good customer service are important. A demand forecast offers the possibility to make the operations more profitable but still offer the customers' higher value. It provides the inventory management the needed information about the buffer stocks that should be kept overcoming the fluctuations in demand. Additionally, it ensures that no unnecessary stock is carried. The thesis has concentrated on discovering the matters that affect the efficiency of the demand forecast process and the inventory management. A seven step forecast model is investigated in order to solve the critical aspects related to it. It states the issues that increase the complexity of forecasting. Furthermore, it argues about the fact that to be successful in the process, the company needs to create written rules for forecasting. Additionally, constant support during the forecast creation is another element desperately needed. These two matters should be provided for the sales people who are responsible to the creation of a forecast. Add to this, as the clientele is wanted to give some input to the forecasting, it would be advisable to increase their awareness about the process and its advantages. Finally, the demand forecast process lacks of a good awarding system. There is no guarantee that if a sensible demand forecast is created, the creator will receive his or her goods on time. Therefore, to increase the motivation amongst the creators, it would be reasonable to pay attention to the inventory management. In the future, to be able to increase the efficiency of the demand forecast process, the company has to be able to enhance the product availability. Furthermore, it should consider other awards for the most successful forecasters, like discounts for clients and bonuses for salespeople, which would increase the eagerness to forecast.
Forecasting
Long term projections of power : political, economic and military forecasting
Forecast for the Finnish economy in 2015-2017
Overall, the outlook for the global economy has weakened slightly during the last six months. The difficulties of the emerging economies are dampening global prospects at the same time as growth in the advanced economies has even exceeded the estimated growth rate for potential output. During the forecast period (2016-2018), moderate growth in the advanced economies will continue. World trade will grow slowly, at the same pace as global GDP..
Global tourism forecasts to the year 2000 and beyond. Vol. 1, The world
Nonextrapolative methods in business forecasting : scenarios, vision, and issues management
Forecasting the output of Finnish forest industries using business survey data
Explaining small- and medium-sized failed and non-failed firms ratings with three statistical models
Building business foresight for future demands of business people
China develops, growth slows
Introductory business & economic forecasting
Cases in financial management
Global energy perspectives
Short term load forecasting in communal electric utilities
Prediction analysis
Energy consumption up to 2005
Big picture economics : how to navigate the new global economy
On the information provided by forecasting models*
The properties of market-based and survey forecasts for different data releases
Life course approach to the development of hostility and anger : family origins in childhood and unemployment in adulthood
Effect of cardiac surgery on long-term outcome : balancing between survival benefit, surgical risk and health-related quality of life
Reconstructing sea level from paleo and projected temperatures 200 to 2100 ad
Outlook for emerging economies worsened
Forecasting stockmarket volatility : a comparison of GARCH-type volatility and realized volatility
Foreword  3 Eirik Wærness, Pöyry AS  Energy and the Russian Economy  4 Laura Solanko, BOFIT  Russian Gas - Has the 2009 economic crisis changed Russian gas fundamentals?  9 Daniel Buikema Fjærtoft, Pöyry AS  Economic relations between Finland and Russia  22 Heli Simola, BOFIT  The High North and Russo-Norwegian bilateral economic relations  32 Morten Anker, Pöyry AS  A forecasting model for Russia's economy  42 Jouko Rautava, BOFIT  Reflections on Modeling the Russian Economy  49 Daniel Buikema Fjærtoft, Pöyry AS .
Demand forecast process as a part of inventory management
Summary.
Targeting inflation over the sort, medium and long term
The business forecasting deal : exposing myths, eliminating bad practices, providing practical solutions
Accurate business forecasting
Stox option volume as short-term cash return predictor
World energy outlook
World Energy Outlook 2006
Introductory business forecasting
"Poland 2050" : report
Near-term growth in the global economy and world trade will be slower than previously forecast. However, low commodity prices and the condition of the monetary economy will support global growth. Economic recovery is expected to gradually gather strength in the euro area, becoming more broadly based. Exchange rate developments to date serve to bolster the outlook for euro area growth and inflation. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, given the low price of oil. Economic growth in China has slowed, but will continue to be relatively robust..
Uncertainty in global economy has increased
Do measurement errors in GDP announcements cause output fluctuations?
What is the present situation of the economy, and in which direction is it heading? What is the present rate of economic growth? National accounts and other economic statistics offer information on the economic situation, but they are published with a considerable delay. Information on the GDP of the present quarter does not arrive until several months later. Even so, many economic decisions require the support of real-time information. Short-term forecast models, so-called nowcasting models, enable evaluation of the state of the economy before official statistics are completed..
Future trends in retailing : merchandise line trends and store trends 1980-1990
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
Prognosis of primary melanoma
Cash inflow forecasting management in a service company operatinginternationally
A Dynamic forecasting model for the Finnish pulp export price
Paradigms : the business of discovering the future
Parametric uncertainty in numerical weather prediction models
Forecast pretesting and correction
Climate projections for the Nordic CE Project : an analysis of an extended set of global and regional climate model runs
Russia's economy and imports to contract further
Forecasting probability distributions of forest yield allowing for Bayesian approach to management planning
Do humankind's best days lie ahead?
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
Forecast for 2016-2018
Tests of the efficiency of some Finnish macroeconomic forecasts : an analysis of forecast revisions
Testing an autoregressive structure in binary time series models
US Baseline briefing book : projections for agricultural and biofuel markets
Fluctuations, growth, and forecasting : the principles of dynamic business economics
The mandibles : A Family, 2029–2047
Modelling percentile based basal area weighted diameter distribution
Long-term outcome of depressive disorders in primary health care
On the profitability of using forecasts
The reliance on primary commodity exports posits a weighty problem for a large number of low-income less-developed countries, which is further aggravated by the erratic behaviour of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage models conjecture that storage behaviour engenders nonlinear commodity pricing processes. Motivated by theoretical considerations state of the art nonlinear time series models are put to the task of forecasting an important subset of primary commodities, base metals. Nonlinear models, especially feedforward artificial neural networks, meet their mettle and hence may prove useful tools from a commodity-policy standpoint by providing at least some degree of visibility.
Forecasting profit
Economic growth in Finland has been slow for a prolonged period, both historically and by international comparison. In recent years, growth has been depressed not only by the weak international economy, but also by sectoral and structural problems, such as an ageing population and lacklustre productivity development. In the forecast years 2015-2017, the economy will start to grow sluggishly as the export markets revive. The continued accommodative stance of monetary policy will also help support growth..
The effects of the Government's economic policy programme are assessed separately in this alternative scenario, as the programme is not included in the baseline forecast. The consolidation measures, if carried through, will markedly strengthen the public finances. On account of the measures, growth in the general government debt to GDP ratio will come to a halt in 2019. The effects on economic growth essentially depend on whether cost-competitiveness can also be improved. Despite the consolidation measures, the general government debt ratio resumes growth over the longer term..
The world health report 1998 : life in the 21st century, a vision for all
Sociological forecasts in city planning
Forecasting for management
Are there ecological limits to population?
