http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p329 corruption
corruption
Histories
My way : Berlusconi in his own words
She was just 17, a high school dropout named Milly Jones, found walking down the middle of the highway, engulfed in flames. Even in a tough Mississippi county like Tibbehah, it shatters the community, and it is up to Sheriff Quinn Colson, back on the job after a year away, and his deputy Lillie Virgil, to investigate what happened, and why. Before long, however, accusations start to fly; national media and federal authorities descend; and what seemed like a senseless act of violence begins to appear like something even more disturbing - with more victims waiting in the shadows.
Power, corruption and rectitude
Metro : a story of Cairo
Political bribery in Japan
Control of corruption : different tools towards similar goals : a three country comparison
The quiet game
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
Stealing cars
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1999, 1 : Organised crime : a growing threat to democracy?
The political economy of corruption in China. Julia Kwong
The boy in the snow
13th labour of Hercules : inside the Greek crisis
Corruption, development and inequality : soft touch or hard graft?
The traitor
Among thieves
Blue book of China's combating corruption and upholding intergrity : annual report on the development of China's combating corruption and upholding intergrity
The dark heart of Florence
Perhaps tomorrow
Wolfhound century
The land across
Corruption in the developed world
Anti-corruption policies in Asia and the Pacific : progress in legal and institutional reform in 25 countries
A small circus
Conflict, corruption, perception, remedies : (the role of the United Nations in war economies)
I don't like where this is going
Saints of New York
Enigma of China
Controlling corruption
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
The sorrows of Mexico
Lacy Stoltz is an investigator for the Florida Board on Judicial Conduct. She is a lawyer, not a cop, and it is her job to respond to complaints dealing with judicial misconduct. After nine years with the Board, she knows that most problems are caused by incompetence, not corruption. But a corruption case eventually crosses her desk. A previously disbarred lawyer is back in business with a new identity. He now goes by the name Greg Myers, and he claims to know of a Florida judge who has stolen more money than all other crooked judges combined. And not just crooked judges in Florida. All judges, from all states, and throughout U.S. history. What's the source of the ill-gotten gains? It seems the judge was secretly involved with the construction of a large casino on Native American land. The Coast Mafia financed the casino and is now helping itself to a sizable skim of each month's cash. The judge is getting a cut and looking the other way. It's a sweet deal: Everyone is making money. But now Greg wants to put a stop to it. His only client is a person who knows the truth and wants to blow the whistle and collect millions under Florida law. Greg files a complaint with the Board on Judicial Conduct, and the case is assigned to Lacy Stoltz, who immediately suspects that this one could be dangerous. Dangerous is one thing. Deadly is something else.
The need for a civil service reform in Nigeria
Let us fight this ugly evil : explorations into the fight against corruption in Namibia
Incentive structure, civil service efficiency and hidden economy in Nigeria
Using a Rhetorical Framework to Predict Corruption
Blood's a rover
An obedient father
Let it come down : with a preface by the author
Corruption is one of the biggest global issues, ahead of extreme poverty, unemployment, the rising cost of food and energy, climate change, and terrorism. It is thought to be one of the principal causes of poverty around the globe. Its significance in the contemporary world cannot be undervalued. In this Very Short Introduction, Leslie Holmes looks the history of corruption across the millennia and considers why the international community has only highlighted it as a problem in the past two decades. Holmes explores the phenomenon from several different perspectives, from the cultural differences affecting how corruption is defined, its impact, its various causes, and the possible remedies. Providing evidence of corruption and considering ways to address it around the world, this is an important introduction to a significant and serious global issue
The killing season
Analyzing corruption possibilities in the gaze of the media
Assessing cultural factors influencing choice of business entry mode in a developing country: Case Biolan Group and Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland in Zambia
Corruption : the enemy within
A culture of corruption : everyday deception and popular discontent in Nigeria
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Research companion to corruption in organizations
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
Exposed
Black mass : Whitey Bulger, the FBI, and a devil's deal
USSR : secrets of a corrupt society
The innocents
This paper considers the main consequences of the radical reform of public procurement in Russia carried out in 2005-2006. Using data from two surveys of manufacturing enterprises in 2005 and 2009 we show that before the reform firms with government stakes, old firms (established before 1992) and larger firms had advantages in access to government orders. Our analysis of the 2009 data demonstrated substantial growth in the share of firms participating in government procurements. Large firms retain their advantages in access to government orders. The fact of having fulfilled government orders in 2005 has a positive influence on a firm’s participation in government procurements in 2009. Estimated scales of “kickback” in 2009 were virtually the same as in 2005. Our analysis of the 2009 data also revealed that factors of active restructuring of the enterprises had no influence on the enterprises’ access to government orders. The results of our analysis enable us to conclude that the principal goals of the radical reform of public procurement in Russia were never achieved. We discuss the reasons for this failure and provide some policy implications.  Keywords: Russia, regions, corruption, government, procurement.
Corruption distance, anticorruption laws and international ownership strategies in Russia
The control of bureaucratic corruption : case studies in Asia
The golden scales
Essays on corruption
Total immunity
Corruption and market in contemporary China
Whacked
A delicate truth
The control of corruption in Nigerian government : a focus on duties and functions of an anti-corruption agency
Canary
Corruption in the education sector : the role of individual citizens in primary education governance in Tanzania
Causes of Demand for International Bribery
No money and no pressure? Policies, their implementation and implications : the case of unemployed return migrant workers in southern Jiangxi province
Corruption, development, and underdevelopment
Corruption in procurement : the economics of regulatory blackmail
The snack thief
Corruption and managing the project cycle : the role of corrupt practices in NGO cooperation in Pakistan
Fighting corruption in China : a comparative analysis of anti-corruption measures in China and Singapore
The art of the bribe : corruption under Stalin, 1943-1953
The facility
Nineteen eighty three
Drug politics : dirty mobey and democracies
Enron : the rise and fall
Sierra Leone after the war : reconstruction, aid and corruption
Cracked : why psychiatry is doing more harm than good
Sleepless : a novel
Administrative corruption and the moralization of public life : a case study of Morocco
A comparative study on the nature of public sector ethics and issue of civil service corruption : the case of teachers and police in Cameroon
Changing rules : Polish political and economic transformation in comparative perspective
With malice
Why do new, small, and potentially more market-oriented businesses still face such great difficulties in Russia?What makes the business environment for SMEs so cumbersome at the regional level? This note attempts to present and discuss possible answers in light of current economic theory.Lobbying models, the one proposed by Baldwin and Robert-Nicourt 2002 in particular, are brought up as potentially extremely useful in understanding the interplay between firms and politicians leading to uneven economic playing field. Key words: lobbying, Russia, SME .
Snow hill
Access of firms to public procurement in Russia in the 2000s : before and after radical reform of regulation
Sierra Leone After the War : Reconstruction, Aid and Corruption
Live by night
City of strangers
On the take : from petty crooks to presidents
Corruption and managing the project cycle : the role of corrupt practices in NGO funding in Pakistan
The ugly Renaissance
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
Tales of money and blood : narratives of patients constructing corruption in Tanzanian public health care
Behind God's back
Grace Scott returns from honeymoon with her new husband, Mac, to find a man lying dead in their new Edinburgh flat. They don't know who he is or where he's come from. The mystery of his identity remains unsolved. Then, three months later, Grace finds a note tucked inside one of the wedding gifts which sends her on a journey to discover what really happened in her flat. A journey that becomes more dangerous the closer she comes to the truth ...What she discovers will change her life. Set in Edinburgh and travelling to Amsterdam, Paris and Copenhagen, City of Strangers is a gripping story of deception, lies and corruption.
Greetings from New Eden : a better place to live
The shame of the cities
Culture, corruption and public management reform : perspectives on problem of ethics in the Nigerian public service
Japan under construction : corruption, politics, and public works
Imperial life in the emerald city : inside Iraq's green zone
The abduction
Hong Kong : policy initiatives against corruption : by Bertrand de Speville
Political corruption
Fuelling war or buying peace : the role of corruption in conflicts
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Infectious greed : how deceit and risk corrupted the financial markets
Why favor large incubents? / A note on lobbying in  transition
The Fix. Vol. 1, Where beagles dare
Nineteen seventy four
Swimming with sharks : my journey into the world of the bankers
Blood & beauty
Exposure : from president to whistleblower at Olympus
Explaining corruption
Political parties and network formation
Nothing is true and everything is possible : adventures in modern Russia
Corruption as the "fifth" factor of production in the Sudan
Thieves of state : why corruption threatens global security
Personal injuries
Paying back Jack
Syndromes of corruption : wealth, power, and democracy
The new lords of the rings : Olympic corruption and how to buy gold medals
Managing conflict of interest : frameworks, tools, and instruments for preventing, detecting, and managing conflict of interest : proceedings of the 5th Regional Seminar on making international anti-corruption standards operational, held in Jakarta, Indonesia on 6-7 August 2007 and hosted by the Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) Indonesia
Trash
Holy spy
Revelations
Breathe
The inside job
Cosa nostra : a history of the Sicilian mafia
Conflict of interest, corruption or (simply) scandals? : the "Oslo case" 1989-91
Latvia's anticorruption policy: problems and prospects : The study analyses the situation as at mid-december of 2001
The sting man : inside Abscam
All is silence
An assessment of the ethical dimensions that impact on corruption
Controlling corruption in Asia and the Pacific : papers presented at the 4th Regional Anti-Corruption Conference of the ADB/OECD Anti-Corruption Initiative for Asia and the Pacific, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 3-5 December 2003
Executive summary (s. xiii-xix).
Thirty ninth
Liquidator. The brand-new, delicious and wildly popular energy drink. For those who wanna win! The company that makes it is set to earn a fortune, with its global launch climaxing at an international rock concert that will shake the planet. The only problem? An innocent child is dying. Meet Vicky and her class-mates: their work experience is about to spin totally out of control as they uncover a secret that could change the world. And put them all in mortal danger...
Every student needs a part-time job. Hers is hunting criminals. Sarie Holland is a good kid. An Honours student. She doesn't even drink. So when a narcotics cop busts her while she's doing a favour for a friend, she has a lot to lose. Desperate to avoid destroying her future, she agrees to become a CI - a confidential informant. Armed only with a notebook, she turns out to be as good at catching criminals as she is at passing tests. But it's going to take more than one 19-year-old to clean up Philadelphia. Soon Sarie is caught in the middle of a power struggle between corrupt cops and warring gangs, with nothing on her side but stubbornness and smarts. Which is bad news for both the police and the underworld. Because when it comes to payback, CI #137 turns out to be a very fast learner.
Swimming with sharks : inside the world of the bankers
Fever city : a thriller
Public Finance and Corruption in a Simple Endogenous Growth Model
Enigma of China : an inspector Chen novel
The identity man
The death of Rex Nhongo
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Developing business ethics in China
Day of the dead
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
Anticorruption policy : description and answers to frequently asked questions
Criminal capital : how the finance industry facilitates crime
The whistler
A house of knives
Corruption : a very short introduction
Corruption : a study in political economy
The system
The fixer
Misconduct
Corruption
Abstract: Investors have stayed away from the African continent for a very long time and rightfully so. The continent is fraught with civil unrest from Somalia to Sudan, from Libya to Democratic Republic of Congo. Most of the countries that are experiencing civil unrests are resource-rich nations. This gives credence to the concept of 'resource curse' for resource-rich nations. Sierra Leone is no exception, having suffered an eleven-year long civil war, from 1991 to 2002, causing major setbacks for the country, from loss of lives to a disrupted economic system. However, with the speed of economic growth around the world, Africa has become an important entity with its vast natural resource deposits. The world needs Africa to fuel its economic growth, which has seen the influence and presence of China, with the fastest growing economy, see significant growth on the continent. Sierra Leone now enjoys some stability and its economy steadily growing. With the recent discovery of two oil wells off the coasts of Freetown is bound to see more FDI coming the country's way. The country also has embarked on reopening some of its mines that were closed because of the civil war. The country is expected to start negotiating for mining and exploration contracts. For the past 50 years, China has been working hard to strategically position itself in Africa and developed important bilateral relationships to maintain a strong foothold on the continent. China has become Africa's leading single donor, on a continent that largely depends on aid; this is a major advantage for the Asian giant. Western and Chinese aid are both aimed at the same goal, the UN's Millennium Development Goals (MDG). However, there are significant differences in their policies and implementations. The difference can be found in their conditions and/or what they are tied to (place or company to spend it with).
Conditions for corruption : institutions, executive power, and privatization in Argentina and Chile in the 1990s
Way back home
Divine collision : an African boy, an American lawyer, and their remarkable battle for freedom
On the discursive construction of corruption : a critical analysis of media texts
Shanghai redemption
The corruption of politics and the politics of corruption
