http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3300 stepfathers
stepfathers
A daughter's a daughter
Family man : fatherhood, housework, and gender equity
The international handbook of stepfamilies : policy and practice in legal, research, and clinical environments
Stepfamily therapy : a 10-step clinical approach
Parental leave for fathers? : gendered conceptions and practices in families with young children in Finland
The parent swap shop
King Lear
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Brave new stepfamilies : diverse paths toward stepfamily living
Fatherhood today : men's changing role in the family
The chalice and the blade : our history, our future
House of Angels
Anatomy of a disappearance
Twelve-year-old Addie tries to cope with her mother's erratic behavior and being separated from her beloved stepfather and half-sisters when she and her mother go to live in a small trailer by the railroad tracks on the outskirts of Schenectady, New York.
Fathers as primary caregivers
Waiting for normal
The secret speech
Making sense of fatherhood : gender, caring and work
The step-parents' parachute
The role of the father in child development
In search of a new kind of fatherhood
Cherry tree lane
Steve Biddulph's raising girls
The water's lovely
The ancestral lords : gender, descent, and spirits in a northern Thai village
Rad dad : dispatches from the frontiers of fatherhood
What does it mean to become a boy today? How does boyhood manifest itself in different contexts? How can we describe fathers and sons in contemporary society? And can we make the invisible boy visible in ways alternative to those of media? This publication is the outcome of an international, multidisciplinary exploration of how boys become boys and how boys form identities today. The project was global in its scope and included 24 artists and academics from Sweden, USA, Turkey, UK, Finland, New Zealand, Croatia, Nigeria, Switzerland, India, Canada and Italy have contributed to the Invisible Boy. The publication with its 20 chapters includes academic papers, video, drawings, digital images, photography and music. Combining a variety of intellectual expressions the chapters forms a joint example of multimodal explorations to further understandings of complex matters such as gendered identity making. The contributions are organised in four themes: Negotiating Identity, Bodily Existence, Boyhood Interrupted, and Gender and Contemporary Media.
The forgotten waltz
The typical American family has changed dramatically since the days of "Ozzie and Harriet" and "Father Knows Best." Double-income families are now the rule, and fathers are much more involved in raising the children and cleaning house. Reactions to these changes have been diverse, ranging from grave misgivings to a sense of liberation and new possibility. Groups as diverse as Promise Keepers, the Million Man March, and Robert Bly's mythopoetic men's movement tell us that fathers are important. From the fundamentalist right to the feminist left, opinions about the changing nature of the family--and the consequent rethinking of gender roles--have been vehement, if not always very well-founded. In Family Man, sociologist Scott Coltrane brings a wealth of compelling evidence to this debate over the American family. Drawing on his own extensive research and many fascinating interviews, Coltrane explodes many of the common myths about shared parenting, provides first-hand accounts of men's and women's feelings in two-job families, and reveals some innovative solutions that couples have developed to balance job and family commitments. Readers will find an insightful discussion of precisely how and why family life has changed, what forms it may take in the future, and what new kinds of fathers may be on the horizon.
Stepdads : stories of love, hope, and repair
This book is a sociological review of stepfamily life, examining the particular issues and challenges which people in stepfamilies face. Combining published studies and original fieldwork, it focuses on the internal dynamics of stepfamily households as well as the relationships sustained with those outside the household.
Age of consent : a novel
The Spy next door
Life is sweet : six fabulous chocolate box stories
Billy Elliot
Intimate fathers : the nature and context of Aka Pygmy paternal infant care
"Today more than ever, fatherhood demands constant improvisation, risk, and struggle. With grace, honesty, and strength, Rad Dad's writers tackle all the issues that other parenting guides are afraid to touch: the brutalities, beauties, and politics of the birth experience, the challenges of parenting on an equal basis with mothers, the tests faced by transgendered and gay fathers, the emotions of sperm donation, and parental confrontations with war, violence, racism, and incarceration. Rad Dad is for every father out in the real world trying to parent in ways that are loving, meaningful, authentic, and ultimately revolutionary."
Silent boy
Reshaping fatherhood : the social construction od shared parenting
Did I mention I love you?
You don't know me
The year of the rat
One day at a time
The fall
Stepparenting : issues in theory, research, and practice
Four children and It
Father and daughter : patriarchy, gender, and social science
Cherry crush
Supporting parenthood in interaction : a conversation analytic study of maternity and child health clinics
The man who never was : Freudian tales
This book provides a unique social science reading on the construction of nation, gender and sexuality and on the interactions among them. It includes international case studies from Indonesia, Ireland, former Yugoslavia, Liberia, Sri Lanka, Australia, the USA, Turkey, China, India and the Caribbean. The contributors offer both the masculine and feminine perspective, exposing how nations are comprised of sexed bodies, and exploring the gender ironies of nationalism and how sexuality plays a key role in nation building and in sustaining national identity. The contributors conclude that control over access to the benefits of belonging to the nation is invariably gendered; nationalism becomes the language through which sexual control and repression is justified and masculine prowess is expressed and exercised. Whilst it is men who claim the prerogatives of nation and nation building it is, for the most part, women who actually accept the obligation of nation and nation building. Contributors all based at US universities.
Invisible Boy : the making of contemporary masculinities
Raising boys : why boys are different - and how to help them become happy and well-balanced men
Fathers : reflections by daughters
Gender and fatherhood in the nineteenth century
Gender ironies of nationalism : sexing the nation
This project is an attempt to challenge the canonical gender concept while trying to specify what gender was in the medieval and early modern world. Despite the emphasis on individual, identity and difference that past research claims, much of this history still focuses on hierarchical or dichotomous paring of masculinity and femininity (or male and female). The emphasis on differences has been largely based on the research of such topics as premarital sex, religious deviance, rape and violence; these are topics that were, in the early modern society, criminal or at least easily marginalizing. The central focus of the book is to test, verify and challenge the methodology and use the concept(s) of gender specifically applicable to the period of great change and transition. The volume contains two theoretical sections supplemented by case-studies of gender through specific practices such as mysticism, witchcraft, crime, and legal behaviour. The first section, Concepts , analyzes certain useful notions, such as patriarchy and morality. The second section, Identities , seeks to deepen this analysis into the studies of female identities in various situations, cultures and dimensions and to show the fluidity and flexibility of what is called femininity nowadays. The third part, Practises , seeks to rethink the bigger narratives through the case-studies coming from Northern Europe to see how conventional ideas of gender did not work in this particular region. The case studies also challenge the established narratives in such well-research historiographies as witchcraft and sexual offences and at the same time suggest new insights for the developing fields of study, such as history of homicide.
Fathers' use of parental leave in Estonia
Stepfamily relationships : development, dynamics, and interventions
A daughter's a daughter : a Mary Westmacott novel
Stepfamilies : history, research, and policy
The followers
The dolphin people
Southern lights
Gender in late medieval and early modern Europe
Four children and it
Father, lover, hero . . . we all have powerful images of "manhood," visions of dream and nightmare. Why do we cling to them so strongly? What harm do they do to us? How can we put it right? To bring these vital issues to life, therapist Janet Sayers tells us stories -- 15 case studies that show both sexes acting out different male stereotypes -- pervert, tomboy, wimp, tough-guy, or Superman. They also trace the way these figures fuel depression, obsessive behavior, or severe, schizoid break-up of personality. These powerful modern tales urge us to make ourselves conscious of our deep, imagined ideas of men and masculinity.
Women and the ancestors : black Carib kinship and ritual
