http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3305 spiritual growth
spiritual growth
In her latest book, The Universe Has Your Back,New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live.  Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power.  Gabrielle says, "My commitment with this book is to wake up as many people as possible to their connection to faith and joy. In that connection, we can be guided to our true purpose: to be love and spread love. These words can no longer be cute buzz phrases that we merely post on social media. Rather, these words must be our mission. The happiness, safety, and security we long for lies in our commitment to love."   When readers follow this path, they'll begin to feel a swell of energy move through them. They will find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain. Follow the secrets revealed in this book to unleash the presence of your power and know always that The Universe Has Your Back.
The tree of yoga : the definitive guide to yoga in everyday life
Loss of a loved one
Wishes fulfilled : mastering the art of manifesting
Healing in golden Atlantis
Chakra meditation : Transformation through the seven energy centers of the body
The five levels of attachment : Toltec wisdom for the modern world
Grace, guidance & gifts : sacred blessings to light your way
In her latest book New York Times bestselling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live. Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power. When readers practice the tools in this book, they'll begin to find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain.
Mandalas for meditation
The people dynamic : changing self and society through growth groups
Meditation & dreamwork
40 days : an account of a discipline
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
On death and dying : what the dying have to teach doctors, nurses, clergy and their own families
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
The magic path of intuition
The artist's way workbook
The shift : finding your life's purpose
The divine matrix : bridging time, space, miracles, and belief
Summary.
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
The shift : taking your life from ambition to meaning
Change your life, change the world : a spiritual guide to living now
Facets of unity : the enneagram of holy ideas
You can heal your life
Power vs. force : the hidden determinants of human behavior
Everyday you : create your day with joy and mindfulness
How to see yourself as you really are
Ugly shy girl
Self-completion : keys to the meaningful life
The adolescent spurt in mental grawth
The alchemist
Yoga Bitch
The secret of your immortal self : key lessons for realizing the divinity within
Handbook of moral and character education
In the middle of this road we call our life : the courage to search for something more
Experience your good now! : Learning to use affirmations
Everything that remains : a memoir by the minimalists
The body and emotions in spiritual formation
Believe, ask, act : divine steps to raise your intuition, create change, and discover happiness
Human capital, dynamic inefficiency and economic growth
Budo mind and body : training secrets of the Japanese martial arts
Angel answers : what the angels can teach us about the world we live in
The celestine prophecy : an experiential guide
The shadow effect : illuminating the hidden power of your true self : 2 DVD special interactive edition
Now is the time to open your heart : a novel
Mindfulness for beginners : reclaiming the present moment - and your life
The power of now : a guide to spiritual enlightenment
Yoga for real life
Mindfulness for dummies
Health financing mechanisms, access to health and economic growth
Your secret self : illuminating the mysteries of the Twelfth House
The year with angels : a guide to living lovingly through the seasons
Living, loving & learning
Meditation : practicing presence in every moment of your life
Chakra awakening : transform your reality using crystals, color, aromatherapy & the power of positive thought
The light inside the dark : zen, soul, and the spiritual life
Tarot for self discovery
Life lessons : how our mortality can teach us about life and living
Care of the soul : a guide for cultivating depth and sacredness in everyday life
Silent mind golf : how to empty your mind and play golf instinctively
The pilgrimage
Something like love
The tree of yoga : yoga vrksa
The archangel guide to ascension : 55 steps to the light
Practicing the power of now : essential teachings, meditations, and exercises from The power of now
Escaping toxic guilt : five proven steps to free yourself from guilt for good!
Adultery : a novel
A year of miracles : daily devotions and reflections
Ghost boy : the miraculous escape of a misdiagnosed boy trapped inside his own body
The universe has your back : how to feel safe and trust your life no matter what
Manual of the warrior of light
I am the word : a guide to the consciousness of man's self in a transitioning time : a channeled text
Self power : spiritual solutions to life's greatest challenges
Fragments of reality : daily entries of lived life
Ancient Egyptian celestial healing : the source codes for high frequency
10 secrets for success and inner peace
A little light on ascension
Deliberate receiving : finally, the universe makes some freakin' sense!
The Karma Release Meditation
A piece of the quiet : instant peace and quiet for a noisy, non-stop world
Kabbalah for life : how to use the power and wisdom of this ancient tradition
Oresama teacher. Vol. 6
Path of light : growing spiritually
The adolescent spurt in mental growth
To think or not to think
When you're falling, dive : using your pain to transform your life
Self-esteem for dummies
The four faces of woman : restoring your authentic power, recovering your eternal beauty
The color of absence : 12 stories about loss and hope
Personal development all in one for dummies
Who do you think you are? : an introduction to self-discovery
"What if everything you ever wanted isn't what you actually want? Twenty-something, suit-clad, and upwardly mobile, Joshua Fields Millburn thought he had everything anyone could ever want. Until he didn't anymore. Blindsided by the loss of his mother and his marriage in the same month, Millburn started questioning every aspect of the life he had built for himself. Then, he accidentally discovered a lifestyle known as minimalism ... and everything started to change. In the pursuit of looking for something more substantial than compulsory consumption and the broken American Dream, he jettisoned most of his material possessions, paid off loads of crippling debt, and walked away from his six-figure career. So, when everything was gone, what was left? Not a how-to book but a why-to book, Everything That Remains is the touching, surprising story of what happened when one young man decided to let go of everything and begin living more deliberately. Heartrending, uplifting, and deeply personal, this engrossing memoir is peppered with insightful (and often hilarious) interruptions by Ryan Nicodemus, Millburn's best friend of twenty years." / Worldcat.
Shakti mantras : Tapping into the Great Goddess Energy Within
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Music and the elemental psyche
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Inside-out wellness : the wisdom of mind/body healing
What we may be : techniques for psychological and spiritual growth through psychosynthesis
The power of your spirit : a guide to joyful living
What does that mean? : exploring mind, meaning and mysteries
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
Advice from a failure
The 7 habits of highly effective people
Peaceful warrior : the graphic novel
The universe has your back : transform fear to faith
The subtle art of not giving a f*ck : A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life
Alkuajatus = the original thought : the little manual of life
The little book of big promises : a three-step process for uncovering your soul's plan
Let your spirit guides speak : a simple guide for a life of purpose, abundance and joy
The Codes of Power Meditation
