http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p330 urban sociology
urban sociology
Globalization and the changing U.S. city
Centrality and cities
Urban anthropology : the cross-cultural study of complex societies
Urban sustainability in theory and practice : circles of sustainability
The urban villagers : group and class in the life of Italian-Americans
Exploring the city with Bourdieu : applying Pierre Bourdieu's theories and methods to study the community
An approach to urban sociology
Planning sustainable cities : policy directions : global report on human settlements 2009
Reshaping a city
On cities and social life : selected papers
Urban theology : a reader
The social complexity of the housing sector in Swedish metropolitan areas
The politics of civic space in Asia : building urban communities
Crisis and order in English towns 1500-1700 : essays in urban history
City lights : urban-suburban life in the global society
Urban sociology : a systematic approach
Urban world/global city
Cities and society : the revised Reader in urban sociology
Whitetown USA
Middletown in transition : a study in cultural conflicts
Securing the city : neoliberalism, space, and insecurity in postwar Guatemala
Problems of an urban society. 3, Planning for change
Floating city : a rogue sociologist lost and found in New York's underground economy
Cities of difference
Mega-city growth and the future
Rush hour : how 500 million commuters survive the daily journey to work
Urbanization and urban policies in Namibia : a discussion paper prepared for the Annual Meeting of the Association of Local Authorities in Namibia
Crestwood heights
Chicago : metropolis of the mid-continent
The urban experience
Five towns : a comparative community study
The informed city : urban planning at the border of culture and technology
Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya : negotiating urban space in Malaysia
Urban life : Readings in urban anthropology
Urban assemblages : how actor-network theory changes urban studies
The emerging city : myth and reality
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
City form and everyday life : Toronto's gentrification and critical social prectice
Advertising and the European city : historical perspectives
The entrepreneurial city : geographies of politics, regime and representation
The city : a global history
The mediterranean city in transition : social change and urban development
Urban dreams and realities in antiquity : remains and representations of the ancient city
Explores how and why civic spaces are used by different communities in Asia and what role urban governance and public participation play in the support or demise of communities. This book provides insights into the importance and value of civic space. It is suitable for those interested in urban planning, urban design, as well as Asian studies.
The living city : towards a sustainable future : [papers presented at the Seminar on Future Cities held at Oxford Polytechnic in 1987]
Implosions/explosions : towards a study of planetary urbanization
What connects the Baltimore Washington International Airport and South Korea's Songdo International Business District? What are the cultural narratives that unfold from their bold visions of mobility and of the city in transit and transition? Put another way, what are the relations between modernity, mobile lifestyles, and urban spaces as we move deeper into what the French sociologist Marc Augé has called the age of 'supermodernity'? Perhaps more importantly, are there alternative ways of thinking about mobility and the future of society in a rapidly shrinking, globally interconnected and, at the same time, socially and culturally divided world?
Urban social exclusion in the European Union : concepts, causes and prospects
Urban achievement in early modern Europe : golden ages in Antwerp, Amsterdam, and London
Sensing cities : regenerating public life in Barcelona and Manchester
Humanising the city? : social contexts of urban life at the turn of the millennium
John Chrysostom and the transformation of the city
Cities and suburbs : an introduction to urban sociology
Urban social research : problems and prospects
Urbanism, urbanization, and change: comparative perspectives
On the city : physical pattern and social structure : selected writings
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Writing the city : urban visions & literary modernism
The social fabric of the metropolis : contributions of the Chicago School of urban sociology
Transforming cities
Handbook of contemporary urban life
The sociology of urban living
Social work practice in nontraditional urban settings
The limits of the city
Transnationalism in the global city
The SAGE companion to the city
Urbanization in Asia and the Far East : proceedings of the Joint UN/Unesco Seminar (in co-operation with the International Labour Office) on urbanization in the ECAFE Region, Bangkok, 8-18 August, 1956
Higashi Ajia no toshi keitai to bunmeishi = Urban morphology and the history of civilization in East Asia
Urban sociology : society, locality and human nature
The French new towns
Encyclopedia of urban cultures : cities and cultures around the world. Volume 1
Urban transformation : understanding city design and form
Political legitimacy and housing : stakeholding in Singapore
The new urban sociology
The discipline of urban ethnography
Place matters : Metropolitics for the twenty-first century
Communities and networks : using social network analysis to rethink urban and community studies
The suburbanization of New York : is the world's greatest city becoming just another town?
Black Metropolis : a study of negro life in a northern city
The changing structure of the city : what happened to the urban crisis
The Urban prospect
Power and crisis in the city : corporations, unions and urban policy
Productive uncertainty : indeterminacy in spatial design, planning and management = Productieve onzekerheid : het onvoorziene in planning, ontwerp en beheer
As African societies come to live more and more in cities, they do so in ways that challenge prevailing theories and models of urban development in geography, sociology, anthropology, and planning. This book uses African urban concepts and experiences to speak back to theoretical and practical concerns in urban studies and disciplines that study cities, as well as in African studies. It argues for a revision- a seeing again, and a revising- of how cities in Africa are discussed and written about in both urban studies and African studies. Cities in Africa still are either ignored, banished to a different, other, lesser category of not-quite cities, or held up as examples of all that can go wrong with urbanism in much of both the mainstream and even critical urban literature. This book encourages African studies and urban studies scholars across the world to engage with the vibrancy and complexity of African cities with fresh eyes. It uses the author's own research and a close reading of works by other scholars, writers, and artists on a broad range of sixteen cities in Africa to highlight six themes that help illuminate what is happening in and across the region's cities.
City, class and capital : new developments in the political economy of cities and regions
Inequality in American Communities
The sociology of cities
Living the urban challenge : sustainable development and social sustainability in two southern megacities
The sociology of housing : studies at Berinsfield
The well-tempered city : what modern science, ancient civilizations, and human nature teach us about the future of urban life
The middle classes and the city : a study of Paris and London
Urban social geography : an introduction
Desegregating the city : ghettos, enclaves, and inequality
Cities and urban life
Readings in urban sociology
City A -Z
Aramis or the love of technology
Urban sociology : contemporary readings
The emancipatory city? : paradoxes and possibilities
Rebels and gentlemen : Philadelphia in the age of Franklin
City of quartz : excavating the future in Los Angeles
Encyclopedia of urban cultures : cities and cultures around the world. Volume 4
The red city : Limoges and the French nineteenth century
The sociology of urban life
Community resilience and environmental transitions
Jigsaw cities : big places, small spaces
African cities: alternative visions of urban theory and practice
Urban governance : Britain and beyond since 1750
Assimilating Seoul : Japanese rule and the politics of public space in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Urban identity : learning from place 2
"As China is increasingly integrated into the processes of economic, political, social, and cultural globalization, important questions arise about how Chinese people perceive and evaluate such processes. At the same time, international communication scholars have long been interested in how local, national, and transnational media communications shape people's attitudes and values. Combining these two concerns, this book examines a range of questions pertinent to public opinion toward globalization in urban China: To what degree are the urban residents in China exposed to the influences from the outside world? How many transnational social connections does a typical urban Chinese citizen have? How often do they consume foreign media? To what extent are they aware of the notion of globalization, and what do they think about it? Do they believe that globalization is beneficial to China, to the city where they live, and to them personally? How do people's social connections and communication activities shape their views toward globalization and the outside world? This book tackles these and other questions systematically by analyzing a four-city comparative survey of urban Chinese residents, demonstrating the complexities of public opinion in China. Media consumption does relate, though by no means straightforwardly, to people's attitudes and beliefs, and this book provides much needed information and insights about Chinese public opinion on globalization. It also develops fresh conceptual and empirical insights on issues such as public opinion toward US-China relations, Chinese people's nationalistic sentiments, and approaches to analyze attitudes toward globalization"--
Urban society
Marxism and the city
Postmodern cities and spaces
Hack the city : take control
The anthropology of lower income urban enclaves : the case of East Harlem
Social problems in modern urban society
Between community empowerment and elitist corporatism : the struggle about urban policy in Copenhagen
Culture and mobility
Squatter citizen : life in the urban third world
The death and life of great American cities
The city and social theory
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
Reader in urban sociology
A tale of two cities : global change, local feeling and everyday life in the North of England : a study in Manchaster and Sheffield
The car and the city : the automobile, the built environment and daily urban life
Town in the Ruhr : a social history of Bochum, 1860-1914
Zeropolis : the experience of Las Vegas
Small town Africa : studies in rural-urban interaction
Cities and immigrants : A geography of change in nineteenth-century America
Man and his urban environment : a sociological approach
The parlour and the suburb : domestic identities, class, femininity and modernity
Contemporary urban sociology
Everyday life in Viking-age towns : social approaches to towns in England and Ireland, c. 800-1100
The conscience of the eye : the design and social life of cities
Long-term plan for Tokyo metropolis : "My town Tokyo" : heading into the 21st century
Social theory for planning
The human consequences of urbanisation : divergent paths in the urban experience of the twentieth century
Low living and high thinking at Modern Times, New York
The city
Megalopolis : the giant city in history
Rogue urbanism : emergent African cities
Communication, public opinion, and globalization in urban China
Understanding the city : contemporary and future perspectives
Social theory and the urban question
Building the South Side : urban space and civic culture in Chicago, 1890-1919
Urban problems : psychological inquiries : readings and text
City, class and power
"Exploring the City with Bourdieu is a study of social structures, lifestyles and socio-cultural change of Stavanger. The time period covered is the last thirty years when oil activities became the major economic venture. At the end of the 1960s, Stavanger was a poor city. Today it is prospering as a result of the impact of the oil industry. It has become the oil capital of Norway. The book examines this city using the analytic framework outlined by Pierre Bourdieu in Distinction (1984). The study provides a practical illustration of how this approach may be applied to study complex social formations. It offers a theoretical chart and methodological instruments for readers wishing to understand social structures and change in today's world. The study brings forth very different imageries of a society in change than dominating views of "postmodern disorder". Underneath the apparent flux there are social regularities to be revealed that encompass social positions, personal dispositions as well as spatial, geographical structures."--P. [4] of cover.
Middletown : a study in American culture
Las Vegas: the social production of an all-American city
London : the biography
On the city : Physical pattern and social structure. Sel. writings
The Georgian town, 1680-1840
Encyclopedia of urban cultures : cities and cultures around the world. Volume 2
Urban sociology : critical essays
Walking in cities : quotidian mobility as urban theory, method, and practice
Social innovations in the urban context
Urban sociology : images and structure
Urbanization and development : multidisciplinary perspectives
Encyclopedia of urban cultures : cities and cultures around the world. Volume 3
Urban sociology
Urban mortality change in England and Germany, 1870-1913
Social change, suburban lives : an Australian Newtown 1960s to 1990s
Spatial practices : critical explorations in social/spatial theory
London's underworld : being selections from 'Those that will not work' the fourth volume of 'London labour and the London poor'
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Learning, innovation, and urban evolution
History of forgetting : Los Angeles and the erasure of memory
The new urban reality
This publication assesses the effectiveness of urban planning as a tool for dealing with the unprecedented challenges facing 21st-century cities and for enhancing sustainable urbanization.There is now a realization that, in many parts of the world, urban planning systems have changed very little and are often contributors to urban problems rather than functioning as tools for human and environmental improvement. Against this background, the global report's central argument is that, in most parts of the world, current approaches to planning must change and that a new role for urban planning in sustainable urban development has to be found.--Publisher's description.
Complex organizations and urban communities
Politics and society in Nottingham 1785-1835
Suburban alchemy : 1960s new towns and the transformation of the American dream
Citizen's right to the digital city : urban interfaces, activism, and placemaking
Post-cosmopolitan cities : explorations of urban coexistence
Imagining cities : scripts, signs, memory
In 1970, the influential French Marxist philosopher and sociologist Henri Lefebvre published a book titled The Urban Revolution, in which he advanced the hypothesis that "society has been completely urbanized." By this, Lefebvre meant that the process of urbanization creates the conditions for capitalism--rather than urbanization being an outcome of the circulation of capital--and that the consequences of this process therefore extended far beyond actual cities. Compiling both classic and contemporary essays on the "urbanization question," this book explores the various theoretical, epistemological and political implications of Lefebvre℗♭œ́s claim, with a series of analytical and cartographic interventions that reach beyond the conventional binaries of the topic (urban/rural, city/non-city, society/nature) in order to investigate the uneven implosions and explosions of capitalist urbanization across the globe--and what Lefebvre famously termed (in his book of the same name) "the production of space."
Social economy of the metropolis : cognitive-cultural capitalism and the global resurgence of cities
Neighborhood Tokyo
"Cities are home to the most consequential current attempts at human adaptation and they provide one possible focus for the flourishing of life on this planet. However, for this to be realized in more than an ad hoc way, a substantial rethinking of current approaches and practices needs to occur. Urban Sustainability in Theory and Practice responds to the crises of sustainability in the world today by going back to basics. It makes four major contributions to thinking about and acting upon cities. It provides a means of reflexivity learning about urban sustainability in the process of working practically for positive social development and projected change. It challenges the usually taken-for-granted nature of sustainability practices while providing tools for modifying those practices. It emphasizes the necessity of a holistic and integrated understanding of urban life. Finally it rewrites existing dominant understandings of the social whole such as the triple-bottom line approach that reduce environmental questions to externalities and social questions to background issues. The book is a much-needed practical and conceptual guide for rethinking urban engagement.Covering the full range of sustainability domains and bridging discourses aimed at academics and practitioners, this is an essential read for all those studying, researching and working in urban geography, sustainability assessment, urban planning, urban sociology and politics, sustainable development and environmental studies"--
Education policy, space, and the city : markets and the (in)visibility of race
Possible urban worlds : urban strategies at the end of the 20th century
Squatters into citizens : the 1961 Bukit Ho Swee fire and the making of modern Singapore
Where does the city without gates begin? Perhaps inside that fugitive anxiety, that shudder that seizes the minds of those who, just returning from a long vacation, contemplate the imminent encounter with mounds of unwanted mail or with a house that's been broken into and emptied of its contents. It begins with the urge to flee and escape for a second from an oppressive techlogical environment, to regain one's senses and one's sense of self. Originally written in French in 1983, Lost Dimension remains a cornerstone book in the work of Paul Virilio: the one most closely tied to his background as an urban planner and architect, and the one that most clearly anticipates the technologically wired urban space we live in today: a city of permanent transit and internalized borders, where time has overtaken space, and where telecommunications has replaced both our living and our working environments. We are living in the realm of the lost dimension, where the three-dimensional public square of our urban past has collapsed into the two-dimensional interface of the various screens that function as gateways to home, office, and public spaces, be they the flat-screen televisions on our walls, the computer screens on our desktops, or the smartphones in our pockets. In this multidisciplinary tapestry of contemporary physics, architecture, aesthetic theory, and sociology, Virilio describes the effects of today's hyperreality on our understanding of space. Having long since passed the opposition of city and country, and city and suburb, the speed-ridden city and space of today are an opposition between the madic and the sedentary: a web of interactive, informational networks that turn our world into a prison-house of illusory transcendence.
Residential segregation in comparative perspective : making sense of contextual diversity
The secular city : secularization and urbanization in theological perspective
Challenges of urban education
Water and Roman urbanism : towns, waterscapes, land transformation and experience in Roman Britain
Police, policing, policy and the city in Europe
City
Inventer la ville : l'oeuvre collective = Inventing the city : the collective work
"This is the urban century in which, for the first time, the majority of people live in towns and cities. Understanding how people influence, and are influenced by, the 'green' component of these environments is therefore of enormous significance. Providing an overview of the essentials of urban ecology, the book begins by covering the vital background concepts of the urbanisation process and the effect that it can have on ecosystem functions and services. Later sections are devoted to examining how species respond to urbanisation, the many facets of human-ecology interactions, and the issues surrounding urban planning and the provision of urban green spaces. Drawing on examples from urban settlements around the world, it highlights the progress to date in this burgeoning field, as well as the challenges that lie ahead"--
Ethnography unbound : power and resistance in the modern metropolis
This book addresses the practice of social innovation, which is currently very much in the public eye. New ideas and approaches are needed to tackle the severe and wicked problems with which contemporary societies are struggling. Especially in times of economic crisis, social innovation is regarded as one of the crucial elements needed to move forward. Our knowledge of its dynamics has significantly progressed, thanks to an abundance of studies on social innovation both general and sector-specific. However, despite the valuable research conducted over the past years, the systematic analysis of social innovation is still contested and incomplete. The questions asked in the book will be the following: 1. What is the nature of social innovations? 2.What patterns can be identified in social innovations emerging at the local level? 3.How is the emergence and spread of social innovations related to urban governance? More precisely, which conditions and arrangements facilitate and hinders social innovation? We explore these questions using different types of data and methods, and studying different contexts. In particular, we focus on innovations that aim at solving problems of the young unemployed, single parents and migrants. This analysis is based on original research carried out in the period 2010-2013 in the framework of a European project with a specific empirical research strategy. Research was carried out in 20 cities in 10 different European countries.
A geography of urban places : selected readings
New city life
Social polarization and the crisis of the welfare state : the case of Stockholm
Private cities : global and local perpectives
"This book responds to the crises of sustainability in the world today by going back to basics. It makes four major contributions to thinking about and acting upon cities. It provides a means of reflexivity learning about urban sustainability in the process of working practically for positive social development and projected change. It challenges the usually taken-for-granted nature of sustainability practices while providing tools for modifying those practices. It emphasizes the necessity of a holistic and integrated understanding of urban life. Finally it rewrites existing dominant understandings of the social whole such as the triple-bottom line approach that reduce environmental questions to externalities and social questions to background issues. The book is a practical and conceptual guide for rethinking urban engagement"--
The mega-city in Latin-America
Urban ecology
