http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3301 stepmothers
stepmothers
Princess Winter, admired by the Lunar people for her grace and kindness, teams up with the cyborg mechanic, Cinder, and her allies, to defeat Queen Levana and find their happily ever afters / WolrdCat.
Life is sweet : six fabulous chocolate box stories
Hansel and Gretel
The parent swap shop
Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs
Dead time
Anatomy of a disappearance
Motherhood : meanings, practices and ideologies
Mystery of mothers on the labour market : comparison of the differences in labour market participation of married mothers with small children in Germany and Finland during the 1990's
Amy & Isabelle : a novel
Yaay-sheen = Yeh-hsien
The stepmothers diary
Mother entrepreneurs : combining family and business in practice
The missing link
Wives and daughters
One day at a time
Stepparenting : issues in theory, research, and practice
A Cinderella story : if the shoe fits
The queen's tale
Boy, snow, bird
Ambiguous visions of motherland, exilic identities and of diasporic belongin : in Marina Warner's Indigo
Four children and it
Stepfamilies : history, research, and policy
Stepfamily therapy : a 10-step clinical approach
Princess Winter is admired by the Lunar people for her grace and kindness, and despite the scars that mar her face, her beauty is said to be even more breathtaking than that of Queen Levana, her stepmother. Winter despises her stepmother, and knows Levana won't approve of her feelings for her childhood friend Jacin, the handsome palace guard. But Winter is not as weak as Levana believes her to be and she has been undermining her stepmother's wishes for years. Together with Cinder, the cyborg mechanic, and her allies, Winter might even have the power to launch a revolution and win a war that's been raging for far too long. Can Cinder, Scarlet, Cress, and Winter defeat Levana and find their happily ever afters?
Snow white & the huntsman : a novel
The stepmonster
Four children and It
"After crossing oceans, a man and a boy arrive in a new land. Here they are each assigned a name and an age, and held in a camp in the desert while they learn Spanish, the language of their new country. As Simon and David they make their way to the relocation centre in the city of Novilla, where officialdom treats them politely but not necessarily helpfully. Simon finds a job in a grain wharf. The work is unfamiliar and backbreaking, but he soon warms to his stevedore comrades, who during breaks conduct philosophical dialogues on the dignity of labour, and generally take him to their hearts. Now he must set about his task of locating the boy's mother. Though like everyone else who arrives in this new country he seems to be washed clean of all traces of memory, he is convinced he will know her when he sees her. And indeed, while walking with the boy in the countryside Simon catches sight of a woman he is certain is the mother, and persuades her to assume the role. David's new mother comes to realise that he is an exceptional child, a bright, dreamy boy with highly unusual ideas about the world. But the school authorities detect a rebellious streak in him and insist he be sent to a special school far away. His mother refuses to yield him up, and it is Simon who must drive the car as the trio flees across the mountains. The Childhood of Jesus is a profound, beautiful and continually surprising novel from a very great writer." --Dust jacket.
Cherry crush
Lizzy lives with her father, Julian, and her brother, Ig, in North London. Two years ago her mother died, leaving in her trail a family bereft by her absence and a house still filled with her things: for Margaret was lively, beautiful, fun, loving; she kept the family together. So Lizzy thinks. Then, one day, Lizzy finds a letter from a stranger to her father, and discovers he has another child. Lizzy invites her into their world in an act of outraged defiance. Almost immediately, she realises her mistake. LOOK AT ME is a deft exploration of family, grief, and the delicate balance between moving forward and not quite being able to leave someone behind. It is an acute portrayal of how familial upheaval can cause misunderstanding and madness, damaging those you love most.
A family saga set in 1950s Liverpool, the first novel from Nadine Dorries MP. 1950s Liverpool. In the tight-knit Irish Catholic community of the Four Streets, two girls are growing up. One is motherless and hated by the cold woman who is determined to take her dead mother's place. Will her adored father wake up to what is happening before it is too late? The other is hiding a dreadful secret which she dare not let slip to anyone, lest it rips the heart out of the community. And yet, how long can she possibly live with it? In the Four Streets there is almost nothing that a cup of tea and a good chat won't sort out. Laughing, grieving, hoping for better things all this the people of the Four Streets can do together. But what can they do when a betrayal at the very heart of their world comes to light?
When my heart was wicked
The making of the modern family
Ties that bind : essays on mothering and patriarchy
The Four Streets
Birth of an adoptive, foster or stepmother : beyond biological mothering attachments
Winter shadows : a novel
Married with baggage
Stepfamily relationships : development, dynamics, and interventions
The stepmother
The possible lives of Matleena Herajärvi : a poor woman's position in Northern Finland in the nineteenth century
The step-parents' parachute
Brave new stepfamilies : diverse paths toward stepfamily living
Japanese femininities
Southern lights
This book is a sociological review of stepfamily life, examining the particular issues and challenges which people in stepfamilies face. Combining published studies and original fieldwork, it focuses on the internal dynamics of stepfamily households as well as the relationships sustained with those outside the household.
The childhood of Jesus
Aspects of the feminine
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
The international handbook of stepfamilies : policy and practice in legal, research, and clinical environments
A small part of history
Kushiel's Scion : Treason's heir: book one
Why women don't have wives : professional success and motherhood
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Look at me
Fairy tale mothers
Supporting parenthood in interaction : a conversation analytic study of maternity and child health clinics
Mothers and such : views of American women and why they changed
The Patchwork marriage
The stepmother's diary
Snow White and the seven dwarfs
