http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3304 self-education
self-education
Better than before : what I learned about making and breaking habits : to sleep more, quit sugar, procrastinate less, and generally build a happier life
Escaping toxic guilt : five proven steps to free yourself from guilt for good!
Across the bridge
Wall Street technology strategist Caroline Arnold's guide to turning broad personal goals into meaningful and discrete behavioral changes that lead to permanent improvement, featuring real-world examples and recent scientific findings
Shape your self : my 6-step diet and fitness plan to achieve the best shape of your life
The power of positive thinking
The gratitude diaries : how a year looking on the bright side transformed my life
The worry cure : stop worrying and start living
Experience your good now! : Learning to use affirmations
How to get what you want and want what you have
The shift : finding your life's purpose
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
A curious mind : the secret to a bigger life
Brilliant NLP : what the most successful people know, do and say
Anders Ericsson has spent thirty years studying The Special Ones, the geniuses, sports stars and musical prodigies. And his remarkable finding, revealed in Peak, is that their special abilities are acquired through training. The innate gift of talent is a myth. Exceptional individuals are born with just one unique ability, shared by us all the ability to develop our brains and bodies through our own efforts.
Letters to Cathy
Mandalas for meditation
Life lessons : how our mortality can teach us about life and living
Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back. Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his­tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con­quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well. In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.
Women, food, and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
Are you really listening? : keys to succesful communication
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the world overwhelms you
The magic of thinking big
Why do I think I am nothing without a man?
Transform your life : 10 steps to real results
Mindfulness for dummies
Change one thing! : make one change and embrace a happier, more successful you
Abundance now : amplify your life and achieve prosperity today
The power of no : take back your life with a two-letter word
Through music to the self : how to appreciate and experience music anew
Emotional healing : complementary solutions for a stress-free life
Playing big : a practical guide for brilliant women like you
Real life : preparing for the 7 most challenging days of your life
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Practicing the power of now : essential teachings, meditations, and exercises from The power of now
The body has its reasons : self awareness through conscious movement
Your killer emotions : the 7 steps to mastering the toxic emotions, urges, and impulses that sabotage you
The power of now : a guide to spiritual enlightenment
Small move, big change : using microresolutions to transform your life permanently
Life ahead : on learning and the search for meaning
Budo mind and body : training secrets of the Japanese martial arts
Life strategies : doing what works, doing what matters
Woulda, coulda, shoulda : overcoming regrets, mistakes, and missed opportunities
The goddess guide : from the practical to the frivolous, the fun to the profound, the stylish to the surprising..
Tiny Buddha's guide to loving yourself : 40 ways to transform your inner critic and your life
Meditation : practicing presence in every moment of your life
Overcoming your parents' divorce : 5 steps to a happy relationship
Survive the worst and aim for the best
One small step can change your life : the kaizen way
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow and finding your true purpose
Do what you want : the book that shows you how to create a career you'll love
Ego is the enemy
The virgin suicides
Teaching mindfulness : a practical guide for clinicians and educators
The five levels of attachment : Toltec wisdom for the modern world
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue"--
Fragments of reality : daily entries of lived life
5:2 your life : how the revolutionary 5:2 approach can transform your health, wealth and happiness
On New Year's Eve, journalist and former Parade editor-in-chief Janice Kaplan makes a promise to be grateful and look on the bright side of whatever happens. She realizes that how she feels over the next months will have less to do with the events that occur than with her own attitude and perspective. Getting advice at every turn from psychologists, academics, doctors and philosophers, Kaplan embarks on a smart, witty and insightful journey that will empower readers to think positively and start living their own best year ever.
Loss of a loved one
""While the history books are filled with tales of obsessive visionary geniuses who remade the world in their image with sheer, almost irrational force, I've found that history is also made by individuals who fought their egos at every turn, who eschewed the spotlight, and who put their higher goals above their desire for recognition." --from the prologue   Many of us insist the main impediment to a full, successful life is the outside world. In fact, the most common enemy lies within: our ego. Early in our careers, it impedes learning and the cultivation of talent. With success, it can blind us to our faults and sow future problems. In failure, it magnifies each blow and makes recovery more difficult. At every stage, ego holds us back.  Ego Is the Enemy draws on a vast array of stories and examples, from literature to philosophy to his&shy;tory. We meet fascinating figures such as George Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Katharine Graham, Bill Belichick, and Eleanor Roosevelt, who all reached the highest levels of power and success by con&shy;quering their own egos. Their strategies and tactics can be ours as well.  In an era that glorifies social media, reality TV, and other forms of shameless self-promotion, the battle against ego must be fought on many fronts. Armed with the lessons in this book, as Holiday writes, "you will be less invested in the story you tell about your own specialness, and as a result, you will be liberated to accomplish the world-changing work you've set out to achieve.""--
How to talk to anyone : 92 little tricks for big success in relationships
Practising the power of now : essential teachings, meditations, and exercises from The power of now
Confidence : The art of getting whatever you want
Eat that frog! : 21 great ways to stop procrastinating and get more done in less time
Love : nearness and broken hearts?
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
Heart steps : prayers and declarations for a creative life
My fire's gone out! : How to cope with change in your work and your life
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
The gifts of imperfection : let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
Adaption and validation of the German version of the basic psychological needs in physical education scale
Changing course : inspiration, ideas and insights for starting again from the CEO who became a caddie
Developmental regulation in adulthood : age-normative and sociostructural constraints as adaptive challenges
The shift : taking your life from ambition to meaning
Manage your anger
Training in practice
Towards more ethical engagements in North–South education sector partnerships
Making time : why time seems to pass at different speeds and how to control it
Super brain
Change your life in seven days
The fifth agreement  : a practical guide to self-mastery
Beyond willpower : the secret principle to achieving success in life, love, and happiness
Awaken the giant within : how to take immediate control of your mental, emotional, physical & financial destiny!
Today is the day you change your life
Personal impact : what it takes to make a difference
The Tibetan art of positive thinking : skilful thought for successfull living
Life coaching : a cognitive-behavioural approach
The soul of leadership : unlocking your potential for greatness
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Burnt toast : and other philosophies of life
Super genes : unlock the astonishing power of your DNA for optimum health and well-being
Overcoming anger and irritability : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques
Adult education and the postmodern challenge : learning beyond the limits
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Radical honesty : how to transform your life by telling the truth
The motivation manifesto : 9 declarations to claim your personal power
Homecoming : reclaiming and championing your inner child
Summary.
The astonishing powers of emotions : let your feelings be your guide
The happiness track : how to apply the science of happiness to accelerate your success
Peak : secrets from the new science of expertise
The power of your subconscious mind
Weekend love coach : how to get the love you want in 48 hours
Eating, drinking, overthinking : women's destructive relationship with food, alcohol and depression - and how to break free
Soul revolution : how imperfect people become all God intended
Mind power : change your thinking, change your life
The Lighthouse
The mind gym : relationships
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
Highly intuitive people : 7 right-brain traits to change the lives of intuitive-sensitive people
Never Not a Lovely Moon
Becoming a professional life coach : lessons from the Institute for Life Coach Training
Unlimited power : the new science of personal achiement
Core transformation : reaching the wellspring within
A new earth : create a better life
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
Revolutionary psychology
Boundaries in human relationships : how to be separate and connected
The book of me : life coach yourself to success
The 7 habits of highly effective people
The four faces of woman : restoring your authentic power, recovering your eternal beauty
The secret to success
Peak learning : a master course in learning how to learn
The renewal of personal energy
Turn thoughts into positive action with neuro-linguistic programming Neuro-linguistic programming (NLP) has taken the psychology world by storm. So much more than just another quick-fix or a run-of-the-mill self-help technique, NLP shows real people how to evaluate the ways in which they think, strategise, manage their emotional state and view the world. This then enables them to positively change the way they set and achieve goals, build relationships with others, communicate and enhance their overall life skills. Sounds great, right? But where do you begin? Thankfully, that's where this friendly and accessible guide comes in! Free of intimidating jargon and packed with lots of easy-to-follow guidance which you can put in to use straight away, Neuro-linguistic Programming For Dummies provides the essential building blocks of NLP and shows you how to get to grips with this powerful self-help technique. Highlighting key NLP topics, it helps you recognize and leverage your psychological perspective in a positive fashion to build self-confidence, communicate effectively and make life-changing decisions with confidence and ease. * Includes updated information on the latest advances in neuroscience * Covers mindfulness coaching, social media and NLP in the digital world * Helps you understand the power of communication * Shows you how to make change easier If you're new to this widely known and heralded personal growth technique either as a practitioner or homegrown student Neuro-linguistic Programming For Dummies covers everything you need to benefit from all it has to offer / Copac.
Breaking the habit of being yourself : how to lose your mind and create a new one
The courage to be creative : how to believe in yourself, your dreams and ideas and your creative career path
Your sacred self : making the decision to be free
Boundaries : when to say yes, when to say no to take control of your life
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
Human relationship skills : training and self-help
The shadow effect : illuminating the hidden power of your true self : 2 DVD special interactive edition
Effectiveness in education and training : the theory and practice of personal development
The pursuit of perfect : how to stop chasing perfection and start living a richer, happier
Super genes : unlock the astonishing power of DNA for optimum heath and well-being
"Burchard reveals that the main motive of humankind is the pursuit of greater Personal Freedom. We desire the grand liberties of choice--time freedom, emotional freedom, social freedom, financial freedom, spiritual freedom. Only two enemies stand in our way: an external enemy, defined as the social oppression of who we are by the mediocre masses, and an internal enemy, a sort of self-oppression caused by our own doubt and fear. The march to Personal Freedom, Burchard argues, can be won only by declaring our intent and independence, stepping into our personal power, and battling through self-doubt and the distractions of the day until full victory is won"--
The happiness trap : based on ACT : revolutionary mindfulness-based programme for overcoming stress, anxiety and depression
Intentional changes : a fresh approach to helping people change
The art of extreme self-care
Empathy : why it matters, and how to get it
A tour of bones : facing fear and looking for life
Neuro-linguistic programming for dummies
Love your body : a positive affirmation guide for loving and appreciating your body
Un-train your brain : a formula for freedom (from the neurons that hold you back)
Unlimited power : the new science of personal achievement
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
NLP : the essential guide to neuro-linguistic programming
Women, food and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
Resilience : how to cope when everything around you keeps changing
