http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3310 terminals (traffic areas)
terminals (traffic areas)
The middle terminal extension of Helsinki-Vantaa airport
Marine Terminal Training and Competence Assessment Guidelines for Oil and Petroleum Product Terminals
International journal of palliative nursing
3D graphics in multimedia terminals
Can the ports keep up with Transfennica?
Bulk Liquid Chemical Handling Guide for Plants, Terminals, Storage & Distribution Depots (BLCH Guide)
Future wireless communications and the trends posed for terminal development (2000-2005)
Single point mooring and operations guide
Land-based systems smooth freight and passenger flows
Palliative care for older people : better practices
Cruise terminal becomes Transfennica office
Storage solutions in terminals
Port of Primorsk : challenges in
Palliative care nursing : quality care to the end of life
Oil transportation and terminal development in the Gulf of Finland
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Neste Oil Corporation that is a leading supplier of the traffic fuels and lubricants in Finland. The aim was to do a preliminary study on the possible RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technology application for  the Naantali's terminal. The main objective of this thesis was to improve the safety at the Naantali refinery's terminal area by using the RFID technology. The research has been limited to include only tank truck identification at the terminal area and the terminal parking lot. The challenge was to find a suitable RFID system for the demanding environment of the oil refinery. This thesis consists of the basics and operating principles of the RFID technology. Safety is a very important factor in oil refinery. The special requirements of the environment, such as possible explosive atmospheres and other safety issues have been taken into consideration in the study. Current operations at the terminal have been researched and taken into consideration when thinking about the RFID application. The recommendations for the RFID application have been made according to the requirements that have been recognized during the research. Two different system suppliers and their products have been suggested. Although, the final decision on the system can only be made after the field tests for the readers and tags. Conclusion of this research is that by implementing the RFID system the safety at the terminal can be improved and the system would also be financially and operationally beneficial to implement.
Munich Airport : landscape visual design architecture
There is increased awareness of the need for palliative care for chronic diseases. However, there remains a huge unmet need for palliative care for chronic life-limiting health problems in most parts of the world. The purpose of this Atlas is to shine a light on the need for palliative care globally and to provide useful information for those wishing to increase access. This document addresses the following questions: What is palliative care? Why is palliative care a human rights issue? What are the main diseases requiring palliative care? What is the need for palliative care? What are the barriers to palliative care? Where is palliative care currently available? What are the models of palliative care worldwide? What resources are devoted to palliative care? What is the way forward?
Malmin aseman liityntäliikenneterminaali = The feeder transport at Malmi station
Construction of terminals started at Vuosaari
Logistics centres in St Petersburg, Russia : current status and prospects
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminals
Social work with the dying and bereaved
St Petersburg's new cruise terminal on a 'magic' course
Laboratory for a New Architecture : the Airport Terminal , Eero Saarinen and the Historiography of Modern Architecture
Marine Terminal Management and Self Assessment (MTMSA) : a best practice guide for terminal management
Preliminary study for a new terminal management and container load planning system in Finnsteve Helsinki Vuosaari terminal
Populations around the world are ageing, and more people are living with the effects of serious chronic illness towards the end of life. Meeting their needs presents a public health challenge. This publication aims to provide examples of better palliative care practices for older people to help those involved in planning and supporting care-oriented services most appropriately and effectively. Examples have been identified from literature searches and from an international call for examples through various organizations, including the European Association of Palliative Care and the European Union Geriatric Medicine Society. Some examples consider how to improve aspects within the whole health system; specific smaller examples consider how to improve palliative care education, support in the community, in hospitals or for specific groups of people, such as people in nursing homes and people with dementia and their families. Some examples await rigorous evaluation of effectiveness, and more research is needed in this field, especially the cost–effectiveness and generalizability of these initiatives. This publication takes both an individual person and a health systems approach, focusing on examples from or relevant to the WHO European Region. The publication is intended for policy-makers, decision-makers, planners and multidisciplinary professionals concerned with the care and quality of life of older people.
Decision-making in end-of-life care : influence of physicians' trainig, experience and personal characteristics
The informational role of prices
Tietotekniikan hyödyntäminen lentoaseman arkkitehtisuunnittelussa = The use of computer technology in the architectural designing of the airport
Ports prepare for Genesis
Towards accessible transport : accessibility strategy of the Ministry of Transport and Communications
Making global and local connections : historical perspectives on ports
Eero Saarinen : TWA terminal building, Kennedy airport, N.Y. 1956-62, Dulles international airport (Washington, D.C.), Chantilly, Va. 1958-62
Regional survey study from dry port concept in South-East Finland
Windstorm. 2, Practical risk management guidance for marine & inland terminals
Commuter rail & bus station, Philadelphia, Germantown
Container terminals and cargo systems : design, operations management, and logistics control issues
Service success for one transshipping selfunloader
Market study - the port of Kokkola and its competitors on the West coast of Finland
Marine Terminal Operator Competence and Training Guide
Getting the goods : ports, labor, and the logistics revolution
Port of Manchester : facts and figures
New Saarenmaa cruise port provides more versatility for Baltic cruises
Meeting place KTS : container terminal/Sompasaari
The geography of transport systems
Global Atlas of Palliative Care at the End of Life
Airborne transportation
Helsinki-Vantaan lentoasema : keskiterminaalin 1. vaihe = Helsinki-Vantaa airport phase 1 of the central terminal
The ethics of palliative care : European perspectives
Designing TWA : Eero Saarinen's airport terminal in New York
Application of RFID technology in terminal operations of an oil refinery : Neste Oil Corporation
Unit  checking system at the Skandinavienkai
Bulk ship unloaders are clean as well as efficient
Taking care of service allows dry bulk terminals to focus on core business
Brooklyn leads historic revival
Finnsteve's new container terminal in Mussalo
Palliative care nursing : principles and evidence for practice
Maritime infrasturcture : transporatation opportunities and considerations
The best of British
International safety guide for oil tankers & terminals (ISGOTT)
Final report of cross-border project called "Development of Logistics for Supplier Net Models" (Lognet) : in the honour of St. Petersburg Transport University's 200 year and Lappeenranta University of Technology's 40 year celebration
German ports face investment choices
Miami to build new magaterminals, parking garages
Railway shunting yard services in a dry-port : analysis of the railway shunting yards in Sverdlovsk-Russia and Kouvola-Finland
The business of shipping
Public-private partnership investments in dry ports : Russian logistics markets and risks
Time for dying
EIA in the Baltic countries : the case of three oil terminals
Automation at the terminal gate
Asian container ports : development, competition and co-operation
Logistic centres in Moscow : transport, operators and logistics infrastructure in the Moscow Region
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminal
Spiritual, ethical and pastoral aspects of death and bereavement
Marine terminal survey guidelines : chemical, gas and oil terminals
Communication as comfort : multiple voices in palliative care
Improving cost-efficiency and reducing environmental impacts of intermodal transportation with dry port concept : major rail transport corridor in Baltic Sea Region
Social work theory and practice with the terminally ill
ISGOTT International safety guide for oil tankers and terminals
Caribbean congestion : problem or not?
Introduction to container handling systems / : theory and practice of container handling
General guidelines for information arrangements in travel centres and integrated terminals
The sociology of death
High hopes in the low countries
The fault in our stars
