http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3315 athletes
athletes
Translation and validation of Brunel Mood Scale for Serbian athlete population
Practical sports coaching
The complete guide to sports nutrition
Ballers. The complete first season
Foundations of sports coaching
My last fight : the true story of a hockey rock star
Acute HIT session induced changes and recovery in muscle activation level, voluntary force production and jump performance during 8 weeks of HIT training in recreationally endurance trained men
Olli-Pekka Karjalainen and the art of the hammer throw
Every day is game day : the proven system of elite performance to win all day, every day
The athletic brain : how neuroscience is revolutionising sport and can help you perform better
Every second counts
Psychology of sport injury
NASM's essentials of sports performance training
Messi vs. Ronaldo : the greatest rivalry
Psychology in professional sports and the performing arts : challenges and strategies
Advanced sports nutrition
Above the roar : 50 surfer interviews
The psychosocial impact of career-ending injuries in elite rugby union players : a qualitative study
Keep on running : the highs & lows of a marathon addict
The definitive autobiography from hockey's greatest living legend?? "Mr. Hockey” himself, Gordie Howe. Big, skilled, tough on the ice, and nearly indestructible, Howe dominated both the sport and the record books like no one has before or since. Over an incredible six decades, the Hall of Famer had so many accomplishments that he set the record for the most records by any athlete ever in any sport.
World football stars : teams and players, facts and figures
Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising
Self-esteem, anxiety and motivation - the effect of psychological factors on sport performance
Shift work
Triphasic training : a systematic approach to elite speed and explosive strength performance
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
The impact of two-dimensional perfectionism on burnout and eating disorders in young Finnish athletes : comparison between males and females
Sport labor migration, globalization and dual-career : case study of international student-athletes in University of Colorado at Boulder
Contemporary advances in sport psychology : a review
Power plyometrics : the complete program
Crossing the line : my story
Michael Jordan : an illustrated tribute to the world's greatest athlete
Between the pipes : a revealing look at hockey's legendary goalies
Mr. Hockey : my story
Sports nutrition
WTCC tour's youngest driver comes from Finland
Athletics in Finland
Devil at my heels
Finnish athletes' expectations about physiotherapy in sport injury rehabilitation
Brukner & Khan's clinical sports medicine. Volume 1, Injuries
My fight, your fight
Depicts the late author's life through his own words, including his successful career in hockey as an enforcer and scorer, addiction to drugs, and reckless lifestyle off the ice
The Athlete's guide to yoga : an integrated approach to strength, flexibility & focus
A different kind of daughter : the girl who hid from the Taliban in plain sight
The Physiology of training for high performance
The Applied research in coaching and atletics annual
Diabetic athlete's handbook
When the final buzzer sounds : NHL greats share their stories of hardship and triumph : an anthology
The relationship between the social background and sport achievements of Finnish top-level baseball-players and track and field athletes
Plyometrics
LEXIKON DER 14 000 OLYMPIONIKEN = WHO'S WHO AT THE OLYMPICS
Accepted : how the first gay superstar changed WWE
Double play : training and nutrition advice from the world's experts in baseball
All the way : my life on ice
Alcohol and sport
New functional training for sports
Coaching the art and the science : the complete guide to self management, team management, and physical and psychological preparation
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Coaching the art and the science : the complete guide to self-management, team management and physical and psychological preparation
King of the world : Muhammad Ali and the rise of an American hero
The plantpower way : whole food plant-based recipes and guidance for the whole family
Athlete leadership behavior : how it relates to perceived team cohesion and players' satisfaction in elite sport teams
Sport nutrition : an introduction to energy production and performance
A lion's tale : around the world in spandex
Nutrition in olympic combat sports : elite athletes' dietary intake, hydration status and experiences of weight regulation
A champion's mind : lessons from a life with tennis
Behind the white ball : my autobiography
Run fast. eat slow. : Nourishing Recipes for Athletes
Joyful Athlete : the wisdom of the heart in exercise and sports training
Performance psychology : a practitioner's guide
Practical sports nutrition
Periodization training for sports
Fast girl : a life spent running from madness
Diego Costa : the art of war
Paavo Nurmi : legendary king of runners
Alan Shearer
From hockey’s most prolific fighter comes a sports memoir unlike any other—passionate, funny, and candid, Shift Work chronicles Domi’s sixteen tumultuous seasons in the NHL.  Making it through a single fight as an enforcer in the NHL is a sign of toughness. Making it through 333 of them is a mark of greatness. Whether it was on the ice or off it, Tie Domi was driven to be the best at his job and was gifted with an extraordinary ability to withstand pain. He made a career out of protecting the people around him and became known as someone who would stand up for the people who needed it most.  Raised by immigrant parents in Belle River, Domi found success from an early age on the field and the rink. A gifted athlete in whatever sport he played, Tie eventually focused his sights on hockey. As he moved up the junior ranks, he made a name for himself as a player who was always ready to take on anyone who dared to cross his teammates.  Tie’s reputation followed him into the NHL, and it wasn’t long before he ranked among the game’s most feared—and fearless—enforcers. From New York to Winnipeg to Toronto, Tie quickly became a fan favourite in whatever city he played. As he went about working his name into the record books, Tie surrounded himself with people from every walk of life, learning from each one as he evolved into a respected leader who was never afraid to tell it like it was.  In Shift Work, Tie recounts the ups and downs of his life on and off the ice, showing what he has learned and how he has grown as both a player and a person. He offers insight into the most memorable points of his career, sharing his successes and mistakes with unparalleled honesty. Shift Work shows Tie Domi as he is—a devoted father and friend, a valued and loyal team player, a magnetic personality, and an athlete of immense skill and courage.
Conviction
Waterlogged : the serious problem of overhydration in endurance sports
Mindfulness-acceptance-commitment program for athletes and exercisers : an action research case study
Coping and emotion in sport
Reflecting upon personal experiences, the martial artist discusses how his thirty-six "laws of power" have enabled him to make a successful career out of a dangerous and demanding sport.
Wildest dreams
Marcel Pronovost : a life in hockey
A collective case study of athletic identity and successful injury rehabilitation
High-performance training for sports
Balancing between identities : a gay athlete's experiences in sport and exercise domains in Finland
Abstract: Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising. This thesis studies the celebrity endorsement model and specially athletes as endorsers. What drives the companies to use athletes as spokesperson and how do they cope with risks involved in it? As recently news have been filled with scandals involving athletes with multimillion endorsement deals how could have these been avoided and what are the effects on endorsing companies? Main focus of the study is to investigate what kind of methods marketers use to ensure a successful endorsement campaign? Secondary focus was on researching what kind of risks companies face when cooperating with a star athlete? This thesis uses secondary data as its main source of information. Conducted research show that even though use of athletes as endorsers can be very risky, it can also lead to success. In celebrity endorsement only certainty is uncertainty. It was also discovered that marketers often value extremely different attributes when selecting a female endorser than they do with male endorsers.
The inner athlete : mind plus muscle for winning
The Captains
The rise of superman : decoding the science of ultimate human performance
Sport nutrition for health and performance
Finding Ultra : rejecting middle age, becoming one of the world's fittest men and discovering myself
Pure sport : practical sport psychology
Gordie : a hockey legend : an unauthorized biography of Gordie Howe
Sports as a motivation to study English : young athletes and the L2 motivational self system
Case study: a mental coaching program for a high jumper
Sports biomechanics : the basics optimising human performance
Journeyman : the many triumphs (and even more numerous defeats) of a guy who's seen just about everything in the game of hockey
100 greats in sports
Commitment : my autobiography
The long run : New York City firefighter's triumphant comeback from crash victim to elite athlete
The laws of the ring
J.R. : my life as the most outspoken, fearless, and hard-hitting man in hockey
"Renowned researcher and diabetes expert Dr. Sheri Colberg has developed a practical guide specifically for athletes of all ages with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. The Diabetic Athlete's Handbook provides you with the most up-to-date information on insulins and other medications, glucose monitors, blood sugar management, nutrition and supplements, injury prevention and treatment, and mental strategies for maximizing performance and optimizing health. Featuring more than 100 sport-specific training guidelines for fitness, endurance, power, and outdoor activities, the Diabetic Athlete's Handbook is the one resource you can't afford to be without."--BOOK JACKET.
Athletes' feeling states related to best and worst soccer games and the coaches' ability to recognize them
Modelling the influence of automaticity of behaviour on physical activity motivation, intention and actual behaviour
Play abroad 101 : your ultimate guide to success as an athlete abroad
Playing with fire
Genetic and molecular aspects of sports performance
The best in the world : at what I have no idea
Ice hockey world championships 19.4.-4.5.1991 Finland : virallinen kisajulkaisu = official game program
Athletic career transition : a qualitative inquiry into ex-athletes' experiences of the sports system in Singapore
Performance-related emotions in highly skilled soccer players : a longitudinal study based on the IZOF model
Training for sports speed and agility : an evidence-based approach
In the dark about eating disorders? : answers for the coach
Nutrition and the female athlete : from research to practice
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
Endurance sports nutrition
Psychology of sport excellence
Jeremy Roenick, one of the premier hockey players of his generation and one of the greatest American stars the NHL has ever known, shares his life story in this frank and unflinching autobiography. After making his debut as an 18-year-old with the Chicago Blackhawks, Roenick thrilled fans with his flashy style, take-no-prisoners approach, and jaw-dropping skills. A native of Boston, Roenick went on to play for four more franchises-including the Philadelphia Flyers and Los Angeles Kings-during his incredible 18-season career. By the time he was through, Roenick had racked up 513 goals-the secon.
From Lee to Li : an A - Z guide of martial arts heroes
John Terry : captain, leader, champion
Oxygen uptake, acid-base balance and hormonal responses in maximal 300 - 400 m running in child, adolescent and adult athletes
Paavo Nurmi : Flying Finn - a lifetime in one hour
Tough guy : my life on the edge
Sports training principles
Becks : the unofficial and unauthorised biography of David Beckham
Long-term athlete development
Strength training for athletes
Muhammad Ali : his life and times
The Golden Jet
I should be dead by now : the wild life and crazy times of the NBA's great rebounder of modern times
Developing decision makers : an empowerment approch to coaching
It's all about the bike : my autobiography
Paavo Nurmi : king of runners
National coaching development program : coach's manual level I theory
Slaying the tiger : how golf's young guns took over the sport
High-powered plyometrics
First steps in coaching
Insideout coaching : how sports can transform lives
The Scientific basis of sports training
My Life in Football
Exercise-induced bronchospasm among healthy elite cross country skiers and non-athletic students
Brett : his own story
Chase your shadow : the trials of Oscar Pistorius
Widely acknowledged as the best hockey book ever written and lauded by Sports Illustrated as one of the Top 10 Sports Books of All Time, The Game is a reflective and thought-provoking look at a life in hockey. Ken Dryden, the former Montreal Canadiens goalie and former president of the Toronto Maple Leafs, captures the essence of the sport and what it means to all hockey fans. He gives vivid and affectionate portraits of the characters--Guy Lafleur, Larry Robinson, Guy Lapointe, Serge Savard, and coach Scotty Bowman among them--who made the Canadiens of the 1970s one of the greatest hockey teams in history. But beyond that, Dryden reflects on life on the road, in the spotlight, and on the ice, offering a rare inside look at the game of hockey and an incredible personal memoir. This commemorative edition marks the 30th anniversary of the book's original publication, and it includes a new foreword by Bill Simmons, new photography, and a new chapter, "The Game Goes On." Take a journey to the heart and soul of the game with this timeless hockey classic.
Getting a grip : on my body, my mind, my self
Exercise and training physiology : a simple approach
Practical applications in sports nutrition
Messi : the inside story of a boy who became a legend
Sports coaching research : context, consequences, and consiousness
Nutrition in sport
The Flea : the amazing story of Leo Messi
Effects of oxygen fraction in inspired air on cardiorespiratory responses and exercise performance
Effect of velocity power principle done strength endurance training for 54 wk training period to adolecent soccer players
An exploration of the psychological immune system in Hungarian gymnasts
The youngest winner in French Open history, racking up eight Grand Slam titles, former tennis champion Monica Seles relates her struggles with binge-eating and depression and the peace and balance she had been searching for after an excruciating injury forced her on the sidelines.
Neural mechanisms of bilateral deficit in maximal force production in specific groups of athletes
Anger experiences, expression and perceived functional impact in highly-skilled Chinese taekwondo athletes
Fundamental biomechanics of sport and exercise
Coaching science
The trade : 25 years since Wayne Gretzky left
99 : Gretzky : his game, his story
Amino acid metabolism in athletes and non-athletes : with special reference to amino acid concentrations and protein balance in exercise, training and aging
Approaching Ali : a reclamation in three acts
Coaching : becoming a successful athletic coach
Perceptions of specialists in elite level sports about the Finnish sport system and sport psychology : a qualitative investigation
Athlete-centred coaching : developing decision makers
The game
It seemed as though nothing could stop Jordin Tootoo on the ice. The captain of Canada's Under-18, a fan favourite on the World Junior squad, and a WHL top prospect who could intimidate both goalies and enforcers, he was always a leader. And when Tootoo was drafted by Nashville in 2000 and made the Predators out of camp in 2003, he became a leader in another way: the first player of Inuk descent to suit up in the NHL. ALL THE WAY tells the story of someone who has travelled far from home to realize a dream, someone who has known glory and cheering crowds, but also the demons of despair.
A century of heroism : Solo Sokos Hotel Torni Tampere's tribute to Tampere-based sports legends
Effects of power versus endurance training on bone metabolism markers, serum hormone concentrations and physical performance in young athletes
Medication use in elite athletes
Thrill me
Athletes' health care services in the Finnish sports academies
The Long-term injured competitive athlete : a study of psychosocial risk factors
Don't give up, don't give in : lessons from an extraordinary man
Are you spending hours upon hours reading through personal stories of people that have “made it” as an athlete abroad? Have you raided forums, stalked blogs, and everyone in your network that could help you to pursue your dream of going pro internationally? The book “Play Abroad 101” is designed to guide you through a step-by-step process of not only finding a professional contract in another country, but also how to maximize your opportunities and personal development before, during and after your time abroad. Practical checklists, examples, exercises, bonus videos and a case study provide you a hands-on, interactive reading experience that will support your personal, international journey.
Coaching for the inner edge
The sport psychologist's handbook : a guide for sport-specific performance enhancement
Paula : my story so far
Cycle of lies : the fall of Lance Armstrong
The global sports arena : athletic talent migration in an interdependent world
Heroes of hot rodding
Andre the giant : life and legend
The personality of the elite soccer player
Wax on, wax off, or whatever works for you : on the role of pre-competition emotions in elite karateka
The illegal : a novel
Sports and exercise nutrition
Physical loading and later lower-limb function and findings : a study among male former elite athletes
Serious
