http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3318 joint taxation
joint taxation
Finland : a coming of age
China 2000 : emerging business issues
American government : readings and documents
Doing business in China : a guide to the risks and the rewards
How Russia really works : the informal practices that shaped post-Soviet politics and business
International tax agreements. Vol.9, Supplement no. 56.
The almost nearly perfect people : the truth about the Nordic miracle
A business guide to the single financial market
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the humanistic polytechnic
Internal market : current status 1 January 1993. Volume 2, Conditions for business cooperation : public procurement : internal market for energy
European tax systems
Tax reform in the Nordic countries : 1973-1993 jubilee publication
The crown, the nobility and the peasants 1630-1713 : tax, rent and relations of power
Capitalists, workers, and fiscal policy : a classical model of growth and distribution
European Community economics
United Nations model double taxation convention between developed and developing countries
Taxation of corporate joint ventures
Summary  (s. 7-9).
Havens in a storm : the struggle for global tax regulation
Doing business with Malta
Establishment of a foreign-investment enterprise in the People's Republic of China
Foreign investment in the People's Republic of China : a detailed legal and practical analysis of permissible forms of investment and commercial transactions
The almost nearly perfect people : behind the myth of the Scandinavian utopia
Japanese international trade and investment law
The search for equity : [welfare and security in the global economy]
Company taxation in the internal market : Commission staff working paper, COM( 2001) 582 final
New instruments for environmental policy in the EU
Internal market : current status in 1 January 1993. Vol. 2, The elimination of frontier controls : control of goods, control of individuals, value-added tax, excise duties
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Dictionary of taxation terms : English, Russian, German, French = Slovar' terminov po nalogoobloženiû : anglijskij, russkii, nemeckij, francuzskij
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Singapore business : the portable encyclopedia for doing business with Singapore
Alcohol-related traumatic brain injuries before and after the reduction of alcohol prices : observations from Oulu Province and Northern Ostrobothnia
European financial integration
Harmful tax competition : an emerging global issue
Global democracy initiatives : the art of possible
Summary (kuvailulehti): Squeezed between trade and health : Nordic alcohol policy in a globalising world.
Emerging electronic highways : new challenges for politics and law
International business
Taxation and government quality
Economics for a civilized society
Tax co-ordination in the EU : the latest position
Can Latin America compete?: congronting the challenges of globalization
Vietnam business guide : getting started in tomorrow's market today
Access to European Union : law, economics, policies
From a global market place to political spaces : the North-South dialogue continues
This edited collection addresses some of the most important challenges in contemporary human rights law and practice. Its central theme is the linkage between public finance, particularly budget decisions, and the realisation (or not) of economic and social rights. While much academic and political debate on economic and social rights implementation has focused on the role of the courts, this work places the spotlight squarely on those organs of government that have the primary responsibility and the greatest capacity for giving effect to such rights: namely, the elected branches of government. The major actors considered in this book are politicians, public servants and civil society, with their role in realising economic and social rights the work's key focus. The book thus makes a crucial contribution to remedying the current imbalance in attention paid by economic and social rights scholars to the legislature and executive vis-a-vis the judiciary. Featuring pioneering work by leading experts in the field of human rights and public finance, this multidisciplinary collection will be of great interest to academics, practitioners, public servants and students working in the areas of law, human rights, economics, development and political science. --Publisher's description.
Tax co-operation : towards a level playing field
The role of tax reform in central and eastern European economies
Where the king was the lord of life and land : precapitalistic Thai society as a tribute mode of production
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
International cooperation in tax matters : report of the Ad Hoc Group of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters on the Work of its Seventh Meeting
Doing business with Latvia
Completing the internal market : current status in 1 January 1992. Vol. 3, Conditions for business cooperation : public procurement
Doing business with Hungary
Completing the internal market : current status in 1 January 1992. Vol 2, The elimination of frontier controls
Success secrets to maximize business in China
Doing business with Czech Republic
Doing business in the Czech Republic
Equity : in theory and practice
Doing business with Lithuania
Will the boat sink the water? : the life of China's peasants
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 6
Doing business with Russia
Taxation and electronic commerce : implementing the Ottawa taxation framework conditions
Doing business with Estonia
Studies on the post-communist transition
Summary.
Conflicts and cooperation in managing environmental resources
Company law in Europe
Human rights and public finance : budgets and the promotion of economic and social rights
International co-operation in tax matters : guidelines for international co-operation against the evasion and avoidance of taxes (with special reference to taxes on income, profits, capital and capital gains)
Taxation in the single market
Business in Estonia : legal aspect
Completing the internal market of the European Community : 1992 handbook
Doing business with Poland
Economic justice : selected readings
The "pay your taxes" debate : perspectives on corporate taxation and social responsibility in the Chilean mining industry
International tax agreements. Vol. 9, Supplement no. 57.
The economics and politics of climate change
Taxation, state, and civil society in Germany and the United States from the 18th to the 20th century
