http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p331 sociology
sociology
The sociology of Georg Simmel
The arctic Bourdieu : four theses from the Nordic countries
Professing sociology : studies in the life cycle of social science
Max Weber on the methodology of the social sciences
The social world : an introduction to sociology
Ageing, meaning and social structure : connecting critical and humanistic gerontology
Introducing social semiotics
Ageing & society
Research reports from the Department of Sociology
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Class, codes and control. 3, Towards a theory of educational transmissions
Assimilated individuals and segregated communities : a comparative study of housing and living related well-being of Finnish roma and housed gypsies and travellers in England
Sociology, work and industry
Readings on modern sociology
'This is a robust text - challenging and provocative and one which students will benefit from reading. Layder guides the reader through a large body of relevant literature. He draws attention to the strengths and weaknesses of particular approaches as he sees them and he is not afraid to offer his own judgements on the issues and problems he addresses' - Professor John Eldridge, University of Glasgow. This is a revised, updated and enlarged version of the accessible, authoritative first edition - a jargon-free textbook that provides an introduction to the core issues in social theory.
Comparative social research : an annual publication
Rules and laws in sociology
Steaming into a Victorian future : a steampunk anthology
Sociology : a brief introduction
Umeå studies in sociology
Why this theme "Rethinking inequalities"
A sociology of sociology
Sociological writings
Sociological theory : an introduction to concepts, issues, and research
The Sage handbook of governance
Localizing modernity and reconstructing social theory
Organization theory & design
The modern and contemporary sphere of art and its place in societal-cultural reality in the light of system-theoretical and systemic sociology : a study of a sociological research tradition and its art-theoretical contribution
Man and society : an introduction to social science
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Introducing sociology
Sociology faces pessimism : a study of European sociological thought admist a fading optimism
Transforming cities
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
Consumption and everyday life
Mobile lives : self, excess and nature
Visit to Finland by a pioneer of multiculturalism in Australia, prof. Jerzy Zubrzycki, 4-12 june 1988.
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
We live in the midst of a revolution in communication technologies that affects the way in which people feel, think, and behave. The media have become the space where power strategies are played out. In the current technological context mass communication goes beyond traditional media and includes the Internet and mobile communication. In this wide-ranging and powerful book, Manuel Castells analyses the transformation of the global media industry by this revolution in communication technologies. He argues that a new communication system, mass self-communication, has emerged, and power relationships have been profoundly modified by the emergence of this new communication environment. Created in the commons of the Internet this communication can be locally based, but globally connected. It is built through messaging, social networks sites, and blogging, and is now being used by the millions around the world who have access to the Internet.Drawing on a wide range of social and psychological theories, Castells presents original research on political processes and social movements, including the misinformation of the American public on the Iraq War, the global environmental movement to prevent climate change, the control of information in China and Russia, and Internet-based political campaigns, such as the Obama campaign in the United States. On the basis of these case studies he proposes a new theory of power in the information age based on the management of communication networks Justly celebrated for his analysis of the network society, Castells here builds on that work, offering a well grounded and immensely challenging picture of communication and power in the 21st century. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand the dynamics and character of the modern world.
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
In search for a Russian knowledge worker
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
Bourdieu in Finland : an account of Bourdieu's influence on Finnish sociology
Globalization and everyday life
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
The active society : A theory of societal and political processes
Eastern European countryside
Sociology : the science of society
Society : the basics
A short history of sociology
Sport sociology / edited by Peter Craig and Paul Beedie
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in sociology of education
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
The fear of freedom
The mind and society : a treatise on general sociology. Vol.[2]
On money
Macro-micro linkages in sociology
City
Sociology today
Territory, authority, rights : from medieval to global assemblages
The call of the weird : travels in the American subcultures
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Working with street children in Sub-Saharan Africa in the light of the child-centred perspective : promising methods and approaches with special reference to the example street children project in Zambia
Contemporary sociology and policy analysis: the new sociology of public policy
Baudrillard's challenge : a feminist reading
Research methods
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
The science of military cohesion
A history of British empirical sociology
Sociology : the progress of a decade : a collection of articles
A hundred years of sociology
1. Finnish-Soviet Symposium of Sociology : Helsinki 24-25 January 1978
Liars and outliers : enabling the trust that society needs to thrive
Sociology
Introduction to sociology
Climate change and society : sociological perspectives
Dimensions of leisure for life : individuals and society
An island in time : the biography of a village
The sociological eye : selected papers
Ageing, meaning and social structure is a unique book advancing critical discourse in gerontology and makes a major contribution to understanding key social and ethical dilemmas facing ageing societies. It confronts and integrates approaches that have been relatively isolated from each other, and interrelates two major streams of thought within critical gerontology: analyses of structural issues in the context of political economy and humanistic perspectives on issues of existential meaning. The chapters, from a wide range of contributors, focus on major issues in ageing such as autonomy, agency, frailty, lifestyle, social isolation, dementia and professional challenges in social work and participatory research. This volume should be valuable reading for scholars and graduate students in gerontology and humanistic studies, as well as for policy-makers and practitioners working in the field of ageing
Human emotions : a sociological theory
What, exactly, was the Charity Organization Society? Was it a cluster of affluent women imposing their moral propriety on the poor in the early 20th Century? Or was it the first concerted effort to professionalize previously random, subjective allocations of benefits and entitlements? This book will help researchers explore systematically such fascinating questions and debates in social work and social welfare history.   Mastering how to pose historical questions is as essential as finding the answers. This book, from its wide-ranging coverage of historiographic theory to detailed guidelines for conducting oral history and archival research, offers clear and practical research tools: how to design a study, select primary sources, understand the vocabulary of archives, determine useful secondary sources, and analyze them all. The book also features a guide to archives and special collections that details their holdings, access and locations, and research grants - essential knowledge for any researcher.   The thrill of stumbling across unexplored data in the stacks of a library is notorious. Now, this clearly written pocket guide will help established scholars as well as doctoral students get the most out of historical data.
Sociology : a modular approach
The history and nature of sociological theory
Freakonomics : a rogue economist explores the hidden side of everything
Journal of environmental education
Practical social pedagogy : theories, values and tools for working with children and young people
Fifty key sociologists : the formative theorists
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Doing sociology : a practical introduction
"We fangirls need our fanservice" : a study on the topics of discussion in a predominantly female online football community
Identities at work
Islamophobia and the politics of empire
Zygmunt Bauman : why good people do bad things
Advances in visual methodology
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Class, codes and control. Volume 4, The structuring of pedagogic discourse
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Sociology is central to the study of sport in higher education. This reader-friendly textbook introduces all of the subject s core themes, such as power, diversity and mediation, and relates them to major contemporary social issues such as commercialisation and globalisation. Special emphasis is given throughout to examples drawn from the UK and to the significance of the 2012 Olympics. Theoretical explanation is fully supported by case studies, practical and reflective exercises and guidance on further study.
Tapani Valkonen : professor of Demography
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
The sociology of education
Unit cohesion : theoretical implications and practical recommendations
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
Enlightenment and despair : a history of sociology
The Sociology of religion
Train : riding the rails that created the modern world : from the Trans-Siberian to the Southwest Chief
The family among the Australian aborigines : a sociological study
Human interaction : an introduction to sociology
Children's participation and participating children : factors influencing attendance to child societies, and justifications for children's participation in Sri Lanka
Contemporary sociology
Institutional ethnography as practice
Human deviance, social problems, and social control
Ethnographic interventions : a strategy and experiments in mapping sociospatial practices
Social theory and modern sociology
Perceptions of health : water and sanitation problems in rural and urban communities in Nigeria
Summary.
Educational studies: a second level course. E202 Schooling and society. Unit 1, Schooling and society
Communities in cyberspace
The idea of a social science and its relation to philosophy
Where fatherlessness meets music therapy : "the importance of therapist & the uniqueness of music"
Sociology : themes and perspectives
Comparative sociology
Climate change is one of the most critical issues of the twenty-first century, presenting a major intellectual challenge to both the natural and social sciences. While there has been significant progress in natural science understanding of climate change, social science research has not been as fully developed. Climate Change and Society: Sociological Perspectives breaks new theoretical and empirical ground by presenting climate change as a thoroughly social phenomenon, embedded in our institutions and cultural practices. This collection of essays summarizes the existing approaches to understanding the social, economic, political, and cultural dimensions of climate change. From the factors that drive carbon emissions to the forces which influence societal responses to climate change, the book provides a comprehensive overview of the social dimensions behind climate change. An understanding of the relationship between climate change and human behavior is a critical element in developing a more sustainable future, changing human habits and behaviors for the better, and creating just and effective environmental policies.
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
Litter : the remains of our culture
Book presents organizational communication from both a communication and managerial perspective. Professor Miller's clear writing style and consistent use of examples and case studies result in a text that undergraduate students will find easy to understand.
The language of sociology
Constructing social theories
The twelwe tables
Trends of research in social sciences of sport : content analysis of the sociology of sport journal
Cohesion forgotten? : Redux 2011 - knowns and unknowns
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
The grammar of sociology : man in society
Sociology in the balance : a critical essay
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Max Weber : collected methodological writings
Historical research
Creative network communities in the translocal space of digital networks
Separated children & forbidden roots : removals of part-indigenous children as part of Australia's assimilation policy in the 1950s-1960s
Igbo-ora : a town in transition: a sociological report on the Ibarapa Project
Climbing for equality: overcoming social inequality through sport : a narrative inquiry into the sport lives of five visually disabled climbers in Mexico City
ESA summer school on "Immigration in Europe" : continied : out of the students' perspectives
Sociology : making sense of society
The new Blackwell companion to medical sociology
Group cohesion and behavior in a simulated combat situation : empirical results from two Infantry platoons
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
Thoughts on family, gender, generation and class : a festschrift to Ulla Björnberg
Sociology : a study of society and culture
The meaning of sociology : a reader
Philosophical foundations of the three sociologies
Sociology in Finland
7 Billion : how your world will change
Statistical reasoning in sociology
Sociology : issues and debates
The uses of sociology
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
First sociology
Society : an introduction to sociology
What is sociology?
Every thing we touch : a 24-hour inventory of our lives
Disability rights and wrongs
Invitation to sociology : a humanistic perspective
An introduction to sociology
Public relations and social theory : key figures and concepts
Applied sociology : opportunities and problems
The habits of consumption
Contemporary sociological theory : continuing the classical tradition
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Basic concepts in sociology
Three sides to a story : an investigation into the applicability of cultural adjustment models
Security studies : an introduction
A handbook of sociology
The community : an introduction to a social system
Picturing the social landscape : visual methods in the sociological imagination
The differentation of society
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Sociology of law
Understanding the global TV format
The fundamental forms of social thought
Contemporary social problems : an introduction to the sociology of deviant behavior and social disorganization
Sociology for the modern mind
Structural, institutional, and cultural explanations
Adorno, Habermas, and the search for a rational society
On theoretical sociology : five essays, old and new
The ethics of sightseeing
Axel Honneth : A critical theory of the social
Social problems : a critical analysis of theories and public policy
Criminal : the truth about why people do bad things
New introductory reader in sociology
Class, codes and control. 2, Applied studies towards a sociology of language
Why we love serial killers : the curious appeal of the world's most savage murderers
Nyfiken på Sverige : samhällsorientering för vetgiriga = Curious about Sweden : civic studies for those eager to learn
Unleashing science popularisation : studies on science as popular culture
Storytelling globalization from the Chaco and beyond
Social anthropology : the science of human society and culture
Organizational communication : approaches and processes
Class, codes and control. 1, Theoretical studies towards a sociology of language
Sport and leisure in social thought
Royal tourism : excursions around monarchy
Fifty key sociologists : the contemporary theorists
Sociology : from crisis to science?. Volume 2, The social reproduction of organization and culture
Central ideas in sociology : an introduction
Comparative sociology : a codification of cross-societal analysis
The Finnish Army during the war 1941-45 : some results of social research
Communication power
Routledge handbook of the sociology of sport
Structure of social theory
Handbook for sociology teachers
This edited volume on "Identities at Work" brings together international theory and empirical research that deals with continuity and change of identity formation processes at work under conditions of modern working processes and labour market flexibility. By bringing together perspectives from sociology, psychology, organisational management and vocational education and training the contributions in this volume connect the debates of skills formation, human resources development and careers with individual's work commitment and professional orientations in various ways. With this focus, the volume presents a new research perspective based on an interdisciplinary and international approach. We argue that in times of globalisation and rapidly changing work realities such an approach is needed to better understand and analyse what is required to equip and prepare the workforce to meet international labour market demands. In this sense, the publication shall serve as a useful resource to researchers and policy makers working in the fields of skills formation, human resources development and organisational management.
The Sociology of Max Weber
Community, character and civilization : studies in social behaviorism
Sociology in Austria : history, present activities and projects
Striving and surviving : a daily life analysis of Honduran transnational families
Connected sociologies
Sociology : exploring the architecture of everyday life
Understanding social theory
Sociology, work, and industry
A theory of fields
