http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3312 parenthood
parenthood
Raising parents : attachment, parenting and child safety
The calm and happy toddler : gentle solutions to tantrums, night waking, potty training and more
Listen to your mother : what she said then, what we're saying now
Interaction rituals in parenthood discussion forum RaisingKids.co.uk : entering rituals, rants and prayer requests
We were here first : Baby Blues looks at couplehood with kids
A bereaved father
Night shift
The parental obligation : a study of parenthood across households
Soothe your baby the natural way
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Children's and parents' experiences on everyday life and the home/work balance in Finland
The boy who played with fusion : extreme science, extreme parenting, and how to make a star
The Owner's manual to terrible parenting
I heart my little a-holes : a bunch of holy-crap moments no one ever told you about parenting
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
The headspace guide to ... a mindful pregnancy
Parenting with love and logic : teaching children responsibility
You will know me : a novel
Family Values shows how the various contradictions at the heart of Western conceptions of maternity and paternity problematize our relationships with ourselves and with others. Using philosophical texts, psychoanalytic theory, studies in biology and popular culture, Kelly Oliver challenges our traditional concepts of maternity which are associated with nature, and our conceptions of paternity which are embedded in culture. Oliver's intervention calls into question the traditional image of the oppositional relationship between nature and culture, maternal and paternal. Family Values also undercuts recent returns to the rhetoric of a "battle between the sexes" by analyzing the conceptual basis of these descriptions in biological research and the presuppositions of such suggestions in philosophy and psychoanalysis. By developing a reconception of maternity and paternity, Family Values offers hope for peace in the battle of the sexes.
“Virtuoso ideal daddy” : Finnish children's perceptions of good fatherhood
If you are the kind of mom who opened up your freezer and panicked because you forgot to buy more frozen pizzas, then you need to read this book. A celebration of mediocre parents and how awesome they are and how their kids love them just as much as children with perfect parents, Alpert's observations will have you nodding your head and peeing in your pants. Or on the toilet if you're smart and read it there.
Doing marriage and parenthood : the division of household labour across two life course events
Saving Phoebe Murrow
The gentle parenting book : how to raise calmer, happier children from birth to seven
The baby book : how to enjoy year one
Development of infants with disabilities and their families : implications for theory and service delivery
Genetic risk : a book for parents and potential parents
Social competence and loneliness during the school years : issues in assessment, interrelations and intergenerational transmission
The Rosie effect
Keys to parenting your anxious child : Expert advice and practical strategies to help children cope in today's world
Briefcase full of baby blues
Seeing other people
Midwives, families and everyday health information and ICT interactions : exploration of identities and networks
The happiest kids in the world : a stress-free approach to parenting the Dutch way
Parenting and teaching the gifted
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Karen Alpert, writer of the blog Baby Sideburns, shares funny stories and pictures from her experiences raising her young son and daughter.
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
CHILD & DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY. Oprah called Dr. Shefali Tsabary's first book "the most profound book on parenting I've ever encountered," and immediately helped make it a "New York Times" bestseller in 2014. Now, Dr. Shefali offers readers a radically transformative plan that shows parents how to raise children to be their best, truest selves. All parents have aspirations for their children. But often these turn into crushing expectations that cause real harm and disillusionment at the most important time in a child's development. Parenting should not be a competition with winners and losers. Parents need to recognize their children for who they actually are, and in her groundbreaking new book, Dr. Shefali Tsabary challenges the modern myths of parenting that define how a child is "supposed to be."
Another mother's son
Untangled : guiding teenage girls through the seven transitions into adulthood
Reset your child's brain : a four-week plan to end meltdowns, raise grades, and boost social skills by reversing the effects of electronic screen-time
The family school : the impact of a group training programme on overactive hard-to-manage preschool children and their parents
"The dearest but the most infuriating" : how to raise a child with challencing temperament?
In this paper we examine reproductive intentions among childless Finnish men and women aged 18 to 34 years. In Finland, as in other European countries, young adults are postponing parenthood to an ever-later age. Our intention is to investigate expressions of reproductive intentions, and particularly, to focus on the division of intentions between more positive and more hesitant expressions. We examine how education, factors related to economic security and values relate to childbearing hesitation among young adults. We also use information on the reasons that the young themselves have provided to examine differences in fertility intentions. Our study uses a sample of 724 men and women drawn from the PPA2 survey, which focused on Finns attitudes in 2002 toward family and children, family policy measures, values in life, and fertility intentions. We ? nd that education is related to postponement, and that unemployment increases hesitation. Partnership and the state of the relationship are clearly important preconditions for positive childbearing intentions among both men and women. Postponers are more likely to stress reasons that are related to present life situation and are more open to change, while persons who hesitate regarding future childbearing stress longer-standing reasons behind their intentions. .
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Parenting under pressure : mothers and fathers with learning difficulties
Happy kids : the secret to raising well-behaved, contented children
How to love your kids more than you hate your ex
Handicap: a parent's guide to helping your child
The baby book : everything you need to know about your baby from birth to age two
Men's family relations : report from an international seminar
An expanded and updated month-to-month guide to the emotional, financial, and physical changes the father-to-be may experience during his partner's pregnancy.
Parenting young athletes : developing champions in sports and life
Parenting : a dynamic perspective
Family Conflict Among Chinese- and Mexican-Origin Adolescents and Their Parents in the U.S. : New Directions for Child and Adolescent Development
Gender Caring: The Everyday Construction of Black African Parents in Finland
Family values : subjects between nature and culture
A fairer future for children : towards better parental and professional care
The attachment pregnancy
The pregnancy instruction manual   : essential information, troubleshooting tips, and advice for parents-to-be
Parenthood and hederity
The parent survival guide : from chaos to harmony in ten weeks or less
Why parents matter : parental investment and child outcomes
Parental love : irreplaceable for children's well-being
Influences on parent behavior
Parents in modern America : a sociological analysis
Everyday blessings : mindfulness for parents
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
The day phonics kicked in : Baby Blues goes back to school : selected cartoons
A parent's guide to high-functioning autism spectrum disorder : how to meet the challenges and help your child thrive
Calm parents, happy kids : the secrets of stress-free parenting
"The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm"--
Handbook of parenting. Vol. 3, Being and becoming a parent
Dad's guide to baby's first year for dummies
Our server is down!
Turkish early childhood educators' conceptualization about parental involvement
Yes, No, Maybe: Fertility Intentions and Reasons Behind Them Among Childless Finnish Men and Women
Mindful parenting : find peace and joy through stress-free, conscious parenting
Things I wish I'd known : women tell the truth about motherhood
The rules of parenting
Who's fit to be a parent?
It's the little things
The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm.
Brave parenting : a Buddhist-inspired guide to raising emotionally resilient children
Parenthood : its psychology and psychopathology
With the light : Raising an autistic child. 6
The natural disorder of things
Never a dry moment
Lift and separate
Discussions of Fatherhood in Male Batterer Treatment Group
I want my epidural back : adventures in mediocre parenting
Picnic in Provence : a tale of love in France, with recipes
Sacred motherhood : an inspirational guide and journal for mindfully mothering children of all ages
The year after childbirth : surviving the first year of motherhood
The unofficial guide to adoptive parenting : the small stuff, the big stuff and the stuff in between
My space
Somali parents' experiences of bringing up children in Finland : exploring social-cultural change within migrant households
Doing pregnancy, the unborn, and the maternity healthcare institution
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Along came you
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
How to be a great dad
Table for five
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
Calmer, easier, happier boys
The encyclopedia of pregnancy and birth
The opposite of worry : the playful parenting approach to childhood anxieties and fears
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Sleepeasy solution : the exhausted parent's guide to getting your child to sleep through the night
Harry Potter and the cursed child. Parts one and two
Calmer, easier, happier parenting
Then Came You
Three shadows
A study of mothers' practices and children's activities in a co-operative nursery school
The jump
Abstract.
Raise a happy teenager
Sweden provides strong support for childbearing and parenthood, including generously subsidized medical, maternal, and child care, paid parental leave, and child allowances. In this context, attitudes towards parenthood are likely to have a particularly strong impact on the decision about whether and when to have children. We examine the links between first births and holding attitudes about children, not just of positive and negative attitudes, but also of ambivalence, namely those who both value children but also value the things that compete with parenthood for young adults' time and other resources. Our analysis shows, measuring attitudes before the transition to parenthood, that ambivalence about childbearing delays the transition to parenthood, but not nearly as much as holding purely negative attitudes. Further, reporting an ambivalent experience from the first child had no significant effect on further childbearing, which testifies to the strong two-child norm in Sweden.
With the light : Raising an autistic child. 5
The awakened family : a revolution in parenting
Then came you
Strong fathers, strong daughters : 10 secrets every father should know
"Strong Finnish identity is the only thing I can raise" : adoptive parents' attitude towards their child's pre-adoption past
Parents of gifted students have often experienced the frustration of trying to get an appropriate education for their children in public and private schools. Teachers have equally experienced the frustration of trying to educate these students due to classroom demands. Over the past two decades, Callard-Szulgit has accumulated well over 1,000 questions asked by parents in her gifted parenting classes, her graduate students of gifted education, education colleagues, and gifted students themselves. This user-friendly book offers common sense and educationally informative answers to the questions and dilemmas that parents and teachers seek. This book will be of interest to all who seek a fair and equitable education for the gifted.
French parents don't give in
The wooden chair
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Jo Frost's confident toddler care
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
The 5 love languages of children
Scribbles at an exhibition
Goodnight iPad : a parody for the next generation
Instructions for bringing up scarlett
The expectant father : the ultimate guide for dads-to-be
Why French children don't talk back : what we can learn from French parenting
Parenting stress : conceptual and methodological issues
Constructing fatherhood : discourses and experiences
Parent education as early childhood intervention : emerging directions in theory, research and practice
Women from another planet? : our lives in the universe of autism
Parenting experiences : a case study of Finnish rainbow families
Making babies : stumbling into motherhood
Development of maternity clinic on the net service : views of pregnant families and professionals
Parenting and child development in "nontraditional" families
The modern grandparent's guide
Bitter bitch : a novel
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Get out of my life - but first take me and Alex into town
Unplug your kids : a parent's guide to raising happy, active, and well-adjusted children in the digital age
Supporting parenthood in interaction : a conversation analytic study of maternity and child health clinics
The his and hers guide to pregnancy and birth
Dad stuff : shedloads of ideas for dads
Truly madly guilty
The game theorist's guide to parenting : how the science of strategic thinking can help you deal with the toughest negotiators you know - your kids
As every parent knows, kids are surprisingly clever negotiators. But how can we avoid those all-too-familiar wails, That s not fair! and You can t make me! ? In "The Game Theorist s Guide to Parenting," the award-winning journalist and father of five Paul Raeburn and the game theorist Kevin Zollman pair up to highlight tactics from the worlds of economics and business that can help parents break the endless cycle of quarrels and ineffective solutions. Raeburn and Zollman show that some of the same strategies successfully applied to big business deals and politics such as the Prisoner s Dilemma and the Ultimatum Game can be used to solve such titanic, age-old parenting problems as dividing up toys, keeping the peace on long car rides, and sticking to homework routines.Raeburn and Zollman open each chapter with a common parenting dilemma. Then they show how carefully concocted schemes involving bargains and fair incentives can save the day.
Missing persons
50 ways to tame a toddler : how to charm and disarm your diminutive adversary
Child perspectives on income and time use  in Finnish families in the 1990s
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
The child-bearing decision : motivational aspects, process characteristics and consequences of the decision
Timing parenthood : independence, family and ideals of life
Handbook of parenting. Vol. 2, Biology and ecology of parenting
"Two renowned neuroscientists and pioneers in documenting the benefits of Transcendental Meditation give parents a guided tour of their children's brains through contemporary science and ancient Ayurvedic typology (parents can "type" their kids and themselves) for a wealth of methods and insights to maximize your child's learning and behavioral style.  Dharma Parenting offers a uniquely individual approach to raising a happy and successful child. The word "dharma" means a way of living that upholds the path of evolution, maintains balance, and supports both prosperity and spiritual freedom.  For the first time, we can understand why one child learns quickly and forgets quickly while another learns slowly and forgets slowly; why one child is hyperactive and another slow moving; or why one falls asleep quickly but wakes in the night while another takes hours to fall asleep.  Leading brain researchers Robert Keith Wallace and Frederick Travis combine knowledge from modern science, ancient Ayurveda, and their personal experience to show how to unfold the full potential of a child's brain, as well as how to nurture his or her inherent brilliance and goodness.  The first tool of Dharma Parenting is to determine your child's--and your own--brain/body type through a simple quiz. The Eastern system of natural medicine called Ayurveda has used three distinct mind/body types (and combinations of these types) for thousands of years. Scientific studies suggest that there is a specific set of genetic, biochemical, and physiological characteristics that underlie each of the three main Ayurveda mind/body types.  Coupling old and new wisdom, Dharma Parenting offers unique insight into why a child is the way he or she is and reveals how to bring each child into a state of balance. Its language is readily comprehensible by parents of any cultural background, with real-life stories to illustrate areas of universal parental concern--such as emotions, behavior, language, learning styles, habits, diet, health issues, and, most importantly, the parent-child relationship"--
Nontraditional families : parenting and child development
Raising my rainbow : adventures in raising a fabulous, gender creative son
Life among the giants
Ambivalence about Children in the Family Building Process in Sweden
What can parents do? : new insights into the role of parents in adolescent problem behavior
Becoming Nicole : the extraordinary transformation of an ordinary family
Dharma parenting : understand your child's brilliant brain for greater happiness, health, success, and fulfillment
Ambushed! : in the family room
The Bears
Parenting : what really counts?
Teach your children well : parenting for authentic success
Maternal effects in birds : the ecological and evolutionary signifigance of yolk androgens and other egg components
Learning to be parents : principles, programs, and methods
Ten years and still in diapers
Love in the time of contempt : consolations for parents of teenagers
The Danish way of parenting
The Nordic countries are now firmly ensconced in academia as gender-friendly welfare states. They are seen as pioneering countries with respect to changes in family life and gender relations and thus present an interesting forum for family research. This paper explores how gender caring relates to gender, religion and parenting in Sub-Saharan African families in the context of immigration to Finland. A constructionist perspective is employed to illuminate how guidelines or scripts established in these parents' cultures are actively used and how they in turn influence their gender relations. Gender caring is conceptualized as an ethic of reciprocity, solidarity and obligation to ensure interdependence and strong bonds among black African parents. The article draws on in-depth interviews conducted with twelve couples mainly in the Helsinki area (which includes Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen).
God help the child
Grandparental love : a challenge or richness?
Balancing the big stuff : finding happiness in work, family, and life
Parents' journal : Finnish Parents' Association bulletin
