http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3313 course of life
course of life
Life-span developmental psychology
Life course, education, identity
Life-span human development
Life-course model : a way to work with autism
Nine lives : in search of the sacred in modern India
Female life careers : a pattern approach
The thread of life : Toraja reflections on the life cycle
Brooklyn dreams /  writen by J. M. DeMatteis ; art by Glenn Barr
Sweden : transfers and programs : an institutional social policy against the life cycle of poverty
Autobiographical memory : an introduction
Managing the ageing experience : learning from older people
Three brothers
The process of human development : a holistic life-span approach
The spy
The son
Academic careers study 1965-83: account of life course
Life-span developmental psychology : perspectives on stress and coping
Patterns of learning
Developmental and life course studies in delinquency and crime : a review of contemporary dutch research
Quality of life. [3], The later years
Social work and human development
The strategy focuses on physical activity as a leading factor in health and well-being in the European Region, with particular attention to the burden of noncommunicable diseases associated with insufficient activity levels and sedentary behaviour. It aims to cover all forms of physical activity throughout the life-course.
Where my heart used to beat : a novel
Rising life expectancy : a global history
From the ideal to the self-evident : education in the life-course of Finns
Life-span development and behavior. Vol. 7
Constructing the life course
Taking the long view : a study of longitudinal documentary
How to make an American quilt
1,001 facts about the human body
Studies in circumpacific culture relations. 3, Sundry customs and notions
Development through life : a psychosocial approach
Career development : a life-span developmental approach
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Women's health : a practical guide to all the stages and ages of the female life cycle
Ethnic-sensitive social work practice ; Wynetta Devore, Elfriede G. Schlesinger
Journeys from childhood to midlife : risk, resilience, and recovery
Snow falling on cedars
This is a best-selling text for Psychology of Women, Sex and Gender, or Sex Roles undergraduate courses offered by Psychology departments. Known for its engaging, never oversimplified style, Women and Gender features an integrated thematic organization synthesized in the final chapter. The authors, who are well-known, active scholars in the field, offer a feminist perspective - advocating basic equality of women and men socially, economically, and politically - while objectively reporting research findings.
Life-span developmental psychology : personality and socialization
Mobility, education and life trajectories : new and old migratory pathways
The end of days
Kane and Abel
Transitions and transformations : cultural perspectives on aging and the life course
Emotional milestones from birth to adulthood : a psychodynamic approach
The seven ages
Life-span development : frameworks, accounts and strategies
XOC : the journey of a great white
Fifty & fabulous! : the best years of a woman's life
Brings together concise, accurate summaries of classic topics as well as the most recent thinking and research in new areas. - Covers a broad range of issues, from biological and physiological changes in the body to changes in cognition, personality, and social roles to applied areas such as psychotherapy, long-term care, and end-of-life issues. - Includes contributions from major researchers, theorists, and methodologists from the academic and clinical realms. - Essential for experts in the field and also for students in the social sciences and humanities coming to the subject for the first time.
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
Constancy and change in human development
Saints & society : the two worlds of western Christendom, 1000-1700
I refuse
Life's turning points and generational consciousness
Disability across the developmental life span : for the rehabilitation counselor
Women's lives in biblical times
Family systems and life-span development
Demographic applications of event history analysis
Human growth and development
Women and men in Finland 2014
Red Girls : the Legend of the Akakuchibas
The handbook of solitude : psychological perspectives on social isolation, social withdrawal, and being alone
The end of your life book club
Circles and lines : the shape of life in early America
Mind/body health : the effects of attitudes, emotions and relationships
Sleep. Volume IV, Sleep across the world and ages
Morality, wisdom and the life-span
Motivation and self-regulation across the life span
Family careers : developmental change in families
Adult development and aging
Human development in adulthood
Shining hero
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Age in action : membership work and stage of life categories in talk
The developing person : through the life span
Understanding human development : dialogues with lifespan psychology
Transitions and the lifecourse : challenging the constructions of 'growing old'
Quality of life. [1], The early years
Individual development and social change : explanatory analysis
Social change and the life course
Four stages of life : [a comparative study of women and men facing transitions]
This reference work offers a comprehensive compilation of current psychological research related to the construct of solitude Explores numerous psychological perspectives on solitude, including those from developmental, neuropsychological, social, personality, and clinical psychology Examines different developmental periods across the lifespan, and across a broad range of contexts, including natural environments, college campuses, relationships, meditation, and cyberspace Includes contributions from the leading international experts in the field Covers concepts and theoretical approaches, empirical research, as well as clinical applications.
Time, memory and society
Empirical life cycle models of labour supply and consumptio n
The twilight hour / Nicci Gerrard
Leisure and life satisfaction : foundational perspectives
Human development : a life-span perspective
A whole life
The encyclopedia of adulthood and aging
Learning to be Rotuman : enculturation in the South Pacific
She walks in beauty : a woman's journey through poems
The book of Memory
Consumption and asset allocation over the life cycle
Life-span developmental psychology : intergenerational relations
The life course and social change : comparative perspectives
Environment, cognition, and action : an integrated approach
The stages of life : personalities and patterns in human emotional development
In many Western societies, there has been a tremendous increase in family diversity over the course of the past few decades, resulting in a considerable prevalence of non-traditional family forms. The increased instability of marital and nonmarital unions entails new challenges for both parents and children. In this special issue, family scholars from different disciplines examine from a life course perspective how re-partnering processes work and how family relationships are rearranged in order to adapt to the altered needs and requirements of post-separation family life. Recent demographic changes such as the rise in divorce rates have contributed to a loss of biographical security. From a life course perspective, partnership and parenthood biographies have become more complex, which has challenged the notion of a "normative biography“ of life-long marriage and the formation of a nuclear family with shared biological children. Thus, many individuals face the challenge of rearranging their lives after a separation of divorce, which includes not only the search for a new partnership but also the redefinition of existing ties to one's ex-partner (and often co-parent) and to one's biological and social children. Family life often becomes regulated legally (e.g. via custody arrangements), and even the basic definitions of the boundaries of post-separation families may be blurred. The contributions to this volume illustrate that post-divorce families are complex social units and that the involved individuals actively create their life courses in a social process.
The stone diaries
Life span development : a case book
Spirituality, ethics, and relationship in adulthood: clinical and theoretical explorations
The adventures of Wu : the life cycle of a Peking man
And the mountains echoed
Aging : the social context
Major transitions in the human life cycle
The development of future-orientation in a life-span context
The giving tree
Written within a bio-psychosocial framework, Cavanaugh and Blanchard-Fields' text covers the specific ages-stages of adult development and aging. In its unparalleled coverage of current research and theory, the authors draw clear connections between research and application. The book's focus on "positive aging" and the gains and losses people experience across adulthood distinguish it from its competitors.
Women and girls with autism spectrum disorder : understanding life experiences from early childhood to old age
Aging and the life course / an introduction to social gerontology
Start with a happy ending. #1
Institutions and gatekeeping in the life course
Aging, society and the life course
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
Developmental disabilities from childhood to adulthood : what works for psychiatrists in community and institutional settings
Age and anthropological theory
Making dying illegal : architecture against death : original to the 21st century
The rules of engagement
The sense of an ending
History and presence
Women and gender : a feminist psychology
Developmental regulation in adulthood : age-normative and sociostructural constraints as adaptive challenges
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Handbook of marriage and the family
On the life cycle, especially on the reproduction biology of Blastophagus piniperda L. (Col., Scolytidae)
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Life-span development and behavior. Vol. 11
Health of women with intellectual disabilities
The stranger's child
Social determinants and mental health
Current social policy recognises that older people should be treated as experts in their own lives and be actively involved in their care. This book explores what can be learned from older people's experiences of managing ageing. Direct connections are made between the everyday experiences and perspectives of older people, related research and theoretical perspectives. This yields an engaging and informative analysis of how older people manage the ageing experience and what this means for policy and practice directed at promoting older people's wellbeing. The book will be of value to undergraduate and postgraduate students in health and social care and practitioners in these fields.
Socioemotional development and health from adolescence to adulthood
Life course approach to the development of hostility and anger : family origins in childhood and unemployment in adulthood
The spy : a novel
Living in squares, loving in triangles : the lives and loves of Virginia Woolf and the Bloomsbury Group
Survival kit : how to reach ninety and make the most of it
Conflict age & power in North East Africa : age systems in tradition
Designed to counter-balance the conventional emphasis on religious and ritual functions, this collection of papers re-evaluates the political aspect of age systems in the context of national politics, civil and regional wars.
The hundred-year-old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared
The seasons of a man's life
Human development : a life-span approach
The purpose of this research-based thesis is to examine the development of tourism in the island of Ibiza. Thus, the research question of this study is: How has tourism been   developed in Ibiza?    In order to better understand the changes that a tourism destination goes through, two main issues are addressed within this research. These issues are related to Butler's destination life cycle model (TALC).The first research issue is to identify and describe the development stages associated with destinations that shape the TALC curve. The second research issue is to identify the different features and units of analysis related to the stages of development. Based on the TALC model and the literature reviewed in accordance to the issues, a theoretical framework is created. This framework is used as a base on which to build Ibiza's life cycle curve and, consequently, answer the research question stated above.    The position taken for this research is qualitative methodology and the selected research strategy is case study. In order to document tourism developments through time it is necessary to examine a diverse range of secondary data sources. The main secondary data sources are publications regarding Ibiza which are largely available in Spanish and Catalan. In addition, statistical data like tourism related figures are obtained from the island's annual statistic reports. The study covers the years 1900-2008, with the main emphasis being on 1960-2008, a period of rapid tourism industry expansion in the region.     The research for the thesis started in early September 2008 and is completed at the end of November. Ibiza's life cycle curve is built and a descriptive framework is created to help analyse the development phases of the curve. The analysis follows a stage by stage format starting from the exploration stage and going through involvement, development, consolidation, stagnation and post-stagnation stage.    In summary, it was discovered that Ibiza's life cycle curve follows closely the model proposed in the framework even though various deviations related to external factors influenced the final shape of the curve. Hence, the development stages that Ibiza as a tourism destination has gone through are exploration, involvement, development, consolidation and stagnation. The final stage is further divided into three additional stages; rejuvenation, temporary decline and rejuvenation.
The final testimony of Raphael Ignatius Phoenix
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
Ageing and the life course : an introduction to social gerontology
Summary.
Anthropological perspectives on care : work, kinship, and the life-course
The Body
Family dynamics after separation : a life course perspective on post-divorce families
Human development and education
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
The past five decades have witnessed a dramatic change in our understanding of the nature of the family and its role in society. In a thoroughgoing revision of the first edition of this classic text and reference, published by Plenum in 1987, the editors have assembled a distinguished roster of contributors to address such topics as past, present, and future perspectives on family diversity; theory and methods of the family; changing family patterns and roles; the family and other institutions; and family dynamics and processes.
Himmler's cook
The world : a beginner's guide
The tourism area life cycle of Ibiza
The time traveler's wife
Well-being : positive development across the life course
Development through the lifespan
The lifespan
Beyond snapshots : how to take that fancy DSLR camera off "auto"  and photograph your life like a pro
Lifespan development : a topical approach
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
Sabbath's theater
Study guide for Sigelman and Rider's life-span human development
Physical activity strategy for the WHO European Region 2016-2025
The skin of the sky : [a novel]
Some great thing
Human development and the life course : multidisciplinary perspectives
Aging and the life course : an introduction to social gerontology
Is timing everything? : a longitudinal perspective on adult transitions, their antecedents, and psychological implications
The adult years : mastering the art of self-renewal
Nutrition, health and disease : a lifespan approach
