http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3326 microorganisms
microorganisms
Disintegration of microorganisms
Veterinary Protozoology
Treatment and hygiene of farm slurry and food waste
Handbook of microbial biofertilizers
Laboratory experiments in microbiology
The rôles of protozoa and fungi in ruminant digestion : proceedings of an international seminar held at the University of New England, Armidale, Australia, 26-29th September, 1988
Environmental microbiology for engineers
Microbial classification : 12th symposium of the Society for General Microbiology held at the Royal Institution, London, April 1962.
Micro-organisms
Foodborne disease handbook 2: viruses, parasites, pathogens, and HACCP. Volume 2, Viruses, parasites, pathogens, and HACCP
Invisible worlds : exploring microcosms
Microbial ecology : fundamentals and applications
Production of fungal volatile organic compounds in bedding materials
Effects of pre- and post-transplant inoculation with commercial arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungi on pelargonium (Pelargonium hortorum) and its microorganism community
The Sphagnum ponds of Simmelried in Germany : a biodiversity hot-spot for microscopic organisms
The mycoplasmas. 5, Spiroplasmas, acholeplasmas, and mycoplasmas of plants and arthropods
Canned foods : an introduction to their microbiology
The Mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. Volume 10, Industrial applications
Biochar application is a promising strategy for sequestering carbon in agricultural soils and for improving degraded soils. Nonetheless, contradictory and unsettled issues remain. This study investigates whether biochar influences the soil microbial biomass and community structure using phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) analysis. We monitored the effects of four different types of biochar on the soil microbial communities in three temperate soils of Austria over several months. A greenhouse experiment and two field experiments were conducted. The biochar application did not significantly increase or decrease the microbial biomass. Only the addition of vineyard pruning biochar pyrolysed at 400°C caused microbial biomass to increase in the greenhouse experiment. The biochar treatments however caused shifts in microbial communities (visualized by principal component analysis). We concluded that the shifts in the microbial community structure are an indirect rather than a direct effect and depend on soil conditions and nutrient status.
The amoeba in the room : lives of the microbes
Biogeography of microscopic organisms : is everything small everywhere?
Microbially available phosphorus in drinking water
Microbes and biological productivity : 21st symposium of the Society for General Microbiology held at University College London April 1971.
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Laboratory manual for dairy microbiology
Inflammatory and cytotoxic potential of selected moldy house microbes in vitro
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Gastrointestinal microbiology. Volume 1, Gastrointestinal ecosystems and fermentations
Symptom of environmental change in Siberian permafrost region : proceedings of the International Symposium of JSPS Core to Core Program between Hokkaido University and Martin Luther University Halle Wittenberg in 29-30 November 2005, Sapporo, Japan
Climate change, intercropping, pest control and beneficial microorganisms
Soil biotechnology : microbiological factors in crop productivity
Microbiology : an introduction
Microlife
Early microbial community development in stems of Picea abies inoculated with characterised decay fungi, non-decay fungi and bacteria
Hygienic quality of stem fractions of mechanically processed fibre hemp and linseed
Microbiology of meats
Cryopreservation of microorganisms at ultra-low temperatures
Molecular methods for detection of probiotics and intestinal microbiota, and evaluation of Lactobacillus brevis as a potential probiotic dietary adjunct
Biology of anaerobic microorganisms
VTT collection of industrial microorganisms : catalogue of strains
Veterinary protozoology
Make it safe : a guide to food safety
BRIDGE/BIOTECH : final sectorial meeting on biosafety and first sectorial meeting on microbial ecology
Micro-organisms in action : concepts and applications in microbial ecology
The soil and the microbe : an introduction to the study of the microscopic population of the soil and its role in soil processes and plant growth
The rumen and its microbes
The structure and function of fresh-water microbial communities
Biocatalysis and biodegradation : microbial transformation of organic compounds
Probiotics in animal nutrition : production, impact and regulation
The impact of intercropping green bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) with red beet (Beta vulgaris L. var. rubra) and radish (Raphanus sativus L.), two non-legume plants, on the plants' yields, as well as the effect on occurrence and enumeration of microorganisms in the rhizosphere was studied. The intercrop efficacy evaluation, using Land equivalent ratio, revealed values above 1.0 for all intercropped treatments. Diversity of rhizobia from green bean nodules under different intercropping and fertilizing conditions was observed. On the basis of morphological and biochemical characteristics, 67 out of 158 isolates from green bean roots were selected as rhizobia (42.4%), confirmed by detection of 780 bp nifH gene fragments in nifH-PCR, and then clustered in 27 phenotype patterns. Production of exopolysaccharide succinoglycan was observed in 23 rhizobial isolates, while 6 were detected to solubilize tricalcium phosphate. Screening of genetic diversity using (GTG)5-PCR fingerprinting showed presence of six different patterns on the 92% similarity level.
Characterisation of cyanobacterial strains originating from the Baltic Sea with emphasis on Nodularia and its toxin, Nodularin
Behemoth : seppuku
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : proceedings = 4. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen. 1, 0001.
Symbiosis. Vol. 1, Associations of microorganisms, plants, and marine organisms
Methods for studying the ecology of soil micro-organisms
Methods in mycoplasmology. 1, Mycoplasma characterization
A laboratory guide to fungi in polluted waters, sewage, and sewage treatment systems : their identification and culture
Microbial fundamentals of biotechnology
Microbial antagonisms and antibiotic substances
The microbiological safety and quality of food
The ecology of aquatic micro-organisms
Man, microbe, and malady
Biochemistry of some foodborne microbial toxins : papers presented at the Symposium on Microbial Toxins held at the meeting of the American Chemical Society, New York, September 12, 1966
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 2.
Budapest Treaty on the International Recognition of the Deposit of Microorganisms for the Purposes of Patent Procedure, done at Budapest on April 28, 1977 : 1. Treaty, 2. Regulations
Ultrastructure of biofilms formed by bacteria from industrial processes
Detection, quantification and characterization of food related microorganisms using molecular and physiological methods
Review of medical microbiology
Fossilized microorganisms in volcanic rocks from sub-seafloor environments
Starch degrading bacteria in coated broke and their response to biocide treatments
Actinomycetales : characteristics and practical importance
Food microbiology protocols
The mycoplasmas. 3, Plant and insect mycoplasmas
Advanced hygiene for meat processing : course workbook
The mycoplasmas. 4, Mycoplasma pathogenicity
The theory of the chemostat : dynamics of microbial competition
Microbiological quality of foods : proceedings of a conference held at Franconia, New Hampshire, August 27-29, 1962
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
Soil micro-organisms and plant growth
The antioxidative activity and characteristics of albumins extracted from tempeh
A survey of microorganisms from the spruce beetle in central British Columbia
Laboratory manual for food microbiology
Secondary metabolism in microorganisms, plants and animals
Expression of bacterial adhesins in E. coli : from mapping of adhesive epitopes to structure
Ultrastructure techniques for microorganisms
Microbiology laboratory guidebook
VTT culture collection : catalogue of strains
The viruses : biochemical, biological, and biophysical properties. 3, Animal viruses
Biochar affects the structure rather than the total biomass of microbial communities in temperate soils
Volatile metabolites from microorganism in indoor environments : sampling, analysis and identification
Immunotoxicology in marine invertebrates : effects of manganese on immune response
Environmental mycology in public health : fungi and mycotoxins risk assessment and management
4th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 12 June 1998, Berlin, Germany = 4. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen : abstracts
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 4.
Microbiology of frozen foods
Handbook of molecular technologies in crop disease management
Microbiology of marine food products
The soil microbial biomass and environmental stress
Microorganisms in foods. 8, Use of data for assessing process control and product acceptance
Soil micro-organisms
Interactions in soil : promoting plant growth
Micro-organisms (bacteria and fungi) in buildings
Microbiology : diversity, disease, and the environment : Abigail A. Salyers, Dixie D. Whitt
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : abstracts = 2. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen
Applications and systematics of Bacillus and relatives
Micropropagation systems and techniques 2002-2006
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
Principles of soil microbiology
Attachment mechanisms and properties of bacterial biofilms on non-living surfaces
Microorganisms in foods. 7, Microbiological testing in food safety management
The viruses : biochemical, biological, and biophysical properties. 2, Plant and bacterial viruses
The life of yeasts
Two-year cycle spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis [Kirby]) adults were collected from emergence traps installed on two types of hosts (stumps and windfalls) in two adjacent timber harvesting areas in central British Columbia over a 5-year period to determine the incidence of associated fungi, bacteria, yeasts, nematodes, and mites. There was no difference in either the mean size or the female ratio of spruce beetles between host types or areas. Yeasts and bacteria were the most common associates of the spruce beetle and were isolated from the majority of beetles, regardless of host type. Pesotum sp. A, a blue-stain fungus, was the most common filamentous species and was isolated from 63% of the 221 beetles sampled. This fungus appears to be closely associated with the spruce beetle regardless of host type. At least 25 taxa of other filamentous fungi (OFF) were also isolated from beetles. Most of the OFF were common, wind-dispersed species, prevalent in the environment, e.g., Penicillium and Cladosporium spp., and are likely only incidental associates of the spruce beetle. The OFF were more likely to be isolated from beetles emerging from windfalls than from stumps. This may have been due to higher moisture in windfalls, which promoted the growth of some OFF. The incidence of mites and nematodes associated with the spruce beetle was relatively low; however, only those observed on the exoskeleton were recorded. The association of microorganisms with the spruce beetle did not vary between the two timber harvesting areas sampled in this study. Despite differences in the two types of host material, the spruce beetle is able to maintain a consistent association with yeasts, bacteria, and Pesotum sp. A.
Molecular and diagnostic procedures in mycoplasmology. Volume 2, Diagnostic procedures
Root engineering : basic and applied concepts
The mycoplasmas. 1, Cell biology
Potential role of Acidithiobacillus caldus in bioleaching: a study of its sulfur metabolism, energetics and arsenic resistance
Identification methods for microbiologists
Micro-organisms : function, form and environment
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Foodborne pathogens : an illustrated text
Inside story: a guide to the intestinal microflora : an overview of the scientific literature
The microbiome solution
Biofilms : community interactions and control : contributions made at the Third Meeting of the British Biofilm Club held at Gregynog Hall, Powys 26-28 September, 1997
Pseudomonas aeruginosa : ecological aspects and patient colonization
Microorganisms in foods. 5, Characteristics of microbial pathogens
Waste management : concerns and challenges
Effects of forest fertilization on soil microorganisms
Dark life : martian nanobacteria, rock-eating cave bugs, and other extreme organisms of inner earth and outer space
Biology of microorganisms
Principles and practices of contamination control and cleanrooms
Gastrointestinal microbiology. Volume 2, Gastrointestinal microbes and host interactions
Effect of soil-spraying time on root-colonization ability of antagonistic Streptomyces griseoviridis
Aerobic sporeforming bacteria
Microbial life in the soil : an introduction
Foodborne disease handbook 1: bacterial pathogens. Volume 1, Bacterial pathogens
Microbes in motion II
The pathogenic anaerobic bacteria
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : proceedings = 2. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen. 2, 0002.
Lower gastrointestinal microbiota in health and irritable bowel syndrome : characterisation and effect of probiotic intervention
The Culture Collection of the Faculty of Agriculture and Forestry, University of Helsinki, Microbiology Department
Microbial ecology : a conceptual approach
Microbes and infections of the gut
Food micro '96 : technology, safety, stability : 16th International Symposium of the International Committee on Food Microbiology and Hygiene (IUMS-ICFMH), August 27-30, 1996, University of Horticulture and Food Science, Budapest, Hungary
Nucleic acid techniques in bacterial systematics
Evolutionary life-strategies of autotrophic planktonic micro-organisms in the Baltic Sea
Microflora and pollution : projet "Role de la microfaune de la flore et de la microflore dans la gestion de la pollution industrielle" : (Reseau Europeen de formation -recherche, premiers resultats)
In-situ soil and groundwater bioremediation techniques and applications
Bacteria in nature. Volume 1, Bacterial activities in perspective
Our place in the cosmos : the unfinished revolution
Microbial signalling and communication : fifty-seventh Symposium of the Society for General Microbiology held at the University of Edinburgh, April 1999
Microbe power : tomorrow's revolution
Rooted cuttings of geranium were grown with and without a slow release fertilizer and inoculated or not with a commercial inoculum containing AM fungi. After six weeks plants were transplanted into larger containers and one-half of the plants were inoculated with AM. Inoculation increased pelargonium growth along with nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium concentrations in shoot than caused a slight decrease in shoot growth and enhanced N concentration.    Colony forming units of total fungi and bacteria in the rhizosphere were not influenced by AM;  although RFLP profiles of DNA isolated from bacteria living in rhizosphere showed a more diverse community in AM-inoculated than non-inoculated plants at low nutrient supply. Our results suggest that mycorrhizal inoculation not only has an effect on plant growth and uptake of elements but it also influences directly or indirectly the bacterial community of the rhizosphere.
Salmonellae and shigellae
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 3.
Microbial ecology of foods. Vol. 1, Factors affecting life and death of microorganisms
CRC handbook of microbiology. 5, Microbial products
Microbial pathogenesis and immune response
New techniques and systems for growth, regeneration and micropropagation 1995-1997
4th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 12 June 1998, Berlin, Germany = 4. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen : proceedings. Volume 2
Effect of ultrasonication on algal and bacterial growth in fresh water
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : Final Congress Document = 2. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen
Inhibition and inactivation of vegetative microbes
Microbial geochemistry
Mackie & McCartney's handbook of bacteriology : a guide to the laboratory diagnosis and control of infection
Pathogenesis of bacterial infections in animals
Microbiology of normal milk
Ruminant physiology : digestion, metabolism, growth, and reproduction
Genetic variation of European echovirus 30 isolates
Microbial communities in drinking water systems analysed by lipid biomarkers
Bacteria in relation to the milk supply : a practical guide for the commercial bacteriologist
Studies on the relative resistance of germs to the salts of metals of group I of the periodic table
Behemoth : B-Max
Intercropped red beet and radish with green bean affected microbial communities and nodulation by indigenous rhizobia
