http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3327 algae
algae
Factors affecting the distribution of rocky-shore macroalgae on the Swedish coast : morphological, physiological, reproductive and genetic aspects
The algae : a review
Nutrient uptake by microalgae in tap water, wastewater and copper (Cu) amended wastewater
Algae cultivation for wastewater reclamation
Handbook of phycological methods. [Vol. 4], Ecological field methods: macroalgae
Biogasification Potential of some Algae Species
Phycotoxins : chemistry and biochemistry
The epilithic algal communities occurring along the coast of the Netherlands
Algae, man, and the environment : proceedings of an international symposium sponsored by Syracuse University and the New York State Science and Technology Foundation, June 18-30, 1967, Syracuse, N. Y.
The benthic algal vegetation of the island of Grímsey (Eyjafjarðarsýsla, North Iceland)
Atlas of diatoms. 1, Marine fossil diatoms from India and Indian Ocean
Factors affecting the distribution and abundance of the flagellated alga Gonyostomum semen (Ehrenberg) Diesing in Finland
Organisation of the light harvesting complex in fucoxanthin containing algae
The marine algæ of Denmark : contributions to their natural history. Part 3, Rhodophyceæ 3. : Ceramiales
Seaweeds of the British Isles. Vol. 1, Rhodophyta. Part 1 : Introduction, Nemaliales, Gigartinales
Marine green and brown algae of the Hawaiian Islands
Seaweeds of the British Isles. Vol. 1, Rhodophyta. Part 2A : Cryptonemiales (sensu stricto), Palmariales, Rhodymeniales
Practical manual of algae
Polska bibliografia fykologiczna za lata 1981-1990 = The Polish phycological bibliography for the years 1981-1990
"The first comprehensive volume on marine cosmeceuticals, this book covers their sources and prospects; extraction; isolation; identification; structure and chemical composition; and in vivo and in vitro applications. It covers fundamentals as well as practical techniques in the emerging field of marine cosmeceuticals. This reference enables researchers in cosmetic science and natural product chemistry to identify new outlets for the new compounds that they isolate. It makes the case for using natural compounds from the sea to replace synthetic, toxic cosmetics. It also discusses the application of these products on ailments such as skin disease, diabetes, and arthritis"--
Unravelling the algae : the past, present, and future of algal systematics
Seaweeds of the British Isles. Vol. 2, Chlorophyta
Paleobotany : the biology and evolution of fossil plants
Atlas of chrysophycean cysts
Distributional index of the benthic macroalgae of the Baltic Sea area
Due to the consequences of global warming and significant greenhouse gas emissions, several ideas have been studied to reduce these emissions or to suggest solut ions for pollutant removal. The most promising ideas are reduced consumption, waste recovery and waste treatment by biological systems. In this latter category, studies have demonstrated that the use of microalgae is a very promising solution for the biofixation of carbon dioxide. In fact, these micro-organisms are able to offset high levels of CO2 thanks to photosynthesis. Microalgae are also used in various fields (food industry, fertilizers, biofuel, etc.).
Springer handbook of marine biotechnology
Benthic diatoms in the gulf of Bothnia : community analysis an diversity
CO2 biofixation by microalgae : modeling, estimation and control
Remedial treatment of buildings
Introduction to phycology
Plant resources of South-East Asia. 15 :1, Cryptogams: Algae
Freshwater red algae of the world
Seaweeds of the British Isles. Vol. 3, Fucophyceae (Phaeophyceae). Part 1
Advanced biofuels and bioproducts. Volume 2
Taxonomic and seasonal variation in meiofauna communities associated with filamentous algae
Seaweeds of the British Isles. Vol. 4, Tribophyceae (Xanthophyceae)
Behaviour of Tylosin in Presence of UV Radiation
Germplasm diversity and evaluation : algae, fungi, and lichens
This technical paper presents a global review on the use of aquatic macrophytes as feed for farmed fish, with particular reference to their current and potential use by small-scale farmers. The review is organized under four major divisions of aquatic macrophytes: algae, floating macrophytes, submerged macrophytes and emergent macrophytes. Under floating macrophytes, Azolla, duckweeds and water hyacinths are discussed separately; the remaining floating macrophytes are grouped together and are reviewed as 'other floating macrophytes'. The review covers aspects concerned with the production and/or cultivation techniques and use of the macrophytes in their fresh and/or processed state as feed for farmed fish. Efficiency of feeding is evaluated by presenting data on growth, food conversion and digestibility of target fish species. Results of laboratory and field trials and on-farm utilization of macrophytes by farmed fish species are presented. The paper provides information on the different processing methods employed (including composting and fermentation) and results obtained to date with different species throughout the world with particular reference to Asia. Finally, it gives information on the proximate and chemical composition of most commonly occurring macrophytes, their classification and their geographical distribution and environmental requirements
A checklist of benthic marine algae of the tropical and subtropical western Atlantic : first revision
Past, present and future : assessing changes in aquatic environments using subfossil diatoms
The value of seaweed as a nitrogen abatement measure
Seaweed cultivation for renewable resources
Illustrated guidebook to common freshwater red algae
Characterisation of cyanobacterial strains originating from the Baltic Sea with emphasis on Nodularia and its toxin, Nodularin
Manual on harmful marine microalgae
Experimental study on the effect of salinity on growth rates of Arctic-sea-ice algae from the Greenland Sea
Photosynthetic pigments of algae
Algae : anatomy, biochemistry, and biotechnology
The water environment : algal toxins and health
Bioremediation of Heavy Metals by using the Microalga Desmodesmus Subspicatus
Developmental features of lacustrine basins on the uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay
Effect on yield, total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanate content of two broccoli cultivars (Brassica oleraceae var italica) following the application of a commercial brown seaweed extract (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Filamentous rock-pool algae in the Tvärminne archipelago, S. coast of Finland
Text in English; indexes also in Korean.
Some aspect[s] of the bentich [i.e. benthic] algal vegetation of the south Icelandic coastal area
Polska bibliografia fykologiczna = The Polish phycological bibliography
Seaweeds of the British Isles. Vol. 1, Rhodophyta. Part 3A : Ceramiales
The effects of light, nutrients and taxon on carbon and nitrogen isotope fractionation by cultured phytoplankton
Assessing past ecological changes in lake Isojärvi and its suitability as a Finnish lake reference site using sedimentary diatoms
Cryptogamic botany
Marine cosmeceuticals : trends and prospects
The fine structure of algal cells
A systematical and ecological study of the Diatom flora of Lesotho with special reference to the water quality
Charophytes in the Baltic Sea - threats and conservation
Norwegian mountain algae : an account of the biology, ecology and distribution of the algae and pelagic invertebrates in the region surrounding the mountain crossing of the Bergen railway
Impact of increased dissolved organic carbon and nutrient loading on humic lake phytoplankton
Radioactivity of Fucus vesiculosus along the Finnish coast in 1987 : supplement 9 to annual report 1987 (STUK-A74)
Aspects of the marine algal vegetation of North Norway
Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of an unfortified extract, of Ascophyllum nodosum on yield and nutritional quality of two broccoli cultivars ("Ironman" and "Red Admiral"). Total phenolic, total flavonoid, and total isothiocyanates content were higher in all seaweed treatments compared to the untreated control. In "Ironman" there was a 2.2 fold increase in total phenolic, 1.5 fold in total flavonoid and 2.6 fold in total isothiocyanates content, in the higher application rate compared to the control. Similarly in "Red Admiral", there was a 2.3 fold increase in total phenolic, 2.6 fold in total flavonoid and, 2.2 fold in total isothiocyanates content. There was a consistent effect on the increase of total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanates content, while there was no yield increase recorded at the lower seaweed application rate. Results suggest that application of seaweed extracts can significantly increase the amount of phytochemicals and improve the nutritional quality of broccoli.
Communities of sessile algae in some rivers flowing into Lake Ladoga
Crysophyte algae : ecology, phylogeny and development
The roles of nitrification and nitrate reduction pathways in nitrogen cycling of the Baltic Sea
Bioactive compounds in foods
Interactions between grazers and algal canopies : an experimental approach
Algal physiology and biochemistry
Studies on dinoflagellates in the northern Baltic Sea
Sustainable biodiesel production from microalgae cultivated with piggery wastewater
An introduction to the algae
Sri Lankan seaweeds : methodologies and field guide to the dominant species
Efficiency of Algae Combinations in heavy metal removal from waste-waters using photo-bio-reactor
Factors structuring Fucus communities at open and complex coastlines in the Baltic Sea
Handbook of the taxonomic names associated with the non-marine Rhodophycophyta
Seaweed invasions and novel chemical defences
Long-term changes in macroalgal vegetation on the Swedish coast : an evaluation of eutrophication effects with special emphasis on increased organic sedimentation
Liquid biofuels : emergence, development and prospects
Algae and extreme environments : ecology and physiology : proceedimgs of the international conference 11-16 September 2000 Třeboň, Czech Republic
The algae of Connecticut
Diatoms (Diatomeae) from a Diatomaceous deposit in the Northern Transvaal (South Africa)
Acute toxicity of two herbicides, glyphosate and 2,4-D, to Selenastrum capricornutum Printz (Chlorophyta)
Observations on age-dimensional structure of Fucus vesiculosus : the dominating species of waters at the Barents Sea and the Kola Bay
Algal flora of the Chilka Lake
Use of algae and aquatic macrophytes as feed in small-scale aquaculture : a review
Environmental requirements of the dinoflagellate Peridinium cinctum fa. westii
Supplement to Smith's Marine algae of the Monterey Peninsula
Seashore
Modelling phytoplankton in boreal lakes
Biological aspects of Scenedesmus (Chlorophyceae) - phenotypic plasticity
Effects of algal turbidity on foraging and antipredator behaviour of the three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
Removal of nutrients by algae from municipal wastewater contaminated with heavy metals
Migrations and dispersal of marine organisms : proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium held in Reykjavik, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002
Charophytes of the Nordic countries
Algal assays and monitoring eutrophication
The metabolism of algae
Algal photosynthesis : the measurement of algal gas exchange
Taxonomic and environmental studies on Euglenophytes of the Kraków-Czestochowa Upland (southern Poland) : accredited with the International Association for Plant Taxonomy for the purpose of registration of all new plant names
On the origin and assessment of biogenic halocarbons
Phytoplankton investigations in Trondheimsfjord, 1963-1966
Macroalgal community dynamics on coral reefs : implications for management
Brassica crops are rich is phytochemical compounds and frequent consumption of these vegetables has been associated with a lower risk in cancer, heart disease, hypertension and stroke. The effect of three commercial extracts of the brown seaweed, Ascophyllum nodosum, on phytochemical content and yield in cabbage plants was tested under field conditions in two consecutive crops. Total phenolic content was higher in all seaweed treated plants, with the highest increase recorded with AlgaeGreenTM (3.5 l ha-1) with a 2 fold increase relative to the control. The other commercial seaweed extract, XT achieved a lower increases of 1.3 fold (3.5 l ha-1). Similar increases were recorded in total flavonoid content. No statistically significant increases in yield were recorded with any of the seaweed extracts tested. The results suggest that seaweed extracts stimulated an increased accumulation of phytochemicals in cabbage but had no significant effect in yield under these experimental conditions.
Lesser known large dsDNA viruses
Waste streams for algae cultivation
Microbial communities in sea ice
Microalgae - Energy Production and Wastewater Purification : Three Scenarios for Microalgae Cultivation in the Kujala Waste Management Center
Algal assays in water pollution research : proceedings from a Nordic symposium, Oslo, 25-26 October 1972.
British desmids : a supplement to British fresh-water algae
Fatty acid composition as biomarkers of freshwater microalgae: analysis of 37 strains of microalgae in 22 genera and in seven classes
"This book represents the Proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium, held in Reykjavík, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002. The main themes of the symposium were Migrations and Dispersal of Marine Organisms. These themes are highly relevant today. There is widespread man-aided dispersal (e.g. by ballast water) of marine plants and animals, which may have substantial effects on the regions receiving new species. The new introductions may result in reduced diversity of plants and animals and may affect natural resources in the countries receiving toxic algae and other foreign elements. Studies of changes in distribution and dispersal of marine animals and plants are also highly relevant with reference to the changing climate taking place. The study of dispersal has recently gained new impetus with the discovery of the remarkable communities found on isolated hydrothermal vents and cold water seeps in the world's oceans." -- (julkaisija)
Phytoplankton of Baltic environmental gradients : observations on potentially toxic species
Aquaculture : farming aquatic animals and plants
Studies on the Chlorococcal algae (Chlorophyceae). 5
Seaweeds and their uses
Catalogo delle Desmidiaceae (Chlorophyta, Zygnematophyceae) segnalate in Italia = a checklist of Desmids (Chlorophyta, Zygnematophyceae) reported in Italy
Regulation of macroalgal growth by light and nitrogen availability
Sustainability issues in the road map for Finnish companies to the Indian algal biofuel market
Optical phenomena from algal films on the water surface
Multi-stressor effects in boreal streams:disentangling the roles of natural and land use disturbance to stream communities
Textbook of algae
The Present position of our knowledge of the distribution and functions of algae in the soil
The morphology and classification of some Ceramiaceae and Rhodomelaceae
Standard test method for determining the resistance of paint films and related coatings to algal defacement
Ecology of harmful algae
Survival strategies of the algae
Sedimentary diatoms in inferring trophic status and limnological changes in boreal lakes
Advanced biofuels and bioproducts. Volume 1
Enhancement of phenolic and flavonoid compounds in cabbage (Brassica oleraceae) following application of commercial seaweed extracts of the brown seaweed, (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Diatoms from British Columbia (Canada) lakes and their relationship to salinity, nutrients and other limnological variables
FAO field project reports on aquaculture : indexed bibliography, 1966-1995
Patterns, causes and consequences of variation in the phlorotannin content of the brown alga Ascophyllum nodosum
Selected papers in phycology. [1]
The study focused on geological and ecological development of ten lacustrine basins in the Hailuoto – Oulunsalo – Lumijoki siltstone and claystone area of Muhos, and two lacustrine basins in the Kuivaniemi – Simo area of Svecokarelian schists and gneisses. The study on water quality, soil and sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages of natural lacustrine basins, provide background values, which can be used in assessing the state of the water body in environmental studies.Water quality of the ten water bodies was monitored for 14 years. Water samples were studied for 28 different parameters. Soil and sediment geochemistry was studied on seven lacustrine basins by three different extraction methods. Extracts were analysed for ten parameters. The sediment diatom species were examined from five water bodies in accuracy of 1 cm thick layers.In the study area new water bodies are forming mainly in two different ways: isolation of marine bights and damming of dune ponds. The water bodies could be classified into five different groups based on water quality, sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages. These also represent the different developmental stages of the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast. Parameters of the water quality data could be divided into two main groups: electrolyte group and nutrient group. The water bodies studied segregated into two main categories: coastal and inland water bodies. The concentrations of electrolytes and nutrients were characteristically higher in the coastal water bodies compared to the inland water bodies. During the monitoring period eutrophication of the water bodies and significant seasonal variations of water quality were observed. According to the water quality data and diatom indices the prevailing conditions in the coastal water bodies were eutrophic; and in the inland water bodies ranging from mesotrophic to oligotrophic. The lacustrine basins were grouped mainly in accordance with their geochemical provinces. The geochemical gradients of soil, water quality and sediment in the chronosequence of the catchments on Hailuoto Island showed that when marine influence decreased, the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast were observed to be oligotrophying, acidifying, and terrestrializating naturally.
Algae of the Loktak Lake
Algal flora of Korea
The significance of nuclear quantity in the genus micrasterias
Phytobenthos monitoring : two case studies from the Finnish Baltic coast in summer 1993
Water Recycling and Energy Management in Virolan Puutarha
The physiological ecology of seaweeds
A checklist of benthic marine algae of the tropical and subtropical western Atlantic : second revision
California ocean fisheries resources to the year 1960
Rocky-shore algae in the Öregrund archipelago
Tabularia waernii (Diatomophyceae) in the northern Baltic Sea
Heavy metal contamination and toxicity : studies of macroalgae from the Tanzanian coast
Algae biomass : production and use
Metacommunity structuring in stream systems:disentangling
the roles of regional and local processes
Catalogue of Polish prokaryotic and eukaryotic algae = Katalog glonów prokariotycznych i eukariotycznych Polski
Treatment of Wastewater from Mineral Processing by using Algae
A taxonomic revision of the marine species of Cladophora (Chlorophyta) along the coasts of Japan and the Russian Far-east
Vertical distribution of phytoplankton in the Karelian coast of the White Sea
Spatial and temporal variability of freshwater biodiversity in natural and modified forested landscapes
Bioprocess sciences and technology
Diatom taxonomy in the 21st. century in honour of Henri Van Heurck : Symposium in honour of Henry Van Heurck. 23-26 August 2009, National Botanic Garden of Belgium : Programme - Abstracts
Bibliografija na literaturata vurhu vodoraslite v Bulgarija (1890-1969) = Bibliography of literature on algae in Bulgaria (1890-1969)
Life at the underside of Arctic sea-ice: biological interactions between the ice cover and the pelagic realm
Seaweeds at ebb tide : a handbook on Pacific Coast seaweeds - the plants of the strange world between the limits of high and low tides
Observations on Phagocytosis of Coccomyxa parasitica (Coccomyxaceae; Chlorococcales) in Placopecten magellanicus
Occurrence and importance of direct bicarbonate uptake in marine macroalgae
Harmful and toxic algal blooms : proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Toxic Phytoplankton, Sendai, Japan, 12-16 July 1995
The biology of blue-green algae
The structure and distribution of phytoperiphyton community in the Teno River and its tributaries (Finnish Lapland)
The green Algae of North America
Microalgal cultivation and utilization in sustainable energy production
FAO species identification sheets for fishery purposes : Southern Ocean : fishing areas 48, 58 and 88 : CCAMLR Conventiona Area. Volume 1
