http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3335 gorilla
gorilla
Great apes
Gorillatheatre : a practical guide to performing the new outdoor theatre anytime, anywhere
Gorillas : a portraits of the animal world
Mountain gorillas : biology, conversation, and coexistence
The one and only Ivan
The great ape project : equality beyond humanity
Good night, Gorilla
An itch to scratch
The apes : the gorilla, chimpanzee, orangutan, and gibbon : their history and their world
Gorillas, chimpanzees and the giant panda
Ishmael : an adventure of the mind and spirit : a novel
Gorillas are one of our closest living relatives, the largest of all living primates, and teeter on the brink of extinction. These fascinating animals are the focus of this in-depth and comprehensive examination of gorilla biology. Gorilla Biology combines recent research in morphology, genetics and behavioural ecology to reveal the complexity and diversity of gorilla populations. The first section focuses on morphological and molecular variation and underscores the importance of understanding diverse biological patterns at all levels in testing evolutionary and adaptive hypotheses and elucidating subspecies and species diversification. Following are discussions of the ecological constraints that influence gorilla social organization and highlight their surprising flexibility. The book ends with discussions of the conservation status of gorillas and the many and increasing threats to their continued survival. Giving insight into the evolutionary biology of these unique primates, this book will be essential reading for primatologists, anthropologists and evolutionary biologists.
Between man and beast : a tale of exploration and evolution
Kong : the 8th wonder of the world : the junior novel
"The book examines how the museum acquired animals for its exhibits from 1906 to 1948, and how living animals bodies became museum exhibits. Using photographs and documents from the Gothenburg Natural History Museum, the book shows that these museums are in possession of valuable material for writing the cultural history of animals, and that the museums of natural history display a nature that is historically, socially and culturally construed."--P. [4] of cover.
Elephants are not picked from trees : animal biographies in Gothenburg Museum of Natural History
The anatomy of the gorilla : the Henry Cushier Raven memorial volume
Songs of the gorilla nation : my journey through autism
Frankie the blankie
Lives briefly intertwine when two youngsters, their dogs, and their parents cross paths in the park.
Gorilla Biology : A Multidisciplinary Perspective
Little beauty
Baby animals : five stories of  endangered species
Last chance tourism : adapting tourism opportunities in a changing world
The year of the gorilla
Voices in the park
Vincent the Vain
The mountain gorilla : ecology and behavior
