http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3333 alternative movements
alternative movements
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
The Internet and Politics
The company man
Deconstructing political protest
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 02/2008, [Reform of the revolution]
Direct action : an ethnography
Klein has selected & rearranged her newspaper columns to show the gradual rise of the anti-global corporation movement.
What we are fighting for : a radical collective manifesto
Moving from movement to government : the transformation of the Finnish Greens
Smoking typewriters : the Sixties underground press and the rise of alternative media in America
Another Japan is possible : new social movements and global citizenship education
Transforming globalization : challenges and opportunities in the post 9/11 era
How to thrive in the next economy : designing tomorrow's world today
Global movements : action and culture
The anti-capitalist dictionary : movements, histories & motivations
Political returns : irony in politics and theory from Plato to the antinuclear movement
The death and rebirth of American radicalism
The background of this research is the public perception of complementary and alternative therapies. There is an abundance of procedures and techniques that focus on the restoration and maintenance of one's health and wellbeing. This phenomenon has led to the production of a lot of information that must be evaluated by the general public. The main purpose of the research was to answer the following questions: 1) Where do people find out about complementary and alternative therapies? 2) What is their motivation to know more? 3) What is the level of interest and reaction to these therapies? The theoretical framework was based on literature covering an analysis of complementary and alternative therapies, the history of medicine and an analysis of information sources regarding these therapies, as well as medical and scientific public databases. The report was conducted through my own reading and research on the internet regarding complementary and alternative medicine. The main method used was quantitative research involving a questionnaire in; this was to ascertain the public perception of and level of interest in this field. The findings show that public perception towards alternative and complementary medicine is generally positive and there that is a growing interest in this field, due to both health reasons and the search for spiritual fulfilment. However, the public is for the most part poorly informed, as the sources of information often bring up for many questions of validity and reliability. Furthermore, public perception may suffer due to the fact that these therapies are often marketed as common healthcare products or services, through which they can lose some of their authenticity. The report helps the reader understand the overall position of complementary and alternative therapies in the broader context of contemporary medicine, as well as how this specific information is conveyed to the public.
Toward an ecological society
Utne : a different read on life
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 04/2009, Crisis, crisis, crisis! : finance, economy, ecology, politics.
Finland's new social movements
DIY : the rise of lo-fi culture
DIY style : fashion, music and global digital cultures
After the future
Think like a commoner : a short introduction to the life of the commons
A companion to environmental thought
Branded : the buying and selling of teenagers
Frames of Protest brings together important empirical research and theoretical essays by leading sociologists, political scientists, and media specialists that focus on social movement frames and framing practices. Frames are new ways of understanding political and social relations that emphasize injustice and the need for change. As such, they are crucial for the development of social movements and protest. Frames of Protest is the only book to focus exclusively on this major research perspective in social movement and protest studies.
Alternative and activist media
The alternative media handbook
The public image of the alternative and complementary medicine
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 03/2008, Capitalism's secular crisis and the European social model
Senseless acts of beauty : cultures of resistance since the sixties
Street-level democracy : political settings at the margins of global power
Ten thousand saints
Together at the table : sustainability and sustenance in the American agrifood system
Includes more than 250 essays on the varied experiences of social movement media throughout the world in the 20th and 21st centuries.
English summary: Testing the consensus Finland. Student magazine Ylioppilaslehti in the Finnish public sphere of the 80s.
Making sense of social movements
Critics & crusaders : a century of American protest
Fences and windows : dispatches from the front lines of the globalization debate
Tweets and the streets : social media and contemporary activism
Change the world without taking power
Environmental ethics : an anthology
Protest movements and the construction of risk
Remaking media : the struggle to democratize public communication
Seeing green : the politics of ecology explained
Encyclopedia of social movement media
Expect resistance : a crimethink field manual
Queer as a political concept
Imagining other worlds
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 06/2010, Porto Alegre : the world ten years after
Another production is possible : beyond the capitalist canon
The theater is in the street : politics and public performance in sixties America
Zones of proletarian development
Hacktivism and cyberwars : rebels with a cause?
Underground : the London alternative press 1966-74
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 01/2007, Re-founding the European Union?
Americana : alternative country, insurgent country, no depression
Contesting media power : alternative media in a networked world
Healing yourself : the true relationship between mind and body
Self-organisation : counter-economic strategies
Protest : studies of collective behavior and social movements
Smears of Red on neoliberal globalisation : a critical discourse analysis of the leftist features in the political ideology of the global justice movement
Activism! : direct action, hacktivism and the future of society
The people's will
Beyond New Age : exploring alternative spirituality
Why it's still kicking off everywhere : the new global revolutions
The modern utopian : alternative communities of the '60s and '70s
Sujikt : ensimmäinen kirja = Jnoils : den första boken = Iniits : the first book
The dark side of the Left : illiberal Egalitarianism in America
Globalization and its discontents: the rise of postmodern socialisms
Whe n is revolution : irrational right and wrong essays and poems
Electrical Banana : masters of psychedelic art
Rebel cities : from the right to the city to the urban revolution
De-Coca-colonization : making the globe from the inside out
Anti-nuclear movements : a world survey of opposition to nuclear energy
Europe in the making. Johan Galtung
We can't do this alone : Jefferson Hack the system
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 05/2009, Global crisis : resistance, proposals, strategies
Cyberprotest : new media, citizens, and social movements
Through the ages. 2, Time, space, and eternity
Branded : The Buying and Selling of Teenagers
We are many : reflections on movement strategy from occupation to liberation
Alternative and activist new media
Communes and the green vision : counterculture, lifestyle and the New Age
This book offers the first serious exploration of the many different aspects of alternative spirituality. While there is much talk of 'spirituality' now, no other collection has specifically addressed its many 'alternative' -non-ecclesiastical in the broadest sense - manifestations. The authors aim to open up a relatively unexplored and often quite hidden dimension of religion in the modern world through non-confessional, critical study. They establish both the vibrancy of contemporary experiments in alternative spirituality, as well as its historical pedigree. The broad range of subject matter includes magical ritual, independent seekers and gurus, the Theosophical movement, C. G. Jung, turn-of-the-century artistic and spiritual colonies, Iona and Glastonbury, alternative healing, and the influence of secular and humanistic thought. Readers of this fascinating book will gain an overall sense of the sociological, anthropological, historical and ethnographical perspectives on the study of religion and the many alternative forms of spirituality. Key features *International names contributing to this subject area *Increasingly important subject in courses in Religious Studies and Sociology *Wide range of voices in contributions.
'Tweets and the Streets' analyses the culture of the new protest movements of the 21st century. From the Arab Spring to the 'indignados' protests in Spain, Paolo Gerbaudo examines the relationship between the rise of social media and the emergence of new forms of protest.
Ideologies of caring : rethinking community and collectivism
Design for collaborative minds : a visual designers contribution to the collaborative consumption model [sic]
How did the New Left uprising of the 1960s happen? What caused millions of young people--many of them affluent and college educated--to suddenly decide that American society needed to be completely overhauled? Historian John McMillian shows that one answer to these questions can be found in the emergence of a dynamic underground press in the 1960s. Following the lead of papers like the Los Angeles Free Press, the East Village Other, and the Berkeley Barb, young people across the country launched hundreds of mimeographed pamphlets and flyers, small press magazines, and underground newspapers. New and cheap printing technologies had democratized the publishing process, and by the decade's end the combined circulation of underground papers stretched into the millions. Though not technically illegal, these papers were often genuinely subversive, and many who produced and sold them--on street-corners, at poetry readings, gallery openings, and coffeehouses--became targets of harassment from local and federal authorities. With writers who actively participated in the events they described, underground newspapers captured the zeitgeist of the '60s, speaking directly to their readers, and reflecting and magnifying the spirit of cultural and political protest. McMillian gives special attention to the ways underground newspapers fostered a sense of community and played a vital role in shaping the New Left's "movement culture.
After the Future explores our century-long obsession with the concept of "the future." Beginning with F. T. Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto" and the worldwide race toward a new and highly mechanized society that defined the "Century of Progress," highly respected media activist Franco Berardi traces the genesis of future-oriented thought through the punk movement of the early '70s and into the media revolution of the '90s. Cyberculture, the last truly utopian vision of the future, has ended in a clash, and left behind an ever-growing system of virtual life and actual death, of virtual knowledge and actual war. Our future, Berardi argues, has come and gone; the concept has lost its usefulness. Now it's our responsibility to decide what comes next. Drawing on his own involvement with the Autonomia movement in Italy and his collaboration and friendship with leading thinkers of the European political left, including Félix Guattari and Antonio Negri, Berardi presents a highly nuanced analysis of the state of the contemporary working class, and charts a course out of the modern dystopian moment. Franco Berardi, better known in the United States as "Bifo", is an Italian autonomist philosopher and media activist. One of the founders of the notorious Radio Alice, a pirate radio station that became the voice of the autonomous youth movement of Bologna in the late 1970s, Bifo is the author of multiple works of theory, including the recently published The Soul at Work and "The Post-Futurist Manifesto".
Spreading protest : social movements in times of crisis
Frames of protest : social movements and the framing perspective
A journey through alternative ways of living : a design approach for scaling up grassroots initiatives torwards sustainability
Anticapitalism and culture : radical theory and popular politics
Contesting neoliberalism : urban frontiers
Social ecology after Bookchin
A kill in the morning
