http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3330 sense of feeling
sense of feeling
Touching : the human significance of the skin
Neuromagnetic studies on cortical somatosensory functions in infants and children - normal development and effect of early brain lesions
Handbook of perception. 6 B, Feeling and hurting
Brain mechanisms of audiotactile and audiomotor interactions
Tactual perception : a sourcebook
Sensory integration : theory and practice
The psychology of touch
The chemical senses
On touching, Jean-Luc Nancy
Encyclopedia of perception
Multisensory museum : cross-disciplinary perspectives on touch, sound, smell, memory, and space
Customer sense : how the 5 senses influence buying behavior
Tactile processing in human somatosensory and auditory cortices
BPS Manual of psychology practicals : Experiment, Observation and Correlation
Processing of stimulus repetition and change in the somatosensory system : recordings of electrical and magnetic brain responses
Psychology of touch and blindness
Getting a feel for tactile space
Characterizing functional MRI contrast as obtained with diffusion and spin-lock weighted techniques
Physics and biology : from molecules to life
Tactile and vibrotactile sensibility of the human hand : a psychophysical and neurophysiological study
An alternative approach to strengthening tactile memory in hearing impaired adults
Koke-a : touch, feel, and wake up the senses
"Human sensory and perceptual experience is emphasized, and neuroscientific underpinnings of experience introduced. Chapters are written by experts in each of the sensory systems and integrate current findings in active areas of research. The text provides comprehensive treatment of higher perceptual functions (attention, music, language). Sensory systems including vision, audition, spatial orientation, the vestibular system, taste, and olfaction"--
The neural basis of tactile sensations in man : an analysis using a combination of psychophysical, microneurographic and EEG methods
"The New York Times bestselling author examines how our sense of touch and emotion are interconnected   Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world.  From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives-affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 2, Use of loco-regional techniques
How does the ear hear? : and other questions about... the five senses
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 6, Somatosensation
Sensory integrative approaches in occupational therapy
Quantitative and qualitative analysis of touch, cold and warmth in health, neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia
Cold smell, white touch and the beautiful braille : a multisensory approach to visual art
Taste : surprising stories and science about why food tastes good
Science in clothing comfort
Rehabilitation of somatosensory and visual field deficits after stroke : a clinical, neurophysiological and functional imaging study
Clinical tests for the musculoskeletal system : examination, signs, phenomena
Conditioning of electrodermal responses through vicarious instigation and through perceived threat to a performer
Mapping the mind
Spatial touch in presenting information with mobile devices
A touch of eroticism : items of cutlery from the 17th-century Finland
Why red doesn't sound like a bell : understanding the feel of consciousness
Mu rhythm modulation during changes of visual percepts
Tactile intensity functions in patients with sutured peripheral nerve
Temporal order and processing acuity of visual, auditory, and tactile perception in developmentally dyslexic young adults
Activation of ipsilateral primary sensorimotor cortex by median nerve stimulation
An investigation of the clinical assessment of joint position sense
The senses of touch : haptics, affects, and technologies
Towards co-dining : haptic experience in tableware, Lumia
The body social : symbolism, self and society
Touching and imagining : an introduction to tactile art
Emotional responses to friction-based, vibrotactile, and thermal stimuli
Hearing and touching rock art : Finnish rock paintings and the non-visual
Learning through touch : supporting children with visual impairment and additional difficulties
"Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world. From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives--affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
The verbal and the visual : essays in honor of William Sebastiab Heckscher / edited by Karl-Ludwig Selig and Elizabeth Sears
Signals and perception : the fundamentals of human sensation
The handbook of multisensory processes
Touch : the science of the sense that makes us human
Event-related potentials to cross-modal stimuli reveal altered sensory gating in aged
Neurosensory disturbance after bilateral sagittal split osteotomy
For years, marketers have been experimenting with the senses and sensory experiences to create better perceptions of their products. Even with a product as simple as a potato chip, there are many factors that go into the experience of interacting with the chip. How it tastes, how it smells, the sound that eating it makes, and the appearance of its packaging can all influence our perception of the potato chip itself. As scientists and managers begin to recognize the importance of the senses in product design and marketing, more and more products and advertisements have become sensory in nature. Accepting the importance of the senses brings about a change in how a manager views his or her products. What changes can be made in the packaging, branding, and advertising to captivate the consumer's senses? What changes can be made to the product itself? Dr. Krishna helps managers to understand how customers relate to products on a sensory level, detailing the specific interactions unique to each sense and showing them how small sensory changes can make a huge impact. Customer Sense allows managers to unlock the secret world of sensory appeal and to craft unique products and advertisements for their businesses.
Pain : new essays on its nature and the methodology of its study
Sensation and perception
Silent image : the CityBeat project
Surfaces : study on material perceptions and trends
Perception
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
The book of touch
Perception as an integral part of the design process
Coding of velocity of skin indentation in man and monkey : a perceptual-neurophysiological correlation
Sensory history
Neuromagnetic studies of human cortical areas activated by somatosensory and painful stimuli
The handbook of touch : neuroscience, behavioral, and health perspectives
Do fish feel pain
