http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p333 causality
causality
Causal asymmetries
Kant's theory of knowledge : an analytical introduction
Philosophical problems of causation
Tool use and causal cognition
The reality of the future : an essay on time, causation and backward causation
Reason and reality
Understanding human agency
Analytical metaphysics : a collection of essays. Vol. 2, Time and causation
Human will : the search for its physical basis
The lost cause : causation and the mind-body problem
Causality and determination : an inaugural lecture
Human action, deliberation, and causation
Causing harm : a logico-legal study
Causation and modern philosophy
Contemporary science and natural explanation : commonsense conceptions of causality
Readings in the theory of action
The causal theory of mind
Counterfactuals and causal explanation in histography
Emergence in mind
Causation and universals
How we act : causes, reasons, and intentions
Kant on causation : on the fivefold routes to the principle of causation
The reason why : a theory of philosophical explanation
The nature of causation
Hume and the problem of causation
Causation, evidence, and inference
Hume's defence of causal inference
Causality and determinism
Laws of nature
Mind, causation, and world
Scientific research and ontology
The child's conception of physical causality
Patrick Suppes, scientific philosopher. 1, Probability and probabilistic causality
Embodied minds in action
Hume on causation
The end of existence : membership and metaphysics
Doing things for reasons
Cause and chance : causation in an indeterministic world
Causal inferences in nonexperimental research
A probabilistic theory of causality
The cement of the universe : a study of causation
The Oxford handbook of causation
The Chicago guide to writing about numbers
The causes of human behavior : implications for theory and method in the social sciences
A theory of physical probability
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics : causal inference from observational studies
Cause and effect : the Hayden colloquium on scientific method and concept
Comparative causal mapping : the CMAP3 method
Causation and causal theories
Necessity, cause and blame : perspectives on Aristotle's theory
Hooliganism in the shadow of the 9/11 terrorist attack and the tsunami : do police reduce group violence?
Kant's early critics : the empiricist critique of the theoretical philosophy
Concept and quality : a world hypothesis
The metaphysics of powers : their grounding and their manifestations
Causes and coincidences
Physical causation
The logic of causation : definition, induction and deduction of deterministic causality : phases I, II and III
Causal mapping for research in information technology
Occasionalism : causation among the Cartesians
Mind, meaning, and mental disorder : the nature of causal explanation in psychology and psychiatry
Philosophical papers. Vol. 2
God, causality and nature : some problems of causality in medieval theology
Time, tense, and causation
Reality and humean supervenience : essays on the philosophy of David Lewis
Causality between Sponsorship and sales : case study: special Roubaix bicycles
Actions and events : perspectives on the philosophy of Donald Davidson
The facts of causation
A treatise of human nature : in two volumes. 2
Minds, causes, and mechanisms : a case against physicalism
Studies in metaphysics
Understanding interests and causal explanation
Causation in early modern philosophy : Cartesianism, Occasionalism, and preestablished harmony
Will and mechanisms
Studies on ontological and methodological foundations of critical realism in the social sciences
Air transportation and regional growth: which way does the causality run?
Imagined causes : Hume's conception of objects
Causation is a central topic in many areas of philosophy. In metaphysics, philosophers want to know what causation is, and how it is related to laws of nature, probability, action, and freedom of the will. In epistemology, philosophers investigate how causal claims can be inferred from statistical data, and how causation is related to perception, knowledge and explanation. In the philosophy of mind, philosophers want to know whether and how the mind can be said to have causal efficacy, and in ethics, whether there is a moral distinction between acts and omissions and whether the moral value of an act can be judged according to its consequences. And causation is a contested concept in other fields of enquiry, such as biology, physics, and the law. This book provides an in-depth and comprehensive overview of these and other topics, as well as the history of the causation debate from the ancient Greeks to the logical empiricists. The chapters provide surveys of contemporary debates, while often also advancing novel and controversial claims; and each includes a comprehensive bibliography and suggestions for further reading. The book is thus the most comprehensive source of information about causation currently available, and will be invaluable for upper-level undergraduates through to professional philosophers.
Teleological realism : mind, agency, and explanation
The principle of sufficient reason : a reassessment
Commentary on the book of causes
Consequentialism and its critics
Causality in macroeconomics
Why things matter : Camus' Meursault and Descartes' causal principle
Content and consciousness
Induction, probability and causation : selected papers
Causation and laws of nature in early modern philosophy
Current issues in causation
Small world : uncovering nature's hidden networks
Ehy don't You want to be rich? : explanation on the basis of causal structure
This is a study of one of the most important debates in 17th- and 18th-century philosophy: the nature of causation. Ott offers controversial readings of such canonical figures as Descartes, Locke, and Hume, and explores related topics such as intentionality, necessity, and relations.
Parents' causal attributions concerning their children's academic achievement
Thinking about causes : from Greek philosophy to modern physics
Causality and chance in modern physics
Causation, coherence, and concepts : a collection of essays
Causality, interpretation, and the mind
Who is Mrs Green?
The art of clausal conjecture
Causal Powers : a perspective on J.S. Milli's Methodology of Economics
Causation in epidemiology : epistelomogy comes first
The order there is and the order we make : an investigation into the concept of causation
Getting causes from powers
The causation debate in modern philosophy 1637-1739
Understanding causality
Causation, physics, and the constitution of reality : Russell's republic revisited
Cause and explanation in ancient Greek thought
Natural agency : an essay on the causal theory of action
"The causal mapping method has been used in a variety of research areas. The purpose of this book is to provide an introduction to causal mapping for IS researchers and practitioners, providing them everything they need to use causal mapping for both research and application"--Provided by publisher.
The perception of causality
Consciousness and causality : a debate on the nature of mind
The law of causality and its limits
Paradigms lost : learning from environmental mistakes, mishaps, and misdeeds
Nature's capacities and their measurement
Scientific realism and ontology
Mental causation : the mind-body problem
On consequentialist ethics
Theism and explanation
Evidence from wavelet lag coherence for negligible solar forcing of climate at multi-year and decadal periods
Dice of the gods : causality, necessity and chance
Comparative Causal Mapping: The CMAP3 Method, by Mauri Laukkanen and Mingde Wang, is an introduction to the conceptual backgrounds of causal (cognitive) mapping and to the typical methods in comparative and composite causal mapping, based on either interview or questionnaire primary data or on secondary documentary data. The discussed CCM research is supported by CMAP3, a freely downloadable (www.uef.fi/cmap3) Windows software platform for CCM studies. The book has three parts. The first discusses the theoretical underpinnings and methodological issues in causal mapping including the target phenomena and different interpretations of causal maps/mapping, the motives for using CCM methods and the criteria of method selection. The second part focuses on the technical aspects of using CMAP3 in typical CCM research. The third part presents three CCM study cases: a classical document-based study; a semi-structured interview-based (SIM) study; and a methodological study comparing SIM with an electronically administered structured hybrid CCM approach. In addition to demonstrating CCM practices, they suggest that different methods produce divergent results and are thus not substitutable. The research task should determine which CCM approach is appropriate. The book will appeal to both academic and professional audiences, in particular to doctoral students and experienced researchers looking for new topics and method approaches, but also to practitioners in fields such as management and organization studies, organizational development, public policy and education, and knowledge management.
Physical realization
Physicalism and mental causation : the metaphysics of mind and action
Causation and creation in late antiquity
The understanding of causation and the production of action : from infancy to adulthood
Heuristics, probability, and causality : a tribute to Judea Pearl
On causal attribution
Causation in grammatical structures
Cause, mind, and reality : essays honoring C. B. Martin
Causation, prediction, and search
Causality, ontology and deductive explanation
Analytical metaphysics : a collection of essays. Vol.1, Laws of nature, causation, and supervenience
Subject and object in the study of nature
Causality in a social world : moderation, meditation and spill-over
Kant and the metaphysics of causality
Causality and complexity : some problems of causal analysis in the social sciences
Causation : a realist approach
Causation and laws of nature
Bertrand Russell's theories of causation
Downward causation and the neurobiology of free will. Understanding complex systems
Essays in public and labour economics : estimating causal effects using regional variation
Seeing dark things : the philosophy of shadows
Essays concerning Hume's natural philosophy
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Computation, causation, and discovery
Mysticism and logic and other essays
Causation and explanation
The collected philosophical papers of G. E. M. Anscombe. Vol. 2, Metaphysics and the philosophy of mind
Covenant, casuality, and law : a study in the theology of Wolfgang Musculus
Philosophy of action
Hooliganism in the shadow of the 9/11 terrorist attack and the tsunami : do police reduce group violence
Causation and persistence : a theory of causation
Speaking of events
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide and type 2 diabetes is reaching a global epidemic. Epidemiological studies have identified numerous risk factors and pharmacotherapies in relation to these cardiometabolic diseases. However, the detailed molecular mechanisms of these risk factors and drug therapies generally remain incompletely understood. Elucidating the underlying molecular effects would be essential for better understanding of the disease pathogenesis and also for discovering new therapeutic targets. Quantitative serum metabolomics, which allows for simultaneous quantification of multiple circulating metabolic measures, provides a hypothesis-free approach to systematically inspect the metabolic changes in response to endogenous and exogenous stimuli. Metabolomics thus presents a valuable tool to study the detailed molecular effects of disease risk factors and drug therapies. However, current metabolomics studies are mostly conducted in small cross-sectional studies and the causal relations of the risk factors on the metabolic measures are generally unclear, providing limited public health impact. The present thesis serves as a proof-of-concept to illustrate that well-designed observational studies can be used to infer causality. With the exemplars of assessing molecular effects of two risk factors (body mass index and sex hormone-binding globulin) and two drug therapies (statins and oral contraceptives), the thesis demonstrates that an improved causal inference can be achieved in observational studies via the combination of multiple study designs, including cross-sectional, longitudinal and Mendelian randomization analysis. This robust study design approach together with metabolomics data can be also extended to study the molecular effects of other risk factors and drug therapies. With an improved molecular understanding of a wide range of risk factors and therapies, better understanding of disease pathogenesis is ensured.
The metaphysics of scientific realism
Causality : models, reasoning, and inference
Causality and change in modern physics
Evolutionary systems : biological and epistemological perspectives on selection and self-organization
Mental causation : a nonreductive approach
On Schopenhauer's Fourfold root of the principle of sufficient reason
