http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3346 participatory theatre
participatory theatre
As the twenty-first century moves towards its third decade, applied theatre is being shaped by contemporary economic and environmental concerns and is contributing to new conceptual paradigms that influence the ways in which socially engaged art is produced and understood. This collection offers fresh perspectives on the aesthetics, politics and histories of applied theatre. With contributions from leading scholars in the field, the book illuminates theatre in a diverse range of global contexts and regions. Divided into three sections - histories and cultural memories; place, community and environment; and poetics and participation - the chapters interweave cutting-edge theoretical insights with examples of innovative creative practice that traverse different places, spaces and times. Essential reading for researchers and artists working within applied theatre, this collection will also be of interest to those in theatre and performance studies, education, cultural policy, social history and cultural geography.
Drama - a way to social inclusion : practical process descriptions for drama workers
Theatre is a uniquely powerful site for the kind of thinking called for by the crises of climate change. The growing scientific and public consensus about the many looming crises following from climate change is matched by an increasing interest, on the part of artists and scholars, to identify creative strategies and practices capable of mounting adequate and appropriate responses to those crises. Encompassing academic research, theatre work-shopping, playwriting, dramaturgy, and theoretical writing, this book offers a practical, theoretical, and critical engagement with the urgent issue of making art in the age of climate change.
Acting together : performance and the creative transformation of conflict. Vol. 1, Resistance and reconciliation in regions of violence
Research theatre, climate change, and the Ecocide Project : a casebook
Bertolt Brecht : a literary life
Performance affects : applied theatre and the end of effect
Critical perspectives on applied theatre
The melodramatic thread : spectacle and political culture in modern France
How might the organic link between theatre-making and political action be revitalised? And how might a spontaneous vision of a theatre of and for ordinary people be reignited? Since his political exile from Argentina in 1977, theatre director and producer Horacio Czertok has devoted his life to re-imagining the art of the theatre, taking it out of its comfort zone into places of social conflict such as deprived suburban areas, prisons and mental hospitals, as well as open, public spaces, engaging directly with audiences in a spirit of abiding, carnivalesque, and deeply political theatrical experimentation. Adapting a rigorous Stanislavskian theatrical training to the exigencies of raw, immediate encounters with audiences in marginal and open spaces, Czertok's theatre-making is unique, not only in the kinds of capacities and skills it allows actors to develop, but also in the way it renders the question of political efficacy immanent to the very process of making theatre.
Audience participation in theatre : aesthetics of the invitation
Brecht in practice : theatre, theory and performance
Not just a mirror : looking for the political theatre of today
Performance, politics, and the war on terror : "whatever it takes"
Postdramatic theatre and the political : international perspectives on contemporary performance
Stages in the revolution : political theatre in Britain since 1968
Tactical performance : the theory and practice of serious play
David Barnett invites readers, students and theatre-makers to discover new ways of apprehending and making use of Brecht in this clear and accessible study of Brecht's theories and practices. The book analyses how Brecht's ideas can come alive in rehearsal and performance, and reveals just how carefully Brecht realized his vision of a politicized, interventionist theatre. What emerges is a nuanced understanding of Brecht's concepts, his work with actors and his approaches to directing. The reader is encouraged to engage with his method which sought to 'make theatre politically', in order to appreciate the innovations he introduced into his stagecraft. Barnett provides many examples of how Brecht's ideas can be staged, and the final chapter takes a closer look at two very different plays: one written by Brecht and one by a playwright with no acknowledged connection to Brecht. Through an interrogation of The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui and Patrick Marber's Closer, Barnett asks how a Brechtian approach can enliven and illuminate production.
Theatre of exile
A Boal companion : dialogues on theatre and cultural politics
Environmental theater : an expanded new edition including "six axioms for environmental theater"
The political theatre of David Edgar : negation and retrieval
Theatre ecology : environments and performance events
Staging strife : lessons from performing ethnography with Polish Roma women
Interactive acting : acting, improvisation, and interacting for audience participatory theatre
Recently, the idea of “presence” has returned to the arts, humanities, and social sciences. In February 2013, in Zurich's historical Cabaret Voltaire, which was central to the Dada movement almost a hundred years ago, an experimental international symposium took place that put presence under the microscope. Presence: A Conversation at Cabaret Voltaire, Zurich is not a traditional post-conference publication but is conceived as a theatrical discussion of ideas between different speakers, both on and offstage. In contrast to transcribed conversations, monologues are interspersed throughout the book, acting like small, performative interruptions. The lively juxtaposition of both individual speech and colloquy is enhanced by theatrical conventions: characters enter and exit; stage directions mirror those found in the cabaret. --
Performance, ethics and spectatorship in a global age
The art of being many : towards a new theory and practice of gathering
"The popularity of participatory work with audiences is greater than ever, but the invitation to participate is rarely given attention as a feature of performance, or an important element of practice in its own right. This book presents a theory of audience participation in the theatre, based on the importance of the moment of invitation and how an event changes character when such an invitation is made. The materials from which theatre performance is made expand to include the audience participant's body and social being, with the participant's prior experience and expectations, and their embodied, affective response to the performance becoming of vital importance. Attending to this expanded set of performance media allows us to begin to articulate the aesthetics of participation, and thereafter to consider the ethics and politics of participation more precisely. "--
The Piscator experiment : the political theatre
Acting together : performance and the creative transformation of conflict. Vol. 2, Building just and inclusive communities
Tactical Performance tells illuminating stories of underdogs speaking mirth to power through creative activist performance in the streets of cities around the world. It also provides the first ever full-length practical and theoretical guide to this work. L.M.Bogad, a prolific practitioner and scholar of this genre, shares the most effective non-violent tactics and theatrics employed by groups such as the Yes Men and La Pocha Nostra, which have captured the public imagination in recent years. Tactical Performance explores carnivalesque protest in unique depth, looking at the possibilities for direct action and theatrical confrontation with some of the most powerful institutions in the world. It presents an inspiring combination of theory and practice, illustrating the basic principles of creative activism in an absorbing, accessible manner. It is essential reading for anyone interested in creative pranksterism and the global justice movement.
Scandal on stage : European theater as moral trial
Whom to represent, in which way, and with what right? The recent crisis of representation in democracy has also hit the representation machine of theatre at its core. Theatre, long considered to be the political art form, now struggles with how to relate adequately to society. Often it is either trapped into the content-driven world of representation or indulges in the belief of the transformative power of aesthetics alone. Not Just a Mirror maps a movement of artists from all over the world searching for the political theatre of today. A theatre that wants to engage with society both in its contents as in its form, creating a contemporary community in which social and political actions can be deployed and in which societies in their — actual or possible — varieties are played out, performed, expanded, tested, or even invented. Not Just a Mirror is comprised of eight essays, two interviews, and 15 case studies of political theatre makers, and investigates the performing arts as a political laboratory of the present. It explores how theatre, dance, and performance reveal their essential agnosticism, provoking the potential to actively change society rather than merely serving as a cover-up for the dysfunctions, fractures, and wounds of society.
This first English language biography of Bertolt Brecht (1898-1956) in two decades paints a strikingly new picture of one of the twentieth century's most controversial cultural icons. Drawing on letters, diaries and unpublished material, including Brecht's medical records, Parker offers a rich and enthralling account of Brecht's life and work, viewed through the prism of the artist. Tracing his extraordinary life, from his formative years in Augsburg, through the First World War, his politicisation during the Weimar Republic and his years of exile, up to the Berliner Ensemble's dazzling productions in Paris and London, Parker shows how Brecht achieved his transformative effect upon world theatre and poetry. 'Bertolt Brecht: A Literary Life' is a powerful portrait of a great, compulsively contradictory personality, whose artistry left its lasting imprint on modern culture.
Presence : a conversation at Cabaret Voltaire, Zürich
Theatre for community, conflict and dialogue : the Hope is Vital training manual
Punch & Judy: a history
Site dance : choreographers and the lure of alternative spaces
