http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3345 pirates
pirates
The liveship traders trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Stories of pirates
Bourbon island 1730
The Reaver
Phoenix burning
Pirates! : brigands, buccaneers, and privateers in fact, fiction and legend
Yo ho ho! A-pirating we'll go : little pirate poems
Marge and the pirate baby
Pirates : an illustrated history
The dagger's path
Ship of magic
The map to everywhere
A year on a pirate ship
The red wolf conspiracy
Dragon age. [Volume 2] : Those who speak
Pirates : and their Caribbean capers
The tears of dark water
The Pirate ship 1660-1730
The catch : a novel
Adventures of sea
A week of pirate tales
Cup of gold : a life of Sir Henry Morgan, buccaneer, with occasional reference to history
Alex and the Ironic Gentleman
Pirates and armed robbers : guidelines on prevention for masters and ship security officers
The mythology of S. Clay Wilson. Volume 1 : Pirates in the heartland
The unlikely adventures of Mabel Jones
One piece : pirate warriors 3 : PS4
Pirates : a short history of the sea-robbers and adventures who roamed upon the world's oceans
Pirate Gran and the monsters
Dragon age. [Volume 1] : The silent grove
Forest of skulls
Amazing Esme ; and the pirate circus
Pirates and privateers
Pirates : facts, things to make, activities
The Jolley-Rogers and the ghostly galleon
The Pirate-Cruncher
Violence at sea : piracy in the age of global terrorism
The pirate lord
Dragon age. [Volume 3] : Until we sleep
An ABC of pirates
Dressing up as a pirate
Pirate diary : the journal of Jake Carpenter
For Cassandra Leung, bossing around sea monsters is just the family business. She's been a Reckoner trainer-in-training ever since she could walk, raising the giant, genetically engineered beasts to defend ships as they cross the pirate-infested NeoPacific. But when the pirate queen Santa Elena swoops in on Cas's first solo mission and snatches her from the bloodstained decks, Cas's dream of being a full-time trainer seems dead in the water. Waiting for her on the pirate ship is an unhatched Reckoner pup. Santa Elena wants to take back the seas with a monster of her own, and she needs a proper trainer to do it. She orders Cas to raise the pup and teach him to fight for the pirates. If Cas fails, her blood will be the next to paint the sea.
Nelly and the quest for Captain Peabody
Small knight and George and the pirates
Sea fairies of whirlpool gully
Walt Disney's Peter Pan
Blood diamond : a pirate Devlin novel
Treasure Island
Pizza for pirates
The big book of pirates
How to be a pirate
Cap'n Buck : monstrous biographies
The skeleton pirate
The Usborne official pirate's handbook
Amazing Esme and the Sweetshop Circus
Pirate stories for little boys
Polly parrot picks a pirate
Long John Silver. IV : Guiana-Capac
Under the black flag : the romance and the reality of life among the pirates
The high skies adventures of Blue Jay the pirate
The African equation
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
Expecting to inherit her family's Liveship, Althea Vestrit now must defend this animate, intelligent treasure from both her scheming brother-in-law, who plans to use it as a slave ship, and a nation of ruthless pirates, led by Captain Kennit.
Robert Ludlum's the Janson option
The notorious Lady Anne
A pirate's night before Christmas
Attack of the bandit cats
Tingleberries, tuckertubs and telephones : a tale of love and ice-cream
In a post-apocalyptic world, a sect of sun worshippers lives in a closed island community. Toby and Ayla have to infiltrate their temple to retrieve the equipment their ships need. Putting themselves forward to be chosen as the Sun and the Moon at the annual festival, Toby and Ayla discover that they cannot fail - the price of losing is the loss of their tongues. But there are other young couples who are equally desperate to win. The couples are pitted against each other in a series of challenges, including days without sleep, hours sitting in the blistering sun, and a deadly maze.
Alex & the wigpowder treasure
The fall of the dagger
Somali pirates board a ship Joe is holidaying on - can he outwit them and get help? / WorldCat.
Wanted
One piece. vol. 61 : Romance dawn for the new world
A high wind in Jamaica
A is for arrr! : a pirate alphabet
In The Tears of Dark Water, the internationally bestselling author of A Walk Across the Sun and The Garden of Burning Sand delivers an electrifying, moving novel of tragedy, vengeance and redemption set against the backdrop of a pressing contemporary political issue. When Somali pirates hijack an American sailing yacht in the Indian Ocean, a tense standoff orchestrated by top U.S. hostage negotiator Paul Derrick ends in tragedy: Skipper Daniel Parker is shot dead and his troubled son Quentin is critically wounded. The pirates are captured and extradited to stand trial in the USA. A young pirate named Ismail is identified by his cohorts as the shooter. Inquestioning him, Derrick begins to suspect there is more to his story than a zealot driven by simple, bloodthirsty anti-American extremism. But Ismail says little, fearing the truth will endanger the only person he has left in the world: His sister Yasmin.Yasmin is the youngest (and favorite) wife of a radical Islamist leader named Najiib. But Najiib also thinks she shares the rebellious spirit of her brother Ismail--who escaped soon after the siblings were kidnapped from their Mogadishu schoolhouse by Najiib's men. As his mistrust grows, Yasmin begins to plan her own escape. Derrick's sister Megan, a criminal defense lawyer, takes Ismail's case. Sharing her brother's sense that there is a mystery to unravel, she begins an investigation that traces Ismail's journey from Mogadishu to a Kenyan refugee camp to the large Somali immigrant community in Minneapolis. As the tension mounts, Ismail strikes a shocking deal with the U.S. Government that offers him a chance to save Yasmin's future.
Treasure island
Jolly Roger and the pirates of Abdul the Skinhead
The pirate with the golden tooth
The legend of the Gypsy Hawk
The pirates! : in an adventure with scientists
Isle of 100,000 graves
The best book of pirates
Merirosvo Jolly Roger
Maria, Emilio, the governor and her right-hand man have fled Puerto Blanco. On the small island where they're hiding, they've been shocked to discover the Barracuda! But its captain is no longer onboard, and they'll have to venture inland to find him - despite the indigenous tribes who live there. Raffy, meanwhile, wasn't lucky enough to escape, and he is still in the hands of the Spanish forces and the new governor: his former lover and ex-prostitute Keen-Flame?
Long John Silver. III : The Emerald Maze
Spanish gold : captain Woodes Rogers and the true story of the pirates of the Caribbean
Poppy the pirate dog
The Kingfisher Treasury of pirate stories
Pirates go to school
The ship of ghosts
Are you the pirate captain?
Rise of the slippery sea monster
Brief history of pirates and buccaneers
The sea-stone sword
The history of the lives and bloody exploits of the most noted pirates : their trials and executions including a correct account of the late piracies : committed in the West Indies ..
Who's a clever girl then?
A general history of the robberies & murders of the most notorious pirates
Ten little pirates
See inside pirate ships
A general history of the robberies and murders of the most notorious pirates
Mr. Men : adventure with pirates
The leaky battery sets sail
101 amazing facts about pirates
Scream Sea : Elf Girl and Raven Boy
Pirates : the secrets of Blackbeard's world
Pirates of Caribbean [1] : mustan helmen kirous
Pirates of the 21st century : : how modern-day buccaneers are terrorising the world  ́s oceans
City of thirst
Blackbeard's headless body swam around his ship! : the fact or fiction behind pirates
The mermaids of Starfish Reef
Pirates and their Caribbean capers
Teatime for pirates!
Pirates don't take baths
The abyss surrounds us
How pirates really work!
Climb aboard if you dare! : stories from the pirates of the Caribbean
The pirate Devlin
The treasure map
The Captain Pugwash comic book collection
The pirates' picnic
Polly and the pirates
Sigil : Out of time
Pirates, things to make, activities
Long John Silver. I : Lady Vivian Hastings
The pirate cruncher
Women were pirates too
Mungo and the picture book pirates
Kidnap in the Caribbean
Pirates of Black Cove : PC DVD-ROM
Birds of prey
Dead man's hand
