http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3356 agreements
agreements contracts
What they'll never tell you about the music business : the complete guide for musicians, songwriters, producers, managers, industry executives, attorneys, investors and accountants
Internet governance by contract
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 11:2
Dealmaking in the film & television industry : from negotiations to final contracts
Conditions of subcontract for construction for building and engineering works designed by the employer : General conditions, guidance for the preparation of particular conditions of subcontract, forms of letter of subcontractor's offer, contractor's letter of acceptance and subcontract agreement
Situation in Indochina : hearings before the Committee on foreign affairs, House of representatives, ninety-third Congress, first session, on: situation in Indochina - cease-fire agreement and report on the international conference at Paris; February 8 and March 6, 1973.
Uniform rules for contract guarantees
Performance contracting in practice : in search of balance between rhetoric and reality in Finnish public administration
European Union law for international business : an introduction
Multilateral treaties in respect of which the Secretary-General performs depositary functions / List of signatures, ratifications, accessions, etc. as at 31 December.
EU talks on gender in Cotonou policy : rhetorical analysis on gender in the European Union's dialogue with African, Caribbean and Pacific countries
Second publication from a Nordic project on The Effectiveness of multilateral environmental agreements : workshop proceedings and study reports
Starting your career as a freelance writer
Convention sales and services
Essays on the law of treaties : (with a special reference to India)
Directory of import regimes. Part 1, Monitoring import regimes
Breach of treaty
Contracts
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
Cooperation Agreement between the European Economic Community and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ; Agreement between the Member States of the European Coal and Steel Community, ... of Yugoslavia, of the other part : final act
Managing conflict after civil war : the power-sharing and power-dividing approaches
How to succeed in the music business
Evaluation of the protected area network in the Barents Region : using the Programme of work protected areas of the Convention on Biological Diversity as a tool
Guide to the use of FIDIC conditions of contract for works of civil engineering construction
European Convention on Products Liability in Regard to Personal Injury and Death, Strasbourg 27.1.1977 = Convention européenne sur la responsabilité du fait des produits en cas de lésions corporelles ou de dècés
The European Union's preferential trade agreements : performing an Origin Status Assessment
Unlock the potential of contract farming : lessons from Ghana
Self-interested governments, labor unions, and immigration policy
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
EEC-Malta association agreement and protocols and other basic texts
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 4, Bilateral agreements EEC-Asia, EEC-Africa, EEC-America, 1958-1975
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
The ICC agency model contract : a commentary
Social pacts in Europe : emergence, evolution, and institutionalization
The battle backwards : a comparative study of the battle of Kosovo Polje (1389) and the Munich agreement (1938) as political myths
Glossary of international treaties in French, English, Spanish, Italian, Dutch, German and Russian
On international construction project contracts and dispute resolution in international construction arbitration
The contract law of the People's Republic of China = Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo hetongfa
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
Copyright and the curriculum : a survey of the operation and implications of the 1984 pilot copyright licensing arrangements
Contract and risk management for supply chain management professionals
The survey on the ratification processes of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in seven states
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 7, 1977.
The China business model : originality and limits
The law of contracts in a nutshell
The Rome I Regulation on the law applicable to contractual obligations
Does a voluntary conservation program result in a representative protected area network? : The case of Finnish privately owned forests
Regionalism vs. Multilateralism  : An overview of the effects of Regionalism
Drafting and negotiating commercial contracts
Law and practice of transnational contracts
The China Business Model: Originality and Limits emphasizes transformation of the Chinese Business Model over the last decades. The impact of the financial crisis on China helps the reader understand its evolution towards capitalism. Topics covered include CSR, leadership, and management in China, how do these organizations impact the performance of companies, the financing policy of Chinese firms and its evolution till the slowdown, finance and business in China, and how could the banking sector and/or the financial markets help the development of Chinese companies?
Chitty on contracts. 2, Specific contracts : fourth cumulative supplement to the twenty-third edition
The people's Republic of China and the law of treaties
All you need to know about the music business
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Documentation relating to the Federal Governments's policy of détente
Multilateral treaties in respect of which the Secretary-General performs depositary functions : List of signatures, ratifications, accessions, etc. as at 31 December.
The Venetian contract
Draft of a consolidated treaty of the European Union
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Complete EU law : text, cases, and materials
Contract Management on MicroSoft SharePoint Server 2007
International agreements of the multispecies Baltic Sea fisheries : a partition function game approach
Carriage of goods by sea
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
The European-African confrontation : a study in treaty making
Uniform rules for a combined transport document
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
Opting into the common European Sales Law : how to opt-into, or opt-into at all, in B2C contracts?
Commercial law and practice
Documents in international economic law
Experienced and expected support needs in local sustainable energy action planning (SEAP)
Blackstone's international law documents
The Effect of Trade Unionism on Workers : A Case Study on PAM
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
The law of international contracting
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
The insider's guide to outsourcing risks and rewards
The JCT intermediate building contracts 2005
Essays on current account imbalances
Model forms for issuing contract guarantees : under the ICC uniform rules for contract guarantees
Key treaties for the great powers 1814-1914. Vol. 2, 1871-1914
The caterer's lawyer ond hotelier's and restaurateur's legal guide
Comparative analysis of petroleum exploration contracts
The future control of food : a guide to international negotiations and rules on intellectual property, biodiversity and food security
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 6, 1976.
"The 1986 article by Grossman and Hart "A Theory of Vertical and Lateral Integration" has provided a framework for understanding how firm boundaries are defined and how they affect economic performance. The property rights approach has provided a formal way to introduce incomplete contracting ideas into economic modeling. The Impact of Incomplete Contracts on Economics collects papers and opinion pieces on the impact that this property right approach to the firm has had on the economics profession. It shows that the impact has been felt sometimes in significant ways in a variety of fields, ranging from the theory of the firm and their internal organization to industrial organization, international trade, finance, management, public economy, and political economy and political science. Beyond acknowledging how the property rights approach has permeated economics as a whole, the contributions in the book also highlight the road ahead---how the paradigm may change the way research is performed in some of the fields, and what type of research is still missing. The book concludes with a discussion of the foundations of the property rights, and more generally the incomplete contracting, approaches and with a series of contributions showing how behavioral considerations may provide a new way forward"--
Designing a Construction Service Using Service Design : Case Study: Sealing Solutions
Exploring the boundaries of contract
Dominant firms and entry barriers : an input approach
CISG and unification of international trade law
The European Parliament's role in closer EU integration
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
The ICC Model International Sale Contract : Manufactured goods intended for resale
Analysis of the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA)
Reeds 21st century ship management
Case studies in contracting and organization
Contracts for the carriage of goods by land, sea and air
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 5, Bilateral agreements EAEC, ECSC ; Multilateral agreements EEC, EAEC, ECSC, 1952-1975
Contracts for the carriage of goods
Draft international covenant on environment and development
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
A Host state regulatory right in Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET) in Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs)
The feature film distribution deal : a critical analysis of the single most important film industry agreement
The People's Republic of China and the law of treaties
Explanatory report from the General Secretariat of the Council on the simplification of the Community treaties
TRADE UNIONISM AND WORKERS PROTECTION IN FINLAND : A  Case Study of PAM (PALVELUALOJEN AMMATTILITTO PAM ry)
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 2, Bilateral agreements EEC-Europe, 1958-1975
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
The North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA : after eight years, and the neoliberal political economy
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
We are all the same, but .. : Kenyan and Swedish school children's views on children's rights
Russia getting closer to WTO membership : what are the  practical implications?
The pact
Data processing contracts : structure, contents, and negotiation
It's been a hard day's night : Why making international environmental policy is so difficult. A case study of the UNFCCC Copenhagen summit
Hotel housekeeping : operations and management
Towards a new climate regime? : views of China, India, Japan, Russia and The United States on the road to Copenhagen
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
ICC model selective distributorship contract
"In this third book of the Sundering series kicked off by R.A. Salvatore and the dark elf Drizzt, SCRIBE award-winning author Erin M. Evans thrusts her signature character Farideh into a maelstrom of devilish politics and magical intrigue that will have far-reaching implications for the future of the Forgotten Realms.  As the chaos of the Sundering rages around her, young warlock Farideh faces a more personal turmoil wrought by a deal she made with a devil years ago. Hoping to protect her twin sister, she leaves everything she holds dear to assist a wizard in a scheme that pits the devils of the Nine Hells against the gods above.  But when Farideh casts the spell to enter the wizard's remote mountaintop fortress, she picks up a stowaway--a Harper agent named Dahl who isn't so inclined to follow devilish demands. Dahl attempts to escape only to run into a village of odd people, lurking behind an impenetrable wall.  Forced to gaze into the villagers' souls, Farideh points out the ones who seem different, only to watch as the wizard's guard carts them off to fates unknown. Are these villagers or prisoners? Are they blessed or doomed by the gods? As the wizard's guessing game proves more and more diabolical, Farideh resolves to unravel his secrets--even if it means she'll lose her own soul to the Nine Hells"--
Casebook on contract law
Key treaties for the great powers 1814-1914. Vol. 1, 1814-1870
Legal aspects of foodservice management
Service level agreement
Treaty amending certain financial provisions of the treaties establishing the European Communities and of the treaty establishing a single council and a single commission of the European communities ; Treaty amending certain provisions of the protocol on the statute of the European Investment Bank
Advantages and disadvantages of international  contract manufacturing : The opportunities for Finnish companies in Russia
The Boneshaker
A theory of political obligation : membership, commitment, and the bonds of society
Principles of law relating to international trade
The red Indians : an episodic, informal collection of tales from the history of Aboriginal people's struggles in Canada
Cluster munition monitor 2011
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Volume I, Cash flow, risk, agency, information
International law : the essential treaties and other relevant documents
Keeping the door ajar : local border traffic regimes on the EU’s eastern borders
Understanding hospitality law
The pact : a love story
Jack is a boy with a big problem but one day he meets a man who says he has the answer. He just has to do one terrible thing and his problems will be solved. But will Jack go through with it / WorldCat.
Chitty on contracts. 1, General principles : fourth cumulative supplement to the twenty-third edition
Purchasing contracts in the textile industry : how can purchasingcontracts decrease subcontracting risks and reclamations in a textile industry company?
The independent film producer's survival guide : a business and legal sourcebook
Hotel and catering law : an outline of the law relating to hotels, guest houses, restaurants and other catering business
Equilibrium unemployment with capital investments under labour market imperfections
United States security agreements and commitments abroad : Greece and Turkey : hearings before the Subcommittee on United States security agreements and commitments abroad of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, Ninety-first Congress, second session. Pt 7, June 9 and 11, 1970.
The deposit and registration of treaties of international organizations : possible applications of the rules of the Vienna convention on the law of treaties
The Schengen acquis  integrated into the European Union : 1 May 1999
Directory of import regimes. Part 2, Descriptions of import regimes : section A:  OECD
What they'll never tell you about the music business : the myths, the secrets, the lies (& a few truths)
The interpretation of contracts
The law of the sea : declarations and statements with respect to the United Nations convention on the law of the sea and to the agreement relating to the implementation of part XI of the United Nations convention on the law of the sea of 10 December 1982
The responsibilities and rights of both buyer and seller in international trade concerning the conformity of the goods and additional contractual requirements
Creating an added value services model for the  Apprenticeship Center of Itä-Uusimaa
Explanatory report on the European Agreement on the Transmission of Applications for Legal Aid
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
Smith and Thomas : a casebook on contract
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
European union law. 2010-2011
The effect of independence on treaties : a handbook
Anglo-American relations in the twentieth century
Collection fo the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 3, Bilateral agreements EEC-Europe, 1958-1975
Finnish 2002 inventory of HFC, PFC and SF6 emissions
Contract Lifecycle Management on the sell-side : a case study in upstream Oil and Gas industry
Construction planning, programming and control
The Missouri controversy 1819-1821
Joint operating agreements : risk control for the non-operator
The music business contract library
The impact of incomplete contracts on economics
The bride's guide to musicians : live wedding music made easy and affordable
The current state and challenges of vocational education and training in Finland
European Agreement on the Transmission of Applications for Legal Aid, Strasbourg 27.1.1977 = Accord européen sur la transmission des demandes d'assistance judiciaire
Voluntary agreements in environmental policy
Abstract: Regionalism vs. Multilateralism : An overview of the effects of Regionalism. The Purpose of this dissertation was to first find the motives behind and causes for regionalism and to explore the advantages and disadvantages of the phenomenon. Secondly, the intension was to determine the benefits of a possible bilateral FTA between Australia and China and whether a bilateral trade agreement would be more beneficial for the Australian economy than waiting for a multilateral WTO regulated framework. The research was conducted through an extensive literature review. The first part of the research focused on international trade, history of RTAs and the motives behind  regionalism. The research also focused on the traditional "stepping stone" versus "Stumbling Block" debate. The second part focused on Australian economy, trade policies and trade relations between Australia and China. The final part of the research explored the possible Australia – China FTA and on the benefits and limitation of the agreement on the Australian economy. The Study found that there is a pattern in the formation of RTAs and that regionalism is largely a response to globalisation. The research also suggested that although regionalism in certain cases may hinder trade and the formation of a multilateral framework, in general it is trade creating. In addition, a correlation between China's growth and Australia's economic welfare could be detected and the benefits from a bilateral FTA were found to outweigh the disadvantage of one and therefore also be more beneficial  than waiting for a multilateral framework. There are always limitations when a study is carried out using secondary sources. The lack of an empirical study, the limited amount of quantitative research present and the vast amount on prior research in the topic are great limitations. Although an extensive amount of studies have been conducted on regionalism, it is still possible to research and find new  perspectives because regionalism as a phenomenon is multifaceted.
Flexible contracting in project business
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 1, Bilateral agreements EEC-Europe, 1958-1975
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
Murder on the Trans-Siberian Express : an inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Contract management : What is it and how it is managed in Finnish companies
Contract negotiation handbook : software as a service
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 10, 1980.
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
The history of Finnish vocational education and training
Recommendation for general terms and model forms of contracts for testing laboratories
Trump : the art of the deal
EEC-Turkey association agreement and protocols and other basic texts
How youth and children's issues are represented in the media : content analysis on newspaper articles
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 11:1
Russia has cleared an important hurdle in its path to membership of the World Trade Organization (WTO), the signing of the bilateral agreement with the United States.It will still take some months at minimum to finalize Russian membership, and even longer for the effects of membership to be realized.Russia's progress in the WTO negotiations is an important positive sign for international actors of the country's willingness to further integrate with the global economy.Russia has committed to lowering its average import tariff on agricultural and industrial goods by 3 percentage points, but with transition periods.Russia will also liberalize its service sector, but still reserve the right to some restrictions.It is widely believed that WTO membership will have a positive impact on Russia's economic development by enhancing competition and efficiency in the economy and by increasing foreign direct investment (FDI) flows to Russia.Some fears have also been expressed on the ability of domestic companies to survive with the growing competitive pressure.The consequences of future membership will not, however, be dramatic or instantaneous. Keywords: Russia, WTO, trade policy .
The alchemaster's apprentice : a culinary tale from Zamonia
Kill or be killed. Volume one
Human rights : a compilation of international instruments. Vol. 1, 1st part, Universal instruments
Status of multilateral treaties in the field of environment and conservation
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
Simplification of the European Enforcement Procedure
Do you know it when you see it? : a study on the judicial legitimacy of the European Court of Human Rights
The draft Nordic Saami Convention : nations working together
Comparative assessment of credit risk in PPP projects
Entertainment law : cases and materials
Proportionality and best interests : calibrating the twin pillars of child justice in Nigeria
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Civil engineering practice : an introduction
An outline of the law of contract
A comparative study of the regulation governing the use of fixed-term contracts in three EU member states
The absolute essentials of songwriting success : from song dog to top dog : making it in the music business
Decreasing work caused by supplier related non-conformities : Case KONE Industrial Ltd
Jus cogens and the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties : a critical appraisal
Is there scope for gains from revenue-neutral labour tax reforms with flexible outsourcing?
The adversary
The political consequences of the Addis Ababa agreement
Consortium agreements for research projects : multiparty agreements under Belgian contract law
The death of contract
Ship management has constantly had to evolve to take into account the advancements in technology as well as the demands of the shipping industry. Having internet access and email on board ship has meant that the ship manager has to possess certain sets of skills to function effectively in the post, including computer literacy. The emergence of large multi-national ship management companies has also changed how business is conducted and this is turn means that the ship manager and tiers of management within the organization have had to evolve to cope with the demands of working with a multi-national workforce. Furthermore, since the mid-1980s there has been an ever expanding raft of legislation that is more restrictive for companies to meet, and a shrinking of profit margins has seen a shift in how companies are required to operate to survive. This book addresses the demands of 21st century ship management with the focus of the book as much about the people who manage ships as about the theory and practice of ship management.
Annotated and consolidated version of the treaties : as amended by the Treaty of Lisbon
Multilateral treaties deposited with the Secretary-General
Saving Kyoto : an insider's guide to how it works, why it matters and what it means for the future
Summary.
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Volume II, Contracts in general
Law on general conditions in Western Europe
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 8, 1978.
Egoism or altruism? : the politics of the great balancing act
Tolkovyi juriditšheski slovar : pravo i biznes : russko-anglijski, anglo-russki : law and business : Russian-English, English-Russian = Legal glossary
Studies in old Assyrian loan contratcs
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 9, 1979.
Participation screen for collusion in auctions
The Baltic Sea gas pipeline : can we manage it sustainably?. Expert article 375.
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Flexibility in contracting
Queen of kings
Legal aspects of hotel, motel and restaurant operation
Voting rules and budget allocation in an enlarged EU
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
Multilateral treaties deposited with the Secretary-General : status as at 31 December ..
CSCE : a framework for Europe's future : conference on security and cooperation in Europe : Vienna follow-up meeting
Main features and trends in petroleum and mining agreements : a technical paper
Cod fishery of the European Union and Russia at the Baltic Sea : a game-theoretic analysis
The internationalisation of the state: the example of biodiversity-politics
Allocation and sharing in international fisheries agreements
Contract law
Essential texts on human rights for the police : a compilation of international instruments
Assuring the success of the non-proliferation treaty extension conference : excerpts from the panel discussions organized by the NGO Committee on Disarmament, Inc., at the Conference held at the United Nations in New York, 20-21 April, 1994.
Tasks of forest biodiversity management and monitoring deriving from international agreements
Interpreting CISG Article 79 (1): Economic Impediment and the Reasonability Requirement
The negotiation and administration of hotel management contracts
Orgalime general conditions S 2000 : guide on their use and interpretation
Regionalism vs. multilateralism : an overview of the effects of regionalism
Cost effective contract food service : an institutional guide
Pride and prejudice
Not just another tea party : the lasting value of the OSCE
We study the effects of labour market imperfections and capital stock on equilibrium unemployment. With an exogenous capital-labour ratio stronger labour market imperfections promote equilibrium unemployment. The relationship between the long-run unemployment and the capital stock is not monotonic. With sufficiently strong (weak) labour market imperfections capital investment has a wage-moderating (wage-increasing) effect, thereby decreasing (increasing) equilibrium unemployment if the relative bargaining power of the labour union is sufficiently strong (weak). Empirically, we find dispersed longrun effects of capital on unemployment by focusing on 16 OECD countries over 28 years.
Collection of the agreements concluded by the European Communities. Vol. 12.
