http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3358 systems
systems
The modern state and politics
Drupal platform development - A case study of Co-Creation
Government and politics in Southeast Asia
Unmanned aerial system imagery and photogrammetric canopy height data in area-based estimation of forest variables
Global distribution systems (GDSs) in the tourism industry : draft : a study prepared for WTO
Jamming the media : a citizen's guide : reclaiming the tools of communication
DNSSEC key management and exchange
Modern political constitutions : an introduction to the comparative study of their history and existing form
Four African political systems
The Soviet crucible : the Soviet system in theory and practice
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
Diesel fuel injection systems : papers presented at a seminar organized by the Combustion Engines Group of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers and held at the Institution of Mechnical Engineers on 28-29 September 1995.
Political processes in Czechoslovakia 1949-1953 : an instrument of legitimation of the communist regime
Handbook for safe food service management
Embedded computer vision
Surface Production Operations: Facility Piping and Pipeline Systems, Volume III is a hands-on manual for applying mechanical and physical principles to all phases of facility piping and pipeline system design, construction, and operation. For over twenty years this now classic series has taken the guesswork out of the design, selection, specification, installation, operation, testing, and trouble-shooting of surface production equipment. The third volume presents readers with a "hands-on" manual for applying mechanical and physical principles to all phases of facility piping and pipeline system design, construction, and operation. Packed with charts, tables, and diagrams, this authoritative book provides practicing engineer and senior field personnel with a quick but rigorous exposition of piping and pipeline theory, fundamentals, and application. Included is expert advice for determining phase states and their impact on the operating conditions of facility piping and pipeline systems; determining pressure drop and wall thickness; and optimizing line size for gas, liquid, and two-phase lines. Also included are a guide to applying international design codes and standards, and guidance on how to select the appropriate ANSI/API pressure-temperature ratings for pipe flanges, valves, and fittings.
Japan's political system
Rapid prototyping of digital systems
Abstract: The goal of this project was to explain the steps taken to create a Graphical user interface (GUI) for the SIMO forest management-planning framework. This was achieved using the Flex Flash builder. The SIMO UI was built as a client-server. The method used in the project was to devise an experimental model that would make it easy to build the GUI with fewer codes and still makes it flexible and easy to maintain in the near future. Mapping the XML directly with the components model was finally used since it is the only popular method used frequently in encoding and decoding XML documents. The results obtained showed that the Flex Adobe datagrid was not fully developed for the project and as such, I had to create a custom datagrid, the datasheet. Furthermore, as at the time of building the GUI, there was no credible way to work with namespaced XML. This problem was later solved through a series of research and writing custom-components to suit the application. In conclusion, the goal of the project was achieved, flexibility and maintainability, but at the expense of excess codes.
Other governments of Europe : Sweden, Spain, Italy, Yugoslavia, and East Germany
The Soviet system of government
Introduction to British politics
Agent-based modelling of socio-technical systems
The politics of Northern Ireland
Switzerland's political institutions
The growth and structuring of mass politics in western Europe : reflections of possible models of explanation
Security system conversion on a mainframe
Proceedings, 5th Israel Conference on Computer Systems and Software Engineering, [May 28-29, 1991, Herzlia]
Government and politics in Japan : the road to democracy
Right things in the right way : Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : quality guide for staff
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences quality guide for student
Comparing political systems
Page replacement in operating system memory management
Customizing extended warehouse management with SAP® ERP
Mastering HR Management with SAP ERP HCM
Development of Distributed Cache Strategy for Analytic Cluster in an Internet of Things System
Design and Evaluation of Physical Security in Data Centers
This Bachelor's thesis was commissioned by a firm called “IGO Toiminimi“ and the aim of it was to develop a web application to help both the company and private users to post and advertise cars they are selling, renting or exchanging. To develop this application few technologies and tools were used. They include PHP, MySQL, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Bootstrap (to design the interface) and Sublime Text (as a source code editor). It was able to use these tools and technologies by integrating each other to give the desired output. As a result there is a working program that runs in a “localhost” server connection. Users can register and log in to the system in order to interact with the application. As it has not been tested on a real working server on a web, in future the development requires more options for the users for a better interaction with the system in a user friendly and easy way. More technologies might also need to be introduced for a faster and better outcome.
Einstein meets Magritte : an interdisciplinary reflection on science, nature, art, human action and society. Vol. 8, The evolution of complexity : the violet book of "Einstein meets Magritte"
Systems engineering and analysis
Formal development of resilient distributed systems
Computing Resource Optimization Using Open Source Virtualization Technologies
Organizational behavior
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivat prosessien parantamiselle terveyspalveluorganisaatioissa = Quality management systems : guidelines for process improvements in healt[h] service organizations
TE ASM demands to configuration management database
How the Soviet system works : cultural, psychological, and social themes
Microsoft Windows 8
Politics in transition
Whither Malawi? : competing discourses on the postcolony
Urban information orientation system in the ancient city of Pingyao
Oxford companion to politics in India
Politics in everyday life
Government and law : an introduction to the working of the constitution in Britain
Democracy. Vol. 1
Asia: challenge at dawn : personalism versus marxism
Social self-organization : agent-based simulations and experiments to study emergent social behavior
The Canberra model : essays on Australian government
Irish political studies reader : key contributions
American politics and society
Bureaucracy and political development
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
HACCP : a practical approach
Major governments of Asia
Selecting a Deployment Automation Tool for CRM Software in Elisa Oy
How nations are governed
American state politics : an introduction
Modern political regimes : patterns and institutions
Development of the redundantpower supply ofautomation systems
Electric systems, dynamics and stability with artificial intelligence applications
The Resident Assessment Index in Home Care
Server Consolidation with VMware ESXi 3.5
The honorary consul
Biometrics : from fiction to practice /c edited by Eliza Yingzi Du
Windows 7 Bible
User experience (UX) design for libraries
The Impact of the Irrigation System and Agricultural Production on Water Quality in Chókwé
Modern government : a survey of political science
GIS guide to good practice
Monolith ERP and current IT-trends : Creating a step by step development model (SSDM) for existing monolith ERP system to adapt to the current IT-trends
Motorcycle fuel systems techbook
The political system in Austria
Search engine optimization with distributed task scheduling using NodeJS
Pythagorean-hodograph curves : algebra and geometry inseparable
Testing Automation of Embedded Systems through Web Interfaces : Notta for Home - System Testing
Abstract: The Fryske Akademy hosts the Mercator Research Centre, the Network of Schools, and the Mercator Network websites. They were originally developed on Plone® 'content management system' (CMS) platform which had been decided to be replaced by TYPO3® CMS. Additionally, the accessibility features were inadequate.    Little knowledge was available regarding the methodology of converting a Plone-based website to TYPO3 platform. Building up knowledge on this matter as well as clearly documenting the migration were the essential goals of this assignment.    All three Mercator websites were successfully migrated during the project. Achieving this positive outcome resulted from a comprehensive analysis of the initial circumstances, and from a determination to design a verified migration method.    The templates of all three websites were recreated by committing to W3C's Markup Validation, and accessibility was improved by following the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines. Additionally, the flexible template design allowed straight-forward implementation of “neat features” in the end. The Fryske Akademy went live on the new platform as of finishing the writing of this document.    This study teaches that while the actual content migration is merely a mechanical task, recreating existing website's template design under another CMS architecture and/or ideology can be challenging. Nonetheless, redesigning and upgrading an outdated CMS software is an opportunity for an organization to refresh their web presence, and furthermore, renew web editors' toolbox for content management..
SAP master data coordination in a school environment : case HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences
Development of a prototybe web shop
Developing the supply chain for seasonal products
Employee information managment system
In this paper we examine the feasibility of data from unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-borne aerial imagery in stand-level forest inventory. As airborne sensor platforms, UAVs offer advantages cost and flexibility over traditional manned aircraft in forest remote sensing applications in small areas, but they lack range and endurance in larger areas. On the other hand, advances in the processing of digital stereo photography make it possible to produce three-dimensional (3D) forest canopy data on the basis of images acquired using simple lightweight digital camera sensors. In this study, an aerial image orthomosaic and 3D photogrammetric canopy height data were derived from the images acquired by a UAV-borne camera sensor. Laser-based digital terrain model was applied for estimating ground elevation. Features extracted from orthoimages and 3D canopy height data were used to estimate forest variables of sample plots. K-nearest neighbor method was used in the estimation, and a genetic algorithm was applied for selecting an appropriate set of features for the estimation task. Among the selected features, 3D canopy features were given the greatest weight in the estimation supplemented by textural image features. Spectral aerial photograph features were given very low weight in the selected feature set. The accuracy of the forest estimates based on a combination of photogrammetric 3D data and orthoimagery from UAV-borne aerial imaging was at a similar level to those based on airborne laser scanning data and aerial imagery acquired using purpose-built aerial camera from the same study area..
Information architecture in web design : Case Lähde työelämään - Spring to Work
Teach yourself visually Windows 8
CNA Laboratory Enrichment By Virtualization
Democracy in black Africa : survival and revival
Political systems of Latin America
Applied mathematics for restructured electric power systems : optimization, control, and computational intelligence
Government & politics in the Nordic Countries : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
The elements of political science. Vol. 2, Political organization
Windows 7 all-in-one for dummies
European policy-making, implementation and subcentral governments: a survey
Master data quality in ERP deployment projects : case SAP / Roman Korolev
Embedded media processing
Near Field Communication Tag Management System: TagMan case study
American government : national, state, local
Understanding computers : today and tomorrow comprehensive
Data Quality is not new. Many organizations are trying to reach quality during their deployment projects in different ways and using different tools. However following study is not going to talk about tools and how SAP is handy in different aspects of business life. The purpose of the study is to explore the importance of master data quality during deploy-ment projects. Study is representing combination of theory and practical suggestion which can be utilized in real world. Theory part introduce to the reader main aspect of master data in material management and sales and distribution modules of SAP. However the methodology of the study is base on the governance approach which controls master data by variation of regulations and rules. Base on the governance approach, study suggests templates which could be utilize by any organization during collection of master data. Following templates represent general view of the research problem, that means each organization has own way of utilization of the sug-gested templates base on their own processes. In practical part of the study is shown interac-tion between theory and suggested templates, which are utilize in procurement process in SAP. Such utilization will show importance of collection of valid and complete master data during deployment project. Knowledge gained from this study has the potential in assisting medium-sized organizations to improve the quality of the data used in their ERP systems.
Regional integration and the state : the changing nature of sovereignty in Southern Africa and Europe
Exam ref 70-417 : upgrading your skills to MCSA Windows Server 2012
What are the principles that keep our society together? This question is even more difficult to answer than the long-standing question, what are the forces that keep our world together. However, the social challenges of humanity in the 21st century ranging from the financial crises to the impacts of globalization, require us to make fast progress in our understanding of how society works, and how our future can be managed in a resilient and sustainable way. This book can present only a few very first steps towards this ambitious goal. However, based on simple models of social interactions, one can already gain some surprising insights into the social, "macro-level" outcomes and dynamics that is implied by individual, "micro-level" interactions. Depending on the nature of these interactions, they may imply the spontaneous formation of social conventions or the birth of social cooperation, but also their sudden breakdown. This can end in deadly crowd disasters or tragedies of the commons (such as financial crises or environmental destruction). Furthermore, we demonstrate that classical modeling approaches (such as representative agent models) do not provide a sufficient understanding of the self-organization in social systems resulting from individual interactions. The consideration of randomness, spatial or network interdependencies, and nonlinear feedback effects turns out to be crucial to get fundamental insights into how social patterns and dynamics emerge. Given the explanation of sometimes counter-intuitive phenomena resulting from these features and their combination, our evolutionary modeling approach appears to be powerful and insightful. The chapters of this book range from a discussion of the modeling strategy for socio-economic systems over experimental issues up the right way of doing agent-based modeling. We furthermore discuss applications ranging from pedestrian and crowd dynamics over opinion formation, coordination, and cooperation up to^
Automotive systems, sensors and signalling : selected papers from Autotech 95 7 - 9 Noverber 1995.
Democracy. Vol. 4
Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009 application design : design and extend complete applications using Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
Modern political systems : Europe
Service systems implementation
Learning environment of Exertus control systems
Design as discourse : representation, representational practice, and social practice
Windows 8 for dummies : quick reference
Abstract: ERP acquisition in small businesses - case Helpten. The objective of this thesis was to survey which, or what kind of Enterprise Resource Planning system is most suitable for the growing small business Helpten and to make a proposal to Helpten management on the most suitable system provider. The aim was to find a system to support business in a better way than the current system. Literature on ERP acquisition was studied to support the system survey. The focus was on system acquisition in small businesses. As part of the study a requirement specification for the new system was made between management and employees in the customer company. Based on the requirement specification currently available, ERP systems were surveyed for suitable alternatives and potential ERP system providers were interviewed. Three different systems were compared and scored based on criteria of the requirement specification. On the basis of the comparison and system presentations it could be concluded that the best system to meet the needs of Helpten could be Microsoft Dynamics NAV and Dynamics CRM. The delivery model and the functionality of the system responded to the imposed demands set by the company. The study also showed that large system providers also provide good system alternatives for small businesses, taking their specific needs into account. The survey also showed the challenges of information system acquisition in a small business, where similar acquisitions have not been done before. Based on the study it was found that special attention has to be put to the planning and requirement specification of the new system.
Handbook of systems analysis: overview of uses, procedures, applications, and practice
Political organization : volume two of The elements of political science
Fundamentals of motor vehicle technology
Control system design and commissioning for a model of a lifter vehicle
Systems engineering principles and practice
Windows 8 for the older and wiser : get up and running on your computer
Contemporary British politics
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
Rethinking popular representation
This thesis project was mostly aimed to implement the distributed system using NodeJS with the feature of asynchronous task processing as a driving factor for the applications efficiency. Also a significant amount of time was spent on the client side development for a better usability and UI experience for the users. This application has a significant scope on the current market. It can target at any kind of business from small start-ups to huge corporations and increase their competitiveness on the Internet (search engines) by allowing companies to easily and efficiently get closer to their customers. A running beta version of this application can be found on http://beta.adquanto.com.
POLITICAL SYSTEMS OF THE WORLD
The Queen's government
Government and politics in the Nordic countries : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
Political parties : their organization and activity in the modern state
Comparative European politics
Damage prognosis for aerospace, civil and mechanical systems
Self-management in distributed systems : smart adaptive framework for pervasive computing environments
Abstract: Hannah Arendt's storytelling: an approach to the understanding contingency.
Abstract: The paradoxes of power in South Africas's political transition.
Opposition politics in independent Zimbabwe
Decision makers in large scale interconnected network systems require simulation models for decision support. The behaviour of these systems is determined by many actors, situated in a dynamic, multi-actor, multi-objective and multi-level environment. How can such systems be modelled and how can the socio-technical complexity be captured? Agent-based modelling is a proven approach to handle this challenge.This book provides a practical introduction to agent-based modelling of socio-technical systems, based on a methodology that has been developed at Delft University of Technology and which has been deployed in a large number of case studies. The book consists of two parts: the first presents the background, theory and methodology as well as practical guidelines and procedures for building models. In the second part this theory is applied to a number of case studies, where for each model the development steps are presented extensively, preparing the reader for creating own models.
Commissioning of heating systems
Autopoiesis : a theory of living organization
Government and administration in western Europe
Planning and establishing a radio advertising measurement system
The government and politics of Britain
Report of the seventh scandinavian research seminar on systemeering. Helsinki Aug 26-29, 1984. 1.
Methodology for dynamic stability and robustness analysis of commercial-power-module-based dc-distributed systems
Modeling the Hathi-2 monitoring system
Improving Process the Efficiency of WPC Extrusion by a Production Loss Monitoring System : Case: UPM ProFi
"The goal of this book is to teach the reader to measure and model linear dynamic systems (in the presence of nonlinear distortions) from a practical point of view"--
Development of forest certification in Finland
Effective SAP® SD : get the most out of your SAP SD implementation
A United Kingdom : an argument and a challenge for a better Britain
Dutch government and politics. Rudy B. Andeweg and Galen A. Irwin
IMPLEMENTATION OF WIRELESS HART TECHNOLOGY FOR LIQUID LEVEL CONTROL AND MONITORING
Systems analysis and design
The Russian imperial award system during the reign of Nicholas II 1894-1917
Windows 8 for dummies
Capable to match (CTM) with SAP APO
Multi-channel solutions for interactive services : channels and their rates of interactivity
Design of water cooling system for 6-axis welding robot drives
Building a foundation for smart energy management system
User assesment of the phone call recording system Nicelog
Viability and resilience of complex systems : concepts, methods and case studies from ecology and society
The American political process
Semi-presidential aspects in the year 2000 Constitution of Finland
Risk management in ERP Projects : Case: Upgrading to Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
Democracy by decree : prospects and limits of imposed consociational democracy in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Comparative politics today : a world view
Utilizing environmental management system in a new market area : barriers and benefits; case WWF's green office in Vietnam
Nordic health care systems : recent reforms and current policy challenges
Possibilities to Operational Use of Remotely Piloted Aircrafts in Finland : Miehittämättömien ilma-alusjärjestelmien operatiivisen käytön mahdollistaminen Suomessa
The whistler
Process technology equipment and systems
Toward higher education in an active society : three policy guidelines
The Government of the Soviet Union
Function blocks (FB) for process control. Part 2, Specification of FB concept
Recent Changes and New Trens in Extrafamilial Child Care : An International Perspective
Electrical Power Systems : design and analysis
On the Soviet state apparatus : articles and speeches
This book explores the ways in which representative democracy works in two neighbouring collections of European states: the Nordic (Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden) and the Baltic (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania). Starting from a Nordic vantage point, contributors explore the extent to which aspects of politics function similarly or dissimilarly across the two groups of democratic states, acknowledging the differences in models of democracy that occur within each group. Authors explore the possibility that some of the apparently successful institutional features of Nordic politics have somehow influenced politics in the Baltic states, despite the considerable contextual differences between the two groups. The Nordic-Baltic comparison is particularly worthy of study, given the comparative stability of the Nordic democracies and the half century of occupation by a totalitarian dictatorship that the Baltic states endured.The central, guiding questions are: how does political representation work in countries that have a lot in common, but also a few significant contextual dissimilarities; and what, if any, relationships between the respective styles of democracy can be identified? Using a variety of theories, perspectives and methods, the empirical studies that populate the book seek to offer reflections on these questions.
With its empirical focus on the South, this book takes its point of departure in the movement for liberalisation and democratisation that characterised the 1980s and 1990s.
Geographic indexing and data management for 3D-visualisation
Tempos in science and nature: structures, relations, and complexity
Political life and institutions in Norway
Windows 7 visual quick tips
Migration and enhancement of Plone-based multilingual website to TYPO3 platform
The American political system
Models of democracy in Nordic and Baltic Europe : political institutions and discourse
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Comparative government : a reader
GPRS : gateway to third generation mobile networks
ADempiere 3.4 ERP solutions : design, configure, and implement a robust enterprise resource planning system in your organization by using ADempiere
Design and implementation of questions and answers (QnA) system : connecting the students closer
A cost increase alaysis of weapon systems using the Paache index : cases from the German Bunderwehr
Politics and power in the U.S.A
Rigorous development of safety-critical systems
ERP Software : implementing business process reengineering using SAP business one
"This book enables readers to understand system identification and linear system modeling through 100 practical exercises without requiring complex theoretical knowledge. The contents encompass state-of-the-art system identification methods, with both time and frequency domain system identification methods covered, including the pros and cons of each. Each chapter features MATLAB exercises, discussions of the exercises, accompanying MATLAB downloads, and larger projects that serve as potential assignments in this learn-by-doing resource"--
Health Care System of Tanzania and the Flow of Health Care Information at Mbeya Region
Ideology, politics, and government in the Soviet Union : an introduction
Prospects for democracy in Asia
Understanding Japanese society
A practical guide to exhaust gas cleaning systems for the maritime industry : EGCDA handbook 2012
Capacity modeling of IT systems
To the end of June : the intimate life of American foster care
Understanding computers : today and tomorrow introductory
The constitution of liberty
Substance and style of cabinet decision-making
Total workday control using Microsoft Outlook
Our American government
Australian democracy : an introduction to the political system
Abstract.
Modern politics and government
Computing resource optimization using open source virtualization technologies
Antifragile : how to live in a world we don't understand
Turbulence, coherent structures, dynamic systems and symmetry
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
Management information systems : managing information technology in the business enterprise
The accountability and audit of governments : a comparative study
Business brief: Britain
Politics and government : how people decide their fate
The role of the constitution in a changing society : joint Polish-Norwegian conference Oslo, 14.-16. May 1991.
Logic synthesis for field-programmable gate arrays
Modelling and analysis techniques for capasity planning
Low-voltage switchgear and controlgear = Appareillage à basse tension. Part 2 = Partie 2, Circuit-breakers = Disjoncteurs
Should old-age benefits be earnings-tested?
Surface production operations. Volume III, Facility piping and pipeline systems
Major European governments
Product Structure Optimization for the Network Management System Software : Case Study
THE POLITICAL DYNAMICS OF JAPAN
Linux all-in-one for dummies
This thesis explores the best approach to achieving a cost and time efficient Business Process Reengineering (BPR) in Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) using SAP Business One. Various journals and articles were literarily reviewed to get a broader knowledge on key issues surrounding implementing Business Process Reengineering (BPR) via an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system. Furthermore, interpersonal interrogation and interview were carried out with one of the users of SAP Business One in a Nigerian bank in order to obtain hand-on information regarding the subject matter in this thesis. Hence, this thesis identified issues that affect the outcome of ERP implementation in SMEs; be it successful or otherwise. Also, the author of this thesis work is able to realize through it findings that the single major deciding factor in the seamless ERP implementation for any organisation is it ability to determine the appropriate system for the organisation's business need. The theoretical study further buttresses the need for further research focusing on SMEs need of ERP system implementation. Also, SAP Business One is in absolute need of academic reviews, as its very difficult finding non-commercially inclined article, journal or textbook on this application. By identifying the most appropriate ERP need for individual firms as much as best approach to implementing it, SMEs can best achieve success stories similar to what their larger counterpart has been enjoying due to it cost-efficiency advantage. It is the hope of the author that this thesis would be of invaluable benefit to SMEs considering implementing BPR using ERP software; most especially the SAP Business One.
Fundamentals of HVAC control systems
Abstract: Order or autonomy? The concept of power in the Finnish constitutional debate of 1918.
SAP project system handbook
Abstract: User assesment of the phone call recording system Nicelog. The study was done to gather and analyze user experiences of the phone call recording system NICElog in Sampo Bank's Contact Center Helsinki. The study also explains technical details of the phone network used in Sampo Bank's Contact Center and sheds light on legal issues concerning phone banking and the recording of calls.    The main focus of the study were the interviews that were done with five team leaders who use NICElog in their daily work and also the interview with the director of the contact center of Sampo Bank Asko Mikkonen and the interview with Reijo Aarnio, the Data Protection Ombudsman of Finland. These interviews give a broad view of the daily user experiences of NICElog and the demands NICElog has to meet from the company's perspective and from the customers' perspective.    The phone network and what techniques it is based on was explained by Juha Ulpovaara and these techniques are explained in the study. The director of the study in the company, Juha Ulpovaara, also aided in compiling the interview questions and he also helped to decide who should be interviewed. The part of the legal issues of the study were done based on the conversations with Asko Mikkonen and Reijo Aarnio and also the official procedures of Sampo Bank.    The interviews were conducted with five team leaders and in the interviews it was found out that the phone call recording system NICElog has some problems for example user id related but other than those the image of NICElog was positive. NICElog is an essential program in phone banking but also a very efficient tool in improving customer service skills.
The government of Britain
The genius of kinship : the phenomenon of human kinship and the global diversity of kinship terminologies
Failure analysis : a practical guide for manufacturers of electronic components and systems
Integrating open source distributed rendering solutions in public and closed networking environments
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
Windows 8 visual quick tips
The relationship between history and the future
Democracy in America
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Semihard systems thinking : the symptom of an emerging metaphor
Operating systems : internals and design principles
Corporatism and comparative politics : the other great "ism"
Information system for a secondary school in Nigeria: a case study on CHSA
The development of a new system for charging forklift batteries
LINNEA2 - A new integrated library system for the national library network
Democracy. Vol. 2
conflict, and also address the response to information, issues of systemic risks in society and economics, and new approaches to manage complexity in socio-economic systems.
ERP acquisition in small businesses : case Helpten
Digital signal integrity : modeling and simulation with interconnects and packages
Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA server 2006 migration guide
Preparing for ERP Implementation : Case: Enersize Oy
A survey of user experience regarding sales and recurring invoicing processes
The Soviet system in theory and practice : Western and Soviet views
The American presidency
Simulation and optimization user interface : a flex application
Modernization of the electrical centre of a grain dryer
Constitutional government in India
Renew the car track control panel programming with SIEMENS
Mastering system identification in 100 exercises
Solar and Heat Pump Systems for Residential Buildings
Tiivistelmä: Developing the supply chain for seasonal products.
Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)control systems are omnipresent in modern buildings. This book is an introduction to all those involved in the specification, design, manufacture, installation, operation or maintainance of these systems. The book explains: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams. Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications.The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols .DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning After completing this course, you will understand: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams.Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications. The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols. DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning.
