http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3366 hurry
hurry
In praise of slow : how a worldwide movement is challenging the cul of speed
Teaching mindfulness : a practical guide for clinicians and educators
How to save an hour every day
Master your workday now! : proven strategies to control chaos, create outcomes & connect your work to who you really are
100 ways to simplify your life
Competing claims in work and family life
Getting things done : the art of stress-free productivity
Faster : the acceleration of just about everything
Abstract.
By living to glorify God, and letting go of what lies behind, you have the power to change your live. Meyer shows you one hundred ways to immediately improve your life, and let God help you live a simple life.
How to relax
The complete idiot's guide to beating stress
The culture of speed : the coming of immediacy
Time : a user's guide
Living on a knife's edge: Temporal conflicts in welfare service work
High-speed society : social acceleration, power, and modernity
The hurried child : growing up too fast too soon
Just in time
Splash : Anna Hibiscus!
Stress in turbulent times
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Time & stress management for rookies
Pressed for time : the acceleration of life in digital capitalism
Three decades of working conditions : findings of Finnish Quality of Work Life Surveys 1977-2008
Liberal democracy and the social acceleration of time
"Examines the processes of acceleration in politics, economic, culture, and society at large. Focuses on why and how the high-speed contours of crucial forms of social activity now shape so many facets of human existence, and suggests possible responses"--Provided by publisher.
The burnout companion to study and practice : a critical analysis
Hurry up and slow down
Stress in life and at work
The gift
Mindfulness for busy people : turning frantic and frazzled into calm and composed
Haste and well-being at work : a research plan
Mummy and me
Busy, wise and idle time : a study of the temporalities of consumption in the environmental debate
Working time and family time : experiences of the work and family interface among dual-earning couples in Finland
Hector finds time
Too busy for Benjie
Busy : how to thrive in a world of too much
The fantastic Mr Wani
Peace is every breath : a practice for our busy lives
So much, so fast, so little time : coming to terms with rapid change and its consequences
Tyranny of the moment : fast and slow time in the information age
Time : the impact on body and soul : the XX Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Symposium, Hanasaari Congress Center, September 22-24, 2005
The man in a hurry / Paul Morand ; translated from the French by Euan Cameron
The 15 minute rule
Taloussosiologian monet kasvot = The many faces of economic sociology
The personal efficiency program : how to stop feeling overwhelmed and win back control of your work!
Engaged or Not? A Comparative Study on Factors Inducing Work Engagement in Call Center and Service Sector Work.
