http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3367 time use
time use
How to save an hour every day
Journal of occupational science
Time and school learning : theory, research and practice
Fast Cycle Time : how to align purpose, strategy, and structure for speed
Time use trends in Finland and in Hungary
Time : a user's guide
The barefoot executive
Leisure and leisure services in the 21st century
2006 survey on time use and leisure activities. Volume 7, Summary results and analyses (questionnaire A)
Contemporary society and the growth of leisure
Organize yourself!
Leisure and work
A leisure of one's own : a feminist perspective on women's leisure
Weekly Calendar Planning Activity (WCPA) : a performance test of executive function
How to be Parisian : wherever you are
The Importance of being lazy : in praise of play, leisure, and vacations
Time power : a proven system for getting more done in less time than you ever thought possible
"In this book, the author provides an understanding of why some people habitually, compulsively, and chronically delay the start or completion of tasks to the point that they become upset and worried about meeting the deadline. Many of the procrastination books currently available focus on time-management techniques, but Dr. Ferrari, a procrastination expert and media personality, believes these books just scratch the surface of the issue. In this book, he shares more than two decades of research on the causes and consequences of chronic procrastination"--Provided by publisher.
Developing a purchase process : case: Prisma Peremarket AS
Forwarding has been carried out for 50 years, but much is still unknown about this work. Its complexity comes from both stand features and essential decision-making. Forwarding time consumption is influenced by e.g. log concentrations and number of assortments..
The defining decade : why your twenties matter-and how to make the most of them now
How to create zero-search-time computer documentation
Time management for system administrators
The changing use of time : report from an international workshop
Overwhelmed : work, love, and play when no one has the time
Sharpen your team's skills in time management
The get yourself organized project : 21 steps to less mess and stress
Leisure time, work and cultural activities in present Finnish daily routines
Women, work and family in Britain and Germany
Harvard business review on becoming a high performance manager
The power of less : the 6 essential productivity principles that will change your life
Research methods for leisure and tourism : a practical guide
Hector finds time
Busy : how to thrive in a world of too much
An econometric analysis of time use in Finnish households
Dimensions of leisure for life : individuals and society
How to do everything and still have time for yourself
Slow tourism : experiences and mobilities
The leisure age : its challenge to recreation
Managing people for the first time : gaining commitment and improving performance
Winning without losing : 66 strategies for succeeding in business while living a happy and balanced life
The 80/20 principle : the secret of achieving more with less
Effects of the number of assortments and log concentration on time consumption for forwarding
The mind gym : give me time
Master your workday now! : proven strategies to control chaos, create outcomes & connect your work to who you really are
The one thing : the surprisingly simple truth behind extraordinary results
Work analysis and design for hotels, restaurants and institutions
The time trap
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
How do we spend our time? : evidence from the American time use survey
In search of time : time of work and fiesta time in the PGRSAP project : development project "Proyecto de Gestion de Riesgos y Seguridad Alimentaria en la cuenca de San Pedro", Bolivia
Successful time management : be the productive person you want to be!
Manage your time
Mobile phone customization work development and improvement
Eliminate the chaos at work : 25 techniques to increase productivity
New directions in the theory and research of serious leisure
Video violence and children
The 80/20 manager
World class selling : the complete selling process
Taking one's time
Time use research in the social sciences
The 1979 time use study method
Getting organised
'Deep work' is the ability to focus without distraction on a cognitively demanding task. Deep work will make you better at what you do, achieve more in less time and provide the sense of true fulfilment that comes from mastery of a skill. And yet most people have lost the ability to go deep - spending their days instead in a frantic blur of e-mail and social media, not even realising there's a better way. A mix of cultural criticism and actionable advice, Deep Work takes the reader on a journey through memorable stories - from Carl Jung building a stone tower in the woods to focus his mind, to a social media pioneer buying a round-trip to Tokyo to write a book free from distraction in the air - and surprising suggestions, such as the claim that most professionals should quit social media and that everyone should practise being bored. Deep Work will point the way to anyone seeking focused success in a distracted world.
Using clear, readable prose, conceptual artist and poet Kenneth Goldsmith's manifesto shows how our time on the Internet is not really wasted but is quite productive and creative as he puts the experience in its proper theoretical and philosophical context. Kenneth Goldsmith thinks the Internet demands active engagement - and it's actually making us more social, more creative, even more productive. When we're "wasting time," we're actually creating a culture of collaboration. Wide-ranging, counterintuitive, engrossing, unpredictable - like the Internet itself - this is the manifesto you didn't know you needed.
Aging and leisure : a research perspective into the meaningful use of time
Child perspectives on income and time use  in Finnish families in the 1990s
"We are entering a new era of leisure. Quality rather than quantity is now the focus of researchers, policymakers and managers. Technological change, an ageing population and a harsh economic climate are changing the values and practices of leisure, as well as the relationship between leisure, society and the individual. Contemporary Perspectives in Leisure uses a variety of disciplinary approaches to introduce the most important trends in contemporary leisure in the Twenty-First Century. With contributions from some of the leading international figures in modern leisure studies, the book examines key philosophical and theoretical debates around leisure, with reference to concepts such as happiness, enjoyment and quality of life, as well as the most interesting contemporary themes in leisure studies, from youth leisure and 'dark' leisure to technology and adventure. Understanding changes in leisure helps us to better understand changes in wider society. Contemporary Perspectives in Leisure is a perfect companion to any course in leisure studies, and useful reading for any student or scholar working in sociology, cultural studies, recreation, tourism, sport, or social psychology"--
On time to the doctorate : a study of the increased time to complete doctorates in science and engineering
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Time management for manic mums : get control of your life in 7 weeks
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
The temporal welfare state
Time use changes in Finland in the 1980s
The girlfriends' guide to getting your life back after children : loving your family without losing your mind
Still procrastinating? : the no-regrets guide to getting it done
Time management 24/7 : how to double your effectiveness
Wasting Time on the Internet
The lost art of walking : the history, science, philosophy, literature, theory and practice of pedestrianism
Leisure in your life : an exploration
Managing school time
Pip pip : a sideways look at time
Perpetual contact : mobile communication, private talk, public performance
Faster : the acceleration of just about everything
Potluck cookery : 320 answers to the problem of "left-overs", answers to "nothing-in-the-house" puzzle, money-saving, time-saving, easy-to-follow royal roads to original cooking with what you have on hand in the cupboard or refrigerator
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
Time use studies world wide : a collection of papers presented at the 1989 Varna conference of the International Association for Time Use Research
The 4-hour work week : escape the 9-5, live anywhere and join the new rich
The complete idiot's guide to beating stress
"Still Procrastinating? is based on science - not opinion or popular misconceptions about procrastination- and these results are written in an engaging way in order to help readers understand the problem and find solutions. Ferrari shows that for many men and women chronic procrastination is not about poor time management, but about self-sabotaging tendencies which handicap them from reaching their full potential. Procrastination is a learned behavior, so it can be unlearned, too. Preface Chapter 1: Everyone Procrastinates, But NOT Every One is a Procrastinator Chapter 2: "I'm Better Under Pressure" : The Arousal Procrastinator Myth Chapter 3: Indecision: Decisional Procrastination Chapter 4: Why Self-regulation Fails: How You're Your Own Worst Enemy Chapter 5: Perfection is Pure Fiction Chapter 6: Technology: Making It Easier to Procrastinate? Chapter 7: Why the Time of Day Matters to Procrastinators Chapter 8: The RRR of Procrastination: Reactance, Revenge, and Regret Chapter 9: Social Support: Getting By With A Little Help From My Friends? Chapter 10: Academic Procrastination: Why Students Delay, and What it Means for the Rest of Their Lives Chapter 11: Procrastination at Work Chapter 12: Procrastination and Personality Styles Epilogue References"--Provided by publisher.
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Time tactics of very successful people
Smart Guide to Managing Your Time
Sales management and organisation
Housework time in Bulgaria and Finland
"Packed with tips and techniques, Successful Time Management serves as a guide to reviewing and assessing new work practices to improve time management. It includes great time-saving ideas, practical solutions, checklists, and advice on controlling paperwork, delegating and working with others, prioritizing to focus on key issues, and getting and staying organized. This new third edition contains new practical tips on using email in a time effective manner and dealing with other internet-based tools and apps to help productivity"--
Get your sh!t together : your prescription for a simpler life, or, life is a grit sandwich
Timepiece : extending and enhancing learning time
Leisure studies : Volume IV, research issues and agenda
The 4-hour work week
Reset your child's brain : a four-week plan to end meltdowns, raise grades, and boost social skills by reversing the effects of electronic screen-time
Get your inbox down to zero
Labor in the rural household economy of the Zairian basin
In praise of slow : how a worldwide movement is challenging the cult of speed
How to be a productivity ninja : worry less, achieve more, love what you do
Work simply : embracing the power of your personal productivity style
Health and social care management : a guide to self-development
Art before breakfast : a zillion ways to be more creative no matter how busy you are
Transform your life : 10 steps to real results
Scarcity : why having too little means so much
The seven-day weekend : finding the work/life balance
Richard Scarry's best lowly worm book ever!
The 15 minute rule
Sociology of leisure
Man's work and leisure
Downshifting : how to work less and enjoy life more
Use of time in Hungary and in Finland : comparison of results of time budget surveys by the Central Statistical Offices of Finland and Hungary
Development of Anticafe Concept in Finland
The secret world of the working mother : juggling work, kids and sanity
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
Two awesome hours : science-based strategies to harness your best time and get your most important work done
Time resources, society and ecology : on the capacity for human interaction in space and time. Part 1, Preindustrial societies
Five Imaginary Interviews : Charles C. Ballou on Niko Luoma
Time and consumption : time use and consumption in Denmark in recent decades
Early retirement and use of time by older Finns
Put time management to work : get organized, steamline processes, use the right technology
The Buzan study skills handbook
Successful time management in a week
Successful time management for dummies
A Trade Union analysis of time study
Along came you
Making time : why time seems to pass at different speeds and how to control it
Easy gourmet cooking
The best interface is no interface : the simple path to brilliant technology
Make every minute count
Time use changes in Finland through the 1990s
Pointillist, cyclical, and overlapping : multidimensional facets of time in online learning
The impact of distance to the farm compound on the options for use of the cereal plot
Finding time : how corporations, individual and families can benefit from new work practices
Contemporary perspectives in leisure : meanings, motives and lifelong learning
The gift
Allocation of time within the family when the time spent together matters
Eat that frog! : 21 great ways to stop procrastinating and get more done in less time
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Complete quick and easy cookbook
More time, less stress : how to create two extra hours every day
On the allocation of computing time in traveling salesman heuristics
Balance your life and work : how to get the best from your job and still have a life
Leisure and farmers' welfare in changing conditions
Time use studies : dimensions and applications
Expression of time in the media
Romancing the clock
Deep work : rules for focused success in a distracted world
Research in marketing : a research annual. Vol. 5
Managing multiple projects
The  no cooking cookbook
Body matters : leisure images and lifestyles
Smart flexibility : moving smart and flexible working from theory to practice
