http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3363 birds
birds
Complete birds of Britain and Europe
Birds of the Chukchi Peninsula and Wrangel Island. 2
Handbook of the birds of the world. Vol. 10, Cuckoo-shrikes to Thrushes
Molecular evolution of testes transcriptomes and response to sperm competition
Collins BTO guide to British birds
Practical projects to make 40 bird boxes, feeders and birdbaths : attract birds to your garden by creating nest boxes, roosts, birdhouses, dovecotes, tables, feeding stations and birdbaths
Gardening for wildlife : how to create a beautiful backyard habitat for birds, butterflies and other wildlife
Field guide to the birds of North America
Handbook of the birds of the world. Vol. 3, Hoatzin to Auks
Patterns of hatching and adult body mass change in the Pied Flycatcher Ficedula hypoleuca : adaptations and constraints
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Bear, bird and frog
Population genetic analyses of natal dispersal and substructure in three bird species
Establishing conservation management for avian threatened species
Antipredator behaviours in prey and predators during breeding : from habitat selection to parental care
Angry Birds toons. Season two, volume two
Birds of Eastern and North Eastern Africa. Vol. 2
The last illusion
Handbook of the birds of the world. Vol. 2, New World vultures to guineafowl
The golden plover and other birds
A field guide to the birds of Japan
The complete illustrated encyclopedia of birds of the world : the ultimate reference source and identifier for 1600 birds, profiling habitat, nesting, behaviour and food
National Geographic guide to birding hot spots of the United States
Waterbird populations and pressures in the Baltic Sea
Host-parasite interactions of boreal forest grouse and their intestinal helminth parasites
Country style quilting
Shh! We have a plan
A guide to the birds of Venezuela
Birds of the world
Intra- and interspecific social information use in nest site selection of a cavity-nesting bird community
Bird : the definitive visual guide
Ecology and conservation of birds in urban environments
A guide to the birds of Southeast Asia : Thailand, Peninsular Malaysia, Singapore, Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia
Birds' nest
The little book of night time animal sounds
Did you know that I love you?
Living bird
Migration hotspots : the world's best bird migration sites
Wild ones :  a sometimes dismaying, weirdly reassuring story about looking at people looking at animals in America
Continental drift, paleoclimatology, and the evolution and biogeography of birds
The Usborne outdoor book
Contribution of poplar plantations to bird conservation in riparian landscapes
Penguins, falcons, finches and orther birds
The secret rescuers : the baby firebird
Bird and bear
Brood parasitism in birds : coevolutionary adaptations in two cuckoo-host systems
The dead bird
Orthomyxo-, paramyxo- and flavivirus infections in wild waterfowl in Finland
Up with birds!
Jack-pine warbler
Mutualistic interactions between plants and birds : behavioural mechanisms and ecological importance
Why most birds are small : a macro-ecological approach to the evolution of avian body size
The life and organization of birds
Ornis Fennica
The popular handbook of British birds
Effective population size and the viability of the Siberian jay population of Suupohja, Finland
Birds of Europe. Volume1
This report outlines the results of the internationally coordinated census of wintering waterbirds in the Baltic Sea 2007-2009 undertaken under the SOWBAS project (Status of wintering Waterbird populations in the Baltic Sea). The estimated total number of wintering waterbirds was 4.41 million compared to 7.44 million during the last co-ordinated census 1992-1993. Despite the general declines stable or increasing populations of herbivorous species were recorded. While benthic carnivores with a coastal distribution have either shown moderate declines, stable or increasing populations seaducks with an offshore distribution have declined seriously
Maintenance of phenotypic variation in plumage colouration in a passerine bird
The Sibley guide to birds
Audubon's birds of America
Birds of the Middle East and North Africa
Mechanisms of population declines in boreal forest grouse
The world atlas of birds
Populations and communities in human modified forest landscapes
A photographic encyclopedia of birds
Flight identification of raptors of Europe, North Africa and the Middle East
The genius of birds
There is a bird on your head!
Amelia Bedelia is for the birds
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
Come on an amazing journey around the world, seeking out the weirdest and most wonderful animals! From the heights of the Himalayas to the deepest depths of the Pacific ocean, explore these 21 exciting places and meet the animals who live in them. Visit the jungle caves of Borneo, the Australian outback, the Arctic ice floes and many, many more!
Polly and the puffin
Roger Tory Peterson's ABC of birds : a book for little birdwatchers
The phoenix's flame
Eggs and chicks
Birds of Europe. Volume 2
Galápagos diary : a complete guide to the archipelago's birdlife
Penguins and other sea birds
Frances Dean who loved to dance and dance
The mating lives of birds
The Audubon society field guide to North American birds : Eastern region
The bird faunas of Africa and its islands
An eye for a bird : the autobiography of a bird photographer
Babblers, biogeography and Bayesian reasoning
The birds of Britain and Europe with Norht Africa and the Middle East
Space use, habitat selection and reproductive output of breeding common goldeneye (Bucephala clangula)
The geography of fear : a latitudinal gradient in anti-predator escape distances of birds across Europe
Birds of Europe
The Galápagos : a natural history
The complete illustrated Thorburn's birds
A new dictionary of birds
Consider the birds : who they are and what they do
Handbook of the birds of the world. Vol. 1, Ostrich to ducks
Mixed-species flock size affects contact call frequencies of the crested tit, Lophophanes cristatus
Thermoregulatory consequences of starvation and digestion in birds
Maternal effects in the magpie
The natural regulation of animal numbers
The Florida Scrub Jay : demography of a cooperative-breeding bird
Thumbelina
Perspectives on variation in species richness : area, energy and habitat heterogeneity
The history of American ornithology before Audubon
Information networks among species : adaptations and counter-adaptations in acquiring and hiding information
The availability of cavity trees along an age gradient in fresh pine forests
Handbook of the birds of the world. Vol. 9, Cotingas to Pipits and Wagtails
Early bird
A GUIDE TO BIRD-WATCHING IN EUROPE
Birds of a feather
Metal-induced oxidative stress and antioxidant defence in small passerine birds
Suomen rengastusatlas = The Finnish bird ringing atlas. II
The owl who liked sitting on Caesar
In Mediterranean areas, riparian zones are particularly important for maintaining biodiversity. Nevertheless, the native vegetation in these zones has been modified or lost at an alarming rate during the last decades. The main objective of this study was to investigate the influence of poplar plantations on bird diversity in riparian zones, in order to estimate the ecological implications of a substantial expansion of poplar plantations..
Manipulating Individual Decisions and Environmental Conditions Reveal Individual Quality in Decision-Making and Non-Lethal Costs of Predation Risk
The death and burial of Cock Robin
Given their importance as a resource for many forest organisms, tree cavities were inventoried in the managed pine forests of north-east Poland, in relation to the: 70-100, 101-130 and >130 year age-classes within the clear-cutting system. The densities at which cavities were present was found to depend on forest age, given that stands 70-100 years old were characterised by an average density of 0.62 trees ha-1, while forests older than 130 years reported 3.28 trees ha-1. Stands aged 70-100 years differed from those aged 130+ in having just 0.27 trees ha-1 of cavity trees, as compared with 2.91 trees ha-1. The total volume of cavity trees in stands up to 100 years old was 0.37 m3 ha-1 on average, as compared with 5.42 m3 ha-1 in stands over 130 years old. The cavities created by woodpeckers constituted 76% of all of those found, and included 53% excavated by great spotted woodpeckers (Dendrocopos major L.) and 23% by black woodpeckers (Dryocopus martius L.) The proportion of cavities excavated by D. major was highest in the youngest age class of stands. There, cavities made by D. martius constituted only 8% of the total, as compared with 31% in the oldest stands. The abundance of cavity trees thus differed along an age gradient, though in any event the availability of cavity trees appears to be too limited to provide for the needs of hole-nesting birds. Forest managers must thus take more account than hitherto of the need to protect cavity trees..
Angry Birds Star Wars joke book
Michigan bird life
Breeding habitat selection and its consequences in boreal passerines : using the spatial dispersion of predators and heterospecifics as a source of information
Sindbis virus infection in resident birds, migratory birds, and humans, Finland
Who goes there? Find out inside! Listen to the sounds of the night with this magically atmospheric tour of the animals who inhabit the world around you whilst you sleep - easily accessed at the touch of 12 simple sound buttons.
The pocket guide to birds of Britain and Europe
British birds in colour
The Angry Birds : big movie eggstravaganza
Evaluating Seychelles magpie robin habitat quality for making translocation decisions
The amazing animal adventure : An around-the-world spotting expedition
The happy owls
The cormorants of Lake Ladoga in the early 20th century: Arctic invaders or continental colonists?
Bird-watching and bird behaviour
Assessment of the impacts of an oil spill on the populations of common guillemot (Uria aalge) and long-tailed duck (Clangula hyemalis) - an expert knowledge based Bayesian network for the Gulf of Finland
RSPB guide to British birds
Flying dinosaurs : how fearsome reptiles became birds
Finnish birds : their distribution and numbers
Bryant & May : the bleeding heart
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
The peacock "at home" : a sequel to The butterfly's ball
Our feathered friends in Cyprus
Birds of our country and of the dominions, colonies and dependencies: their life, eggs, nests and identification. Volume 1, A - T
BIRDS OF THE WORLD
I am not a copycat! : featuring Hugo and Bella
Phylogeography and conservation genetics of waders
Birds by character : the fieldguide to jizz identification : Britain & Europe
The birds of Japan
Mollie makes feathered friends : making, thrifting, collecting, crafting
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
The book of bird life : a study of birds in their native haunts
Winter ecology of a female White-Backed Woodpecker Dendrocopos leucotos (Bechstein)
Birds by colour
Two nests
Dynamics, genetic structure and viability of a small and declining Temminck's stint (Calidris temminckii) population
Host–parasite interactions of boreal forest grouse and their intestinal helminth parasites
Birds of our country and of the dominions, colonies and dependencies: their life, eggs, nests and identification. Volume 2, T - Y, Birds of Asia, Africa, N. & S. America, Australasia, and classification of birds
Prerana ra Lalapila = Prerana and Lal peela
A field guide to the birds of Britain and Europe
The little book of woodland bird songs
The illustrated encyclopedia of birds
Going to school with narcolepsy : perceptions of families and teachers of children with narcolepsy
Summary.
Host manipulation by parasites : adaptation to enhance transmission?
Evolutionary and conservation biology of the Finnish house sparrow
Maternal effects in birds : the ecological and evolutionary signifigance of yolk androgens and other egg components
The dictionary of birds in colour
Effects of interspecific relationships in forested landscapes on breeding success in Eurasian treecreeper
The ring : international ornithological bulletin. 6, Index ornithologorum
Personality traits in the blue tit
Birds of Europe : with North Africa and The Middle East
Consequences of pollution-related carotenoid limitation in birds
Cuckoo : cheating by nature
Japanese journal of ornithology
Birds of prey and grouse in Finland : do avian predators limit or regulate their prey numbers?
Variable Effects of Changing Climate on Life-History Traits of Two Passerine Birds
Pretty birds : 18 simple projects to sew and love
Patterns of variation in energy management in wintering tits (Paridae)
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
A guide to the birds of the Philippines
The stormy day
Birds of prey
Magic and mystery of birds : the surprising lives of birds and what they reveal about being human
Multiple indicators of human impacts on the environment in the Pechora Basin, north-eastern European Russia
All colour book of birds
There are two native subspecies of the great cormorant Phalacrocorax carbo in Europe: the mainly coastal nominate subspecies carbo, and the mainly continental subspecies sinensis. The population of the latter, in particular, has increased significantly in recent decades. Old literature records suggest that cormorants of some kind were breeding at the largest freshwater lake in Europe, Lake Ladoga, in the early part of the 20th century. A couple of specimens from this population were allegedly also collected; however, the current whereabouts of these specimens appear to be unknown. Recent studies have shown that both cormorant subspecies are ecologically fairly flexible and, therefore, breeding at a freshwater locality cannot by itself be regarded as evidence that they belonged to the continental subspecies sinensis. Thus, it is not possible to ascertain with certainty to which subspecies Lake Ladoga's cormorants belonged..
