http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3368 Peloponnesian War
Peloponnesian War
Thucydides on politics : back to the present
Athens after the Peloponnesian war : class, faction and policy 403 - 386 BC
A commentary on Thucydides. Vol. 2, Books IV-V.24
Thucydides, Pericles and Periclean imperialism
Reading Thucydides
The Peloponnesian War : Athens and Sparta in savage conflict, 431-404 BC
Tides of war : a novel of Alcibiades and the Peloponnesian war
The historical present in Thucydides : semantics and narrative function = Le présent historique chez Thucydide : sémantique et fonction narrative
A commentary on Thucydides. 1, Books 1-3
The history of the Peloponnesian war
The Spartans : an epic history
Thucydides and internal war
The Peloponnesian War
History of the Peloponnesian war. [3], Books 5-6
Remembering defeat : Civil War and civic memory in Ancient Athens
The Peloponnesian war
A war like no other : how the Athenians and Spartans fought the Peloponnesian war
History of the Peloponnesian war
History of the Peloponnesian war. [1], Books 1-2
Brill's companion to Thucydides
Thucydides' war : accounting for the faces of conflict
The Peloponnesian war : the complete Hobbes translation
A new history of the Peloponnesian war
Thucydides and the philosophical origins of history
The fifth column in the Peloponnesian war
This new study by a respected historian provides a unique narrative of the Peloponnesian war, a monumental conflict between Athens and Sparta that raged for 27 years across the Greek world. The conflict's resulting destruction of cities, mass enslavements, and loss of human life - in short, the horrors of war - bears striking resemblance to the violence of modern war from the Western front to Vietnam. Despite these common factors, little attention has been paid to the contemporary nature of the Peloponnesian war and its impact on the society and culture of the time.
Thucydides mythistoricus
Valla's translation of Thucydides in Vat. Lat. 1801 : with the reproduction of the codex
Such was Macaulay's verdict on Thucydides (c. 460-400 BC) and his history of the Peloponnesian War, the momentous struggle between Athens and Sparta as rival powers and political systems that lasted for twenty-seven years from 431 to 404 BC, involved virtually the whole of the Greek world, and ended in the fall of Athens. Thucydides himself was a participant in the war; to his history he brings an awesome intellect, brilliant narrative, and penetrating analysis of the nature of power, as it affects both states and individuals. Of his own work Thucydides wrote: "I shall be content if [my history] is judged useful by those who will want to have a clear understanding of what happened - and, such is the human condition, will happen again ... It was composed as a permanent legacy, not a showpiece for a single hearing." So it has proved. Of the prose writers of Greece and Rome Thucydides has had more lasting influence on western thought than all but Plato and Aristotle. This new edition combines a masterly translation with comprehensive supporting material.
Thucydides : narrative and explanation
History of the Peloponnesian war. [4], Books 7-8
Thucydidean narrative and discourse
Thucydides and the Peloponnesian war
The complete writings of Thucydides : The Peloponnesian war
Edith Foster compares Thucydides' narrative explanations and descriptions of the Peloponnesian War in Books One and Two of the History with the arguments about warfare and war materials offered by the Athenian statesman Pericles in those same books. In Thucydides' narrative presentations, she argues, the aggressive deployment of armed force is frequently unproductive or counterproductive, and even the threat to use armed force against others causes consequences that can be impossible for the aggressor to predict or contain. By contrast, Pericles' speeches demonstrate that he shared with many other figures in the History a mistaken confidence in the power, glory, and reliability of warfare and the instruments of force. Foster argues that Pericles does not speak for Thucydides, and that Thucydides should not be associated with Pericles' intransigent imperialism.
History of the Peloponnesian war. [2], Books 3-4
