http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3370 baptism
baptism
Baptism in the New Testament
Living water : images, symbols, and settings of early Christian baptism
The Didache : its Jewish sources and its place in early Judaism and Christianity
Abstract.
The formation of Christian Europe : the Carolingians, baptism, and the imperium christianum
The myth of ritual : a native's ethnography of Zapotec life-crisis rituals
Irenaeus of Lyons on baptism and eucharist : selected texts with introduction, translation, and annotation
Dialog zwischen der Europäischen Baptistischen Föderation (EBF) und der Gemeinschaft Evangelischer Kirchen in Europa (GEKE) zur Lehre und Praxis der Taufe = Dialogue between the Community of Protestant Churches in Europe (CPCE) and the European Baptist Federation (EBF) on the doctrine and practice of baptism
Baptism in the New Testament : a symposium
Introduction to Christian worship
Commission on education : report 1957-1963 : document No. 16 : fourth assembly of the Lutheran World Federation, July 30-August 11, 1963, Helsinki, Finland
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 1
An inherited name as the foundation of a person's identity: How the memory of a dead person lived on in the names of his or her descendants
Christian initiation and baptism in the Holy Spirit : evidence from the first eight centuries
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of the Church
Christian initiation : a comparative study of the interpretation of the batismal liturgy in the mystagogical writings of Cyril of Jerusalem, John Chrysostom, Theodore of Mopsuestia and Ambrose of Milan
The use of the means of grace : a statement on the practice of Word and sacrament
Fol'klor Belorusov Sibiri i Dal'nego Vostoka. Čast' 1, Cemejno-obrâdovye pesni i pričitaniâ = Byelorussian folklore of Siberia and the Far East. The First Part, Family and ritual songs and laments
Documents of the baptismal liturgy
Conversion-initiation and the baptism in the Holy Spirit : a critique of James D.G. Dunn, Baptism in the Holy Spirit
Baptismal imagery in early Christianity : ritual, visual, and theological dimensions
What is changing in baptismal practice?
Baptist reconsideration of baptism and ecclesiology : a presentation of the Baptist Union of Sweden and a study of its official response to BEM in relation to the public discussions primarily amongst its pastors and theologians
SCM studyguide to the sacraments
Apostolic letter Euntes in mundum
A big-bellied woman and her infant : pregnancy, childbirth and infant care in seventeenth-century England
Early Christian baptism and the catechumenate : west and east Syria
John the Baptist : prophet of purity for a new age
Baptism and spiritual kinship in early modern England
Dimensions of baptism : biblical and theological studies
Harvesting Martin Luther's reflections on theology, ethics, and the church
BEM at 25 : critical insights into a continuing legacy
Mutual recognition of baptism in interchurch agreements
Baptized into Christ : a guide to the ecumenical discussion on baptism
Holy baptism : and related rites
Liturgical preaching : contemporary essays
Why it matters : a popular introduction to the baptism, eucharist and ministry text
Community in Christ
Night crawling : on the reproduction and ecology of the earthworm Lumbricus terrestris L.
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 2
Baptism today : understanding, practice, ecumenical implications
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue I-III
Liturgy wars : ritual theory and Protestant reform in nineteenth-century Zurich
Baptism and faith : their relationship in our salvific encounter with God today in the light of the New Testament baptismal theology and Vatican II sacramental theology
The annotated Luther. Volume 3, Church and sacraments
Baptism: foundation for Christian unity
Baptism and cognition in Romans 6-8 : Paul's ethics beyond "indicative" and "imperative"
Towards an ecumenical consensus : baptism, eucharist, ministry
Mediaeval baptismal fonts : an iconographical study
Baptism, church and ecumenism : collected essays : gesammelte Aufsätze
Marks of the body of Christ
The rites of Christian initiation : their evolution and interpretation
Early and medieval rituals and theologies of baptism : from the new testament to the council of trent
The awe-inspiring rites of initiation : the origins of the RCIA
Summary in English.
Gathered for worship
Oberlin reports : the Nature of the Unity we Seek : the North American Conference on Faith and Order, Oberlin, Ohio 1957.
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 4
On baptismal fonts : ancient and modern
Baptism and Chrismation : beginning our christian life in the Orthodox church
Initiation services : a practical guide to the new services
Grenzen des Täufertums : neue Forschungen ; Beiträge der Konferenz in Göttingen vom 23.-27.08.2006 = Boundaries of Anabaptism
Ablution, initiation, and baptism : late antiquity, early Judaism, and early Christianity = Waschungen, Initiation und Taufe : Spätantike, frühes Judentum und frühes Christentum
'Into the name of the Lord Jesus' : baptism in the early church
Baptism : ancient liturgies and patristic texts
Becoming a Christian : the ecumenical implications of our common baptism
This book is written as a resource for scholars and students of Anabaptism and Hubmaier studies. Balthasar Hubmaier understood the church to be a visible assembly of regenerated baptized saints, who both memorized Christ's suffering on the cross in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, and who participated in that suffering as a church under the cross. Hubmaier's doctrine of the church seems to have many parallels both in medieval and sixteenth-century Anabaptist ecclesiology; but it cannot be solidly placed in either category. -- Review: Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies
The sacraments : a dogmatic treatise. Vol. 1, The sacraments in general. Baptism. Confirmation
Worship, community and the triune God of grace
From exorcism to ecstasy : eight views of baptism
The game of naming
Embroidered Christening Gowns
The ecclesiological renovation of Vatican II : an Orthodox examination of Rome's ecumenical theology regarding baptism and the Church
Joy unspeakable : the Baptism with the Holy Spirit
This book aims to explore the meaning of salvation in Balthasar Hubmaier's theology. Previous research has tended to explain and evaluate his theology by locating his identity among contemporary Anabaptists. Moreover, Hubmaier's theology has been variously labeled as Catholic Anabaptist, Magisterial Anabaptist, or as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation. These approaches to Hubmaier's theology essentially depend on a static and transactional perspective where the result comes from the cause. Such an approach cannot fully explain the distinctive features of Hubmaier's theology, because his theology had multiple rather than single influences. To understand Hubmaier's theology, we need to focus on his motive and purpose in writing rather than external influences. This volume attempts to explore a new understanding of Hubmaier's theology reflecting a necessary change in our paradigmatic methodologies. This fresh perspective helps us see that Hubmaier's theology was not static and transactional but dynamic and relational. As Hubmaier's main purpose was to give readers a proper understanding of soteriology, his writings were written from this perspective, concentrating on salvation. This volume aims to enable the reader to access this unique understanding of soteriology by examining his primary texts in three categories: free will, baptism, and the Lord's Supper. To understand Hubmaier's theology through a new methodology leads us to rethink the meaning of salvation.
The rites of Christian initation : their revision and reform
The architectural setting of baptism
Reconstructing early Christian worship
Baptism in early Byzantine Palestine 325-451
Baptizing Soviet children in contemporary rural narratives
Baptism and the unity of the Church
Baptism and the new life : a study of Romans 6.1-14
Zur Lehre und Praxis der Taufe = On the doctrine and practice of baptism. ; Zur Lehre und Praxis des Abendmahls = On the doctrine and practice of the Lordś Supper
The oldest church manual
This paper presents field-work based research on baptisms performed in the Soviet Union, especially during the Khrushchev anti-religious campaign. It focuses on the phenomenon of religion being shifted from the public to the private sphere and also addresses the tensions that arose when religion was again returned to the public sphere in the Post-Soviet period.
Altar guild and sacristy handbook
Handbook for liturgical studies. Volume 4, Sacraments and sacramentals
Ancient Christian worship : early church practices in social, historical, and theological perspective
Baptismal fonts : classified and illustrated
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of salvation in dynamic and relational perspective
Despite the presumption that baptism is the basic bond of unity between the churches, the path toward mutual recognition remains a long one. Here is a brief yet authoritative guide to the historical, theological, and practical issues involved. Deeply grounded in scholarship and teaching, Heller's work offers an overview of the ecumenical theological discussion on baptism: the different confessional views, Faith Order work on baptism, the historical development of the divergences, ways towards mutual recognition of baptism as they have been proposed or realised on local and regional as well as multilateral and bilateral levels. Beyond that, Heller, who has worked on the issues for nearly two decades, offers her own assessment of the prospects for and path toward Christian unity on this most basic symbol of Christian identity.
Baptism and conversion
Justin Martyr on baptism and eucharist : texts in translation with introduction and commentary
A central European synthesis of radical and magisterial reform : the sacremental theology of Balthasar Hubmaier
The meaning of baptism for the unity of the church
An evangelical response to 'Baptism, Eucharist and ministry'
The font and the table
Baptism, church and society in modern Britain : from the Evangelical Revival to Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry
Twelve tales untold : a study guide for ecumenical reception
Earthworm ecology
Out of water and through water by the word of God : trinitarian theology of water
The reception of BEM in the European context : report of the four study consultations on BEM of the Conference of European Churches 1984-1985
Masbūtā : studies in the ritual of the Mandaean baptism
Anabaptist baptism : a representative study
'The ways of the textword' in Church tradition : christian mission schooling among the Saami in Torne and Kemi Laplands in the 1700s
I want to be a Christian
The baptismal liturgy of Jerusalem : fourth- and fifth-century evidence from Palestine, Syria and Egypt
Of water and the spirit : a liturgical study of baptism
Baptism in the early church : history, theology, and liturgy in the first five centuries
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 2, Catechesis, baptism, eschatology, and martyrdom
O propheticum lavacrum : baptism as symbolic act of eschatological salvation
Baptist reconsideration of baptism : a presentation of the Baptist Union of Sweden and a study of its official response to BEM in relation to the public discussions primarily amongst its pastors and theologians
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 3
Reformation and modern rituals and theologies of baptism : from Luther to contemporary practices
Challenging the widespread classification of evangelical theologian Balthasar Hubmaier (1480-1528) as a Schleitheim-adhering Anabaptist, this book argues that Hubmaier should instead be understood as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation and provides for a deeper understanding of one of the 16th century's most creative and sophisticated thinkers.
Essays in early Eastern initiation
Being Christian : baptism, Bible, Eucharist, prayer
