http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3373 food industry
food industry
46th ICoMST, Argentiina, 27 August - 1 September, 2000.. Vol. 2, Congress proceedings
Finnish food industry in figures
Seminar on Technology Transfer and Development Perspectives of the Food Processing Sector : 9-29 March, 1988, Arusha, Tanzania
Food industry wastes : assessment and recuperation of commodities
Food product development based on experience
Scientific colloquium on emerging risks in food : from identification to communication
Handbook of food process design. Vol. 1-2
Skill requirements, vocational training and retraining in the food and drink industries
Food engineering laboratory manual
Environmentally sound technologies in the food industry
Journal of food process engineering
End of overeating :  taking control of the insatiable american appetite
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
Lucull: a catalogue of foods and beverages from Germany
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Understanding the Japanese food and agrimarket : a multifaceted opportunity
Capability building for catching-up : historical, empirical and policy dimensions
Enzymes in food processing
Business interests, organizational development and private interest government : an international comparative study of the food processing industry
This study introduces the important factors of market research and its significancewhen aiming at new foreign markets. Understanding the cultural differences, the consumers and the market itself with the competitors' actions among other factors, the organization has a better chance to succeed in entering new markets. The case company is a Belgian food industry company which is interested in the Finnish market environment with its consumers and competitors. Currently they are operating in Central European countries with a little market share. An interview was  conducted in order to better understand their current situation and expectations on new markets. The company's products are sold in specialty stores and in bigger hypermarkets due to their higher image which they would like to obtain in Finland. As a small country Finland can not offer big markets but this is no obstacle for the case company since they are not looking to challenge the market leader or even the followers. Instead they are looking for a small market share as in other countries that  they already operate in. By using selective distribution focused on the biggest city areas the product availability is guaranteed to the majority of the Finnish population. The thesis emphasizes the different business chains - the different types of stores and their product variety as well as competitors and their product pricing. Among this, the importance of product visibility will be shown as the case company wishes to enter the markets with as little marketing as possible. Regulations on labelling are studied as well as there are little differences from organizations' home markets. The study also introduces a Finnish importing company that could possibly cooperate with the customer when aiming at the Finnish markets.
Biscuits : a pictorial story of a sweet tradition
37th R3 Nordic Contamination Control Symposium, Tampere, Finland, May 29 - 31, 2006
The technology of extrusion cooking
Economics of innovation : the case of food industry
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Food safety legislation and control in the Russian federation : practical experiences
Separation processes in the food and biotechnology industries : principles and applications
Eat your heart out : why the food business is bad for the planet and your health
The effect of heating in food processing on the nutritional value of some common food fats
Handbook for the fruit processing industry
OECD food industries in the 1980s
Retention of the quality of blackcurrant juice in lacquered tinplate cans
Starch in food : structure, function and applications
On the History and Policy of the IUF
Encyclopedia of food technology
Marketing strategy research for Hubei cereals, oil and foodstuff import and export corporation
The vegetable oils and fats industry in developing countries : outlook and perspectives
Implications of changes in the Russian agro-food sector and effects of Russia's likely membership of the WTO on Finland
The ghost apple : a novel
A guide to the British food manufacturing industry
The food of the people : being the history of industrial feeding
The seafood industry
Food biotechnology
Advanced hygiene for meat processing : course workbook
Juice processing : quality, safety and value-added opportunities
SFS-EN ISO 22000 = Elintarviketurvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmät. Vaatimukset kaikille elintarvikeketjun organisaatioille = Food safety management systems. Requirements for any organization in the food chain
Bacteria colonizing paper machines
Eating earth : environmental ethics and dietary choice
Immunochemical analysis of prolamins in gluten-free foods
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
The ice cream industry
Summary (s. 28-29).
Report of a consultation group on the legal aspects of food irradiation : organized by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the International Atomic Energy Agency and the World Health Organization in Vienna, 20-24 March 1972.
Store location research for the food industry : a NAWGA special report
Hygiene in food processing : principles and practice
Teollisuuden vuosikirja = Årsbok för industrin = Yearbook of industrial statistics. Osa = del = vol. 1.
The visible palm : market failures, industrial policy and the Malaysian palm oil industry
Journal of food processing and preservation
Principles of food sanitation
Food process design
Food Industry Wastes: Assessment and Recuperation of Commodities presents emerging techniques and opportunities for the treatment of food wastes, the reduction of water footprint, and creating sustainable food systems. Written by a team of experts from around the world, this book will provide a key resource for implementing processes as well as giving researchers a starting point for the development of new options for the recuperation of these waste for community benefit. There were over 34 million tons of food waste generated in the US alone in 2009 - at a cost of approximately $43 billion. And while less than 3% of that waste was recovered and recycled, there is growing interest and development in finding ways to utilize this waste in ways that will not only reduce greenhouse gasses, but provide energy, and potentially provide resources for other purposes. Food waste is an area of focus for a wide range of related industries from food science to energy and engineering. This international authoring team represents the leading edge in research and development. Provides insights on leading areas of current research as well as looking toward future opportunities for reusing food waste.
Thai consumers' attitudes towards processed fruit juices
The Dorito effect : the surprising new truth about food and flavor
Sustainability in the food industry
Competitiveness in the food industry : edited by W. Bruce Traill and Eamonn Pitts
Mergers, alliances and acquisitions in the Nordic agro and food industry : present situation and future development
The crisis of food brands : sustaining safe, innovative and competitive food supply
African Regional Expert Group Meeting on women in the food-processing industry : synopsis of the report : [held in Arusha, United Republic of Tanzania, January 17-20, 1994]
Industrial portioning and packaging of meat : course workbook
The 10 principles of food industry sustainability
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Clean air solutions in food processing
Surimi and surimi seafood
Swindled : from poison sweets to counterfeit coffee : the dark history of the food cheats
Teollisuuden vuosikirja = Årsbok för industrin = Yearbook of industrial statistics. Osa = del = vol. 2.
Meat training for Europe : making training effective
Unit operations in food engineering
How can a European SME internationalize a food product in Singapore : case study MONBANA Singapore
48th ICoMST : Rome, 25-30 August 2002.. Vol. 2, Congress proceedings
Alternative food networks : knowledge, practice, and politics
Inactivation of murine norovirus on food processing surfaces
Implementation and Process of Biogas Plant in Food Industry
Cross-functional conflicts in new product launches in the food industry
A study of the evolution of concentration and prices in the food and beverages industries for Denmark
Food processing technology : principles and practice
Has the coffee federation become redundant? : collective action and the market in Colombian development
48th ICoMST : Rome, 25-30 August 2002.. Vol. 1, Congress proceedings
Novel food processing technologies
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Brand and branding strategy in food industry : case: Kinh Do Corporation and Solite brand
The Heineken story : the remarkably refreshing tale of the beer that conquered the world
Handbook of food engineering
Food manufacturing has evolved over the centuries from kitchen industries to modern, sophisticated production operations. A typical food factory includes the food processing and packaging lines, the buildings and exterior landscaping, and the utility-supply and waste-treatment facilities. As a single individual is unlikely to possess all the necessary skills required to facilitate the design, the task will undoubtedly be undertaken by an interdisciplinary team employing a holistic approach based on a knowledge of the natural and biological sciences, most engineering disciplines, and relevant legislation. In addition, every successful project requires a competent project manager to ensure that all tasks are completed on time and within budget. This Handbook attempts to compress comprehensive, up-to-date coverage of these areas into a single volume. The multi-disciplinary nature of the subject matter should facilitate more informed communication between individual specialists on the team. It should also provide useful background information on food factory design for a wider range of professionals with a more peripheral interest in the subject: for example, process plant suppliers, contractors, HSE specialists, retailers, consultants, and financial institutions. Finally, it is hoped that it will also prove to be a valuable reference for students and instructors in the areas of food technology, chemical engineering, and mechanical engineering, in particular.
The technology of food preservation
Competitiveness in international food markets
Improving the safety of fresh fruit and vegetables
Food safety for the 21st century : managing HACCP and food safety throughout the global supply chain
Meathooked : the history and science of our 2.5-million-year obsession with meat
7th international conference on Water in food : Scandic continental, Helsinki, Finland, June 3-5, 2012 : book of abstracts
The effect of oligopolistic competition on economic welfare in the Finnish food manufacturing
Sanitation in food processing
Analysis procedures for investigating freezing induced textural changes in foods
"The market for functional food products is estimated at between US$10 billion and US$30 billion and is expected to double by 2010. With this demand for new products comes a demand for product development and supporting literature for that purpose. This book provides a much-needed review of important opportunities for new products from many perspectives including from those with in-depth knowledge of as-yet unfulfilled health-related needs. The book addresses functional food product development from a number of perspectives: the process itself; idea creation; regulation; health research that may provide opportunities; and processes and ingredients. It also features case studies that illustrate real product development and commercialization histories. Written for food scientists and technologists, the book presents practical information for use in functional food product development. It is intended for use by practitioners in functional food companies and food technology centres and will also be of interest to researchers and students of food science"--Provided by publisher.
Competitive strategy : Sorrin Puutarha
Health-functional foods in foodwebs : developing products in food specific networks
Kitchen of the world
Sugar confectionery manufacture
FT-IR spectroscopy as a second generation electronic nose : food industry applications
Contaminant aerobic sporeforming bacteria in the manufacturing processes of food packaging board and food
Hungry city : how food shapes our lives
Product and process development in the food industry : selected papers from the symposium on food product and process development, held in Auckland, 10-13 Nov. 1980
Encapsulation and controlled release of food ingredients : developed from a symposium ... at the 206th National meeting of the American chemical society, Chicago, Illinois, August 22-27, 1993.
Food supply chain management : issues for the hospitality and retail sectors
Emulsifiers in food technology
Flexible food packaging : questions and answers
Hurdle technologies : combination treatments for food stability, safety and quality
Food marketing to children and youth : threat or opportunity?
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 12, Part A, The "Cost of Non-Europe" in the foodstuffs industry
Integrated food safety and veterinary public health
Automatic control of food manufacturing processes
The contrary forces of innovation : an ethnography of innovation in the food industry
Scientists as midwives to cluster emergence : an interpretative case study of functional foods
Food engineering operations
Development strategy for the agro-food industries in the Mediterranean regions of the European Community
Oil Milling, The Crushing and Extracting Processes Applied to Oil-seeds : A Unilever Educational Booklet
Food reviews international
Network dynamics and firm performance : evidence from the global food processing industry 2000-2012
Introduction to food science and technology
The Routledge handbook of sustainable food and gastronomy
Genes on the menu : facts for knowledge-based decisions
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
Grass-fed nation : getting back the food we deserve
Reshaping work : the Cadbury experience
Food-processing industry : based on the proceedings of the International Symposium on Industrial Development (Athens, November-December 1967)
The chemistry of food dyes
Terrorist threats to food : guidance for establishing and strengthening prevention and response systems
ISO 22000 Food safety management systems : an easy-to-use checklist for small business : are you ready?
Functional food product development
Behaviour of muscle protein fractions of broilers during freezing and frozen storage
Although the food industry is beginning to make headway with its sustainability initiatives, substantially more progress is needed in order to feed the world's growing population sustainably. The challenge is that the topic of sustainability can seem overwhelming and there is limited information that is specific to the food industry. Written by an experienced food industry professional with years of experience in sustainability, The 10 Principles of Food Industry Sustainability inspires and informs the progress required to nourish the population, revitalize natural resources, enhance economic development, and close resource loops. The book makes this complex topic approachable and actionable by identifying the most pressing sustainability priorities across the entire food supply chain and showing, with tools and examples, how producers, processors, packers, distributors, marketers and retailers all play a role in advancing improvement. The book begins with an overview of the Principles of sustainability in the food industry: what they are and why they matter. Subsequent chapters focus on each of the Ten Principles in detail: how they relate to the food industry, their global relevance (including their environmental, health, and social impacts), and the best practices to achieve the potential of meaningful and positive progress that the Principles offer. Specific examples from industry are presented in order to provide scalable solutions and bring the concepts to life, along with top resources for further exploration. The Principles, practices, and potential of sustainability in the food industry covered in this book are designed to be motivating and to offer a much-needed and clear way forward towards a sustainable food supply.
Barrier packaging : rigid plastic containers in food Industry
Chemical preservatives in foodstuffs. 5, The effect of benzoic acid on the sporulation of Bacillus megaterium
Explores the world's meat cultures and traditions to share insights into why a craving for animal protein evolved in humans and why vegetarian lifestyles are so difficult to maintain despite health warnings.
Product and process innovation in the food industry
Fat planet : the obesity trap and how we can escape it
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
Practical design, construction and operation of food facilities
Liquidator. The brand-new, delicious and wildly popular energy drink. For those who wanna win! The company that makes it is set to earn a fortune, with its global launch climaxing at an international rock concert that will shake the planet. The only problem? An innocent child is dying. Meet Vicky and her class-mates: their work experience is about to spin totally out of control as they uncover a secret that could change the world. And put them all in mortal danger...
Sustainable food processing
Not on the label : what really goes into the food on your plate
Lunchbox : the story of your food
Animal, Agricultural and Food Processing Wastes IX : proceedings of the Ninth International Symposium, 12-15 October, 2003, Raleigh, North Carolina
Processed plant protein foodstuffs
New ingredients in food processing : biochemistry and agriculture
Food Research Laboratory : list of publications 1978-1982
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
The world atlas of coffee : from beans to brewing - coffees explored, explained and enjoyd
Ravintotase : balance sheet for food commodities
Chemical engineering for the food industry
The BRC global standard for food safety : a guide to a successful audit
Altered genes, twisted truth : how the venture to genetically engineer our food has subverted science, corrupted government, and systematically deceived the public
Market research in the Finnish food industry
Aseptic processing and packaging of food products
List of publications 1988-89
Food and package engineering
46th ICoMST, Argentiina, 27 August - 1 September, 2000.. Vol. 1, Congress proceedings
Brain food
Overview on different sterilization techniques for baby food
The food industry : economics and policies
Handbook of Herbs and Spices. Volume 2
Reframing strategic corporate responsibility : from economic instrumentalism and stakeholder thinking to awareness and sustainable development
The shape we're in : how junk food and diets are shortening our lives
Foodservice research international
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Food safety and food quality
Food politics : how the food industry influences nutrition and health
BRC global standard : for food safety
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 12, Part B, The "Cost of Non-Europe" in the foodstuffs industry
Finnish food brand in Chinese market
Vertical Product Differentiation in EU Markets: Compilation of Detailed Statistics
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Value proposition development process of young dynamic companies in saturated markets : the case of the French food industry
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Food process engineering : theory and laboratory experiments
The handbook of organic and fair trade food marketing
Sous vide and cook-chill processing for the food industry
The effect of freezing-drying cloudiness and concentration on the keeping quality of various blackcurrant product
Food unwrapped
Tiivistelmä : Barrier packaging : rigid plastic containers in food Industry.
State of the art on the initiatives and activities relevant to risk assessment and risk management of nanotechnologies in the food and agriculture sectors
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
Futures of Finnish food system by 2050 : the perspective of resilience
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
An operations management perspective on waste management
in a food processing factory
Yeasts in dairy industry : positive & negative aspects : proceedings of the symposium organized by Group F47, held in Copenhagen (Denmark), 2-3 September 1996
Handbook of food factory design
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
Food processing companies, retailers and climate-resilient supply chain management
Applicability of fructophilic lactic acid bacteria in food industry
