http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3385 statics
statics
Web crippling of cold-formed thin-walled steel cassettes
A brief introduction to fluid mechanics
Mechanics for engineers : statics
Vector mechanics for engineers.. Statics
Mechanical engineering principles
Schaum's outlines statics
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of engineering mechanics : statics and dynamics
Statics and mechanics of materials : an integrated approach
Engineering mechanics, statics
Solving dynamics problems in Mathcad to accompany engineering mechanics dynamics
Building structures
Statics for dummies
Physics for engineers and scientists
Continuum electrostatics of biomolecular systems
Engineering mechanics : statics and dynamics
Statics and kinematics with applications to robotics
Physics : principles with applications
Marks' mechanics problem-solving companion
Energy methods in structural mechanics : a comprehensive introduction to matrix and finite element methods of analysis
Engineering Mechanics : Statics : Eleventh Edition in SI Units
Advanced structural mechanics : an introduction to continuum mechanics and structural mechanics
Engineering mechanics. Vol. 1, Statics
Statics study pack : chapter reviews and free-body daigram workbook
Engineering mechanics : volume 1 statics
Engineering mechanics. Volume 1, Statics
Engineering mechanics : statics
Physics
Vector mechanics for engineers : statics
Structural analysis
Statics and strength of materials for architecture and building construction
Mechanics of materials
Rigid body dynamics for beginners : Euler angles & quaternions
Engineering mechanics : statics & dynamics
Vector mechanics for engineers : statistics and dynamics
Classical structural analysis : a modern approach
Engineering mechanics. 1, Statics
Applied statics and strength of materials
Mechanics for engineers : statics and dynamics
Structural mechanics
Engineering mechanics. Statics and dynamics
Vibration of structures and machines : practical aspects
Vector mechanics for engineers.. Statics and dynamics
Vector mechanics for engineers : statics and dynamics
Vector mechanics for engineers. Statics and dynamics
Theory of structures
Structural dynamics for engineers
Nonlinear stability analysis of statically loaded structures. Part 2, Plates and shells
Statics : SI version
Engineering mechanics. Statics study pack
Theory and problems of advanced structural analysis
Engineering mechanics. Statics
Engineering mechanics of solids
Structures : or Why things don't fall down
Engineering  Mechanics : Statics : Eleventh Edition in SI Units
Practical stress analysis in engineering design
Engineering mechanics. Statics. Practice problems workbook / R.C. Hibbeler
Plastic design of frames. 2, Applications
Optimum structural design : theory and applications
Severe storm engineering for structural design
Modeling of particle trajectories in an electrostatic precipitator (ESP) for small-scale wood combustion
Engineering mechanics : statics. Statics study pack : chapter reviews, free body diagram workbook, problems website
Determinate structures : statics, strength, analysis, design
Engineering mechanics : SI version. Vol. 1, Statics
Engineering mechanics - statics : statics study pack ; chapter reviews, free body diagram workbook, companion website
Statics: learning from engineering examples
Applied fluid mechanics
Statics : analysis and design of systems in equilibrium
The general theory of a suspension cable
Steel structures : design and behavior : emphasizing load and resistance factor design
Theory of matrix structural analysis
Analysis of structural systems
800 solved problems in vector mechanics for engineers 1 : statics
Engineering mechanics : (in SI units)
Vector mechnics for engineers : Statics
Statics and mechanics of materials
Dynamics of structures
"Known for its accuracy, clarity, and dependability, Meriam, Kraige, and Bolton's Engineering Mechanics: Statics has provided a solid foundation of mechanics principles for more than 60 years. Now in its eighth edition, the text continues to help students develop their problem-solving skills with an extensive variety of engaging problems related to engineering design. In addition to new homework problems, the text includes a number of helpful sample problems. To help students build necessary visualization and problem-solving skills, the text strongly emphasizes drawing free-body diagrams- one of the most important skills needed to solve mechanics problems. "--
Statistics of ice-structure interaction
Just the facts101 : textbook key facts : studyguide for statics and mechanics of materials : an integrated approach by Sturges, LeRoy D.
Engineering mechanics. statics and dynamics
Comparison of some FEM codes in static analysis
Solving statics problems in MATLAB : a supplement to accompany Engineering mechanics: Statics, 5th edition by J. L. Meriam and L. G. Kraige
Why buildings fall down : How structures fall down
Teaching and learning of electric and magnetic fields at the university level
Structures or why things don't fall down
Engineering mechanics : statics : statics study pack
Engineering mechanics and design applications : transdisciplinary engineering fundamentals
