http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3387 secondary education
secondary education
Internationalisation and secondary level education : case: development ideas for internationalisation at home in Kokkola Business Institute
Counseling three Addis Ababa secondary Schools
Meeting the standards in secondary science : a guide to the ITT NC
National core curriculum for upper secondary schools 2003 : National core curriculum for general upper secondary education intended for young people
Open school for the youth : three European views on developing youth education in Finland = Nuorisoasteen koulutuskokeilujen kansainvälinen arviointi
Abstract.
Baltic Sea region history : awareness among youth, national syllabi, and education
Challenges the finnish schools have faced in the comenius 1 projects
Implementing education for sustainable development in Namibia : a case of three senior secondary schools
The teaching of modern foreign languages in primary and secondary education in the European Community
Curriculum innovation : a celebration of classroom practice
Updraft/downdraft : secondary schools in the crosswinds of reform
Riaghlúcháin i leith cúrsa léighinn, teistiméireacht, sgrúdúchán agus sgoláireacht maille leis an gclár le haghaidh na bliana 1931-32 = (Regulations regarding curricula, certificates, examinations and scholarships, with programme for the year 1931-32)
Teaching adolescents with disabilities : accessing the general education curriculum
Aspects of teaching and learning in secondary schools : perspectives on practice
Secondary schools : a reference handbook
Science in secondary schools
Languages in secondary education : an overview of national tests in Europe 2014/15
"Europe" turned local, the local turned European? : constructions of "Europe" in social studies curricula across Europe
Key issues for secondary schools
School improvement : what can pupils tell us?
School art : what's in it : exploring visual arts in secondary schools / Dick Downing, Ruth Watson
Student teaching in a secondary school ; Guiding a student teacher : the cooperating teacher's manual for "Student teaching in a secondary school"
Strategies for achieving parity of esteem in European upper secondary education : final report on the project Leonardo da Vinci, surveys and analyses, strand III.2.a finding new strategies for Post-16 Education by Networking Vocational and Academic/General Education and Working Life to Improve the Parity of Esteem for Initial Vocational Training (1996-1997)
Encouraging student interest in science and technology studies
Collaborative teaching in secondary schools : making the co-teaching marriage work!
Summary (s. 5-13).
Japan's high schools
Teaching and learning in the intermediate multiage classroom
Policy development and reform principles of basic and secondary education in Finland since 1968
Inclusive education : perspectives on pedagogy, policy and practice
Classroom management for middle and high school teachers
Expert : a handbook for vocational English
Problems of the secondary education in Turkey and proposed measures : report of a workshop on education
Teaching reading in secondary schools
Summary (s. 13-21).
An Atlantic crossing? : the work of the International Examination Inquiry, its researchers, methods and influence
Take off!
Teaching business education 14-19
Student motivation in and out of the school context : the relationship between achievement goal orientation profiles and personal goals
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Confluencing for Academic Knowledge - Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Teaching secondary science : constructing meaning and developing understanding
Theoria, praxis, poiesis : individualization as the constitution of sociality
Essays on the efficiency of schools and student achievement
Online reading as an individual and social practice
Teaching to learn, learning to teach : a handbook for secondary school teachers
Why Study Online in Upper Secondary School? Qualitative Analysis of Online Learning Experiences
The continuity of learning disabilities : a follow-up study of nine young women with the history of dyslexia
The force concept inventory in diagnosing the conceptual understanding of newtonian mechanics in Finnish upper secondary schools
The development and role of task motivation and task values during different phases of the school career
Attitudes towards Swedish comprehensive school : comparisons over time and between classrooms in grade 6
Shaping the futures of young Europeans : education governance in eight European countries
Tanzanian female students' perspectives on the relevance of secondary education
Counselling in schools
This book discusses how the ways that young people's educational trajectories into and beyond lower secondary education are regulated can influence their future lives. It draws on the results of empirical studies in eight European countries: Finland, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Slovenia and the United Kingdom (England and Northern Ireland), carried out under the EU-funded GOETE project. The book explores the different ways that educational trajectories are - actively or passively - conceptualised, negotiated and organised in the individual countries, and the ways that these shape educational opportunities and life chances. Its central aims are to elaborate the different ways in which educational trajectories are governed in the eight countries, and to compare the differences between those approaches and their outcomes in the eight countries. It focuses on the relationships between the different (national and local) forms and outcomes of interactions between collective and individual actors, structures, institutions, mechanisms and discourses that exert influence on education policy and practice at various levels: inter- and transnational, nation state, regional, local or school levels. The chapters are organised in two parts. Part One develops and discusses the conceptual framework that drove the empirical analyses of the governance of educational trajectories. Part Two discusses different ways in which the spatial/scalar, discursive and institutional dimensions of the governance of educational trajectories affect the educational experiences and life courses of the young people in the eight countries. These chapters focus on different aspects of those experiences, such as issues of access to and coping within educational settings, the role of parents and students in the processes and consequences of transitions, provision for supporting migrant students, and conceptions of the relevance of education.Overall, the comparative approach to governance adopted in the volume makes it possible to identify key sources and consequences of the similarities and differences of the approaches to, and practices of, educational transitions adopted in the eight countries.
International perspectives on the goals of universal basic and secondary education
Learning to teach history in the secondary school : a companion to school experience
Policies, politics and the future of lifelong learning
Teaching secondary chemistry
Elcin Nkurenkuru High School : Namibia : history 1989-93, statistics 1990-99
Teaching secondary science with ICT
Adolescent education : a reader
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
Teaching secondary physics
Teaching mathematics and physics in secondary and higher education : proceedings of the third Inter-Karelian conference, Petrozavosk, Russia 20-22 May 1998
National core curriculum for general upper secondary schools 2015 : national core curriculum for general upper secondary education intended for young people
The red pencil : convictions from experience in education
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
The failed promise of the American high school, 1890-1995
How to be a brilliant FE teacher : a practical guide to being effective and innovative
Establishing a secondary school in Nepal
Teaching secondary school literacies with ICT
Vocationalisation of secondary education revisited
Summary (s.9-12).
Creating the dropout : an institutional and social history of school failure
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
The Main objective of the thesis was to improve the quality and the education system for secondary schools in Nepal. Present education system is not sufficient. It is mainly based on the theoretical knowledge rather than practical. In recent years, there are many changes brought into action by the ministry of education though not sufficient. First of all, an expertise on the field was gained as a student of Nepal and observation of long time on the field gives lot more concepts to think and bring the possible changes. There has been many observations and visits made to various schools in Nepal. Online sources, scholar's views and expertise, and books in the field are the base for the presentation. Second of all, the theoretical framework is all about Nepal as a beautiful country with its evolution in the field of education.  Thesis targets to bring out the reality in concern of present situation and at the same time, how improvements can be brought in the needed concerns. As a business plan of the school, all important issues are introduced and how implementations of them would be, and at what point an operation of the school is going to grab its pace was the ultimate goal.  The finding indicates, that school should be established in the western part of Nepal, where there is lack of proper education system. Considering as a lucrative business idea, private schools' entrepreneurs are increasing their fees, is also the main concern with no change in their education system. Gender disparity is another issue to be introduced and society should learn as education empowers women to overcome discrimination. Girls and young women who are educated have greater awareness of their rights, and greater confidence and freedom to make decisions that affect their lives, improve their own and their children's health and chances of survival, and boost their work prospects. Ensuring that girls stay in school is one of the most effective ways of averting child marriage and early births.
Research in secondary schools
Reading, writing and discussing The Other Hand : reader response and sociocultural learning in the literature classroom
Reviews of national policies for education : quality and equity of schooling in Scotland
Teaching history: developing as a reflective secondary teacher
Business and working life expectations of secondary-level education graduates in terms of International competence in Southern Ostrobothnia
Cognitive strategy instruction for middle and high schools
In Finland, online learning has become more common in recent years. In this study, we examined why adult students chose to study online for upper secondary school. The research also focused on the support needed for learning from a special education perspective. Both qualitative and quantitative data were collected using an electronic questionnaire. In total, 58 students responded. Data were analyzed qualitatively using the content analysis technique. The findings indicate that the main reasons for online studies are similar in Finland to those found internationally: flexibility of timetables, the student's health condition, and family situations. The findings also indicate that a student's school history leads them to choose online studies. This history included a lack of support, health issues, bullying, and too large class size. Suggested future research and practical implications also are discussed.
Empowering the beginning teacher of mathematics in middle school
Pupils in transition : moving between key stages
Magnetic metal : toward a model for satisfaction of education and career in vocational upper secondary education and training of machinery and metal technology in the Lahti region
Manual : proposals for easy school transitions in Lapland
Rethinking secondary education : a human-centred approach
"Is there life after death for secondary education? This book focuses upon the quality of learning. Educational 'Reform', too often begins with qualifications, examinations, institutional provision, paths of progression. Whilst these are important, their value lies in the support they give to learning in its different forms. This book starts with the aims of education and progresses onto what it means to learn (practically, theoretically, morally) taking into account the very many different needs of the learners. In so doing, it will be both philosophical in analysis and empirical in example. So much is happening 'from down below' that goes unrecognised by policy makers. But innovations too often get hampered by government interventions, by a bureaucratic mentality and by failure to spread good practice. The general argument of the book, therefore, will be illustrated throughout with detailed references to practical developments in schools, colleges, the third sector, youth work, independent training providers and professional bodies, all expressed from an international angle"--
Secondary education : the key concepts
Fostering science and technical studies in secondary schools through conceptual labs derived from interactive multimedia
Reconstructing the science of heat for better teaching and learning
Learning to teach mathematics in the secondary school : a companion to school experience
The life and death of secondary education for all
Tertiary teachers with dyslexia as narrators of their professional life and identity
Primary and secondary education : modern trends and common problems
French secondary education, 1763-1790 : the secularization of ex-Jesuit collèges
