http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3394 population growth
population growth
The new worlds of Thomas Robert Malthus : rereading the Principle of population
The city shaped : urban patterns and meanings through history
End game : tipping point for planet Earth?
Population and development : a critical introduction
The population dilemma
Enhanced processing of SPOT multispectral satellite imagery for environmental monitoring and modelling
Population bulletin of the United Nations : No. 15-1983
Mathematical models for the growth of human populations
Population development in Helsinki and the Helsinki region : realised population growth and projections until 2050.
Born in the '80s : China's first "One-child" generation
Finches of Mars
Population growth and levels of consumption : with special reference to coutries in Asia
Helsinki 2014 : urban life, openness and citizen engagement
The growth of cities in the nineteenth century
Fertility levels and trends as assessed from twenty world fertility surveys
The growth of Southern civilization : 1790-1860
7 Billion : how your world will change
Planning for a sustainable future
Food and population
The crowded greenhouse : population, climate change and creating a sustainable world
Trade, status, population growth, and environment in developing countries
Population and economic change in developing countries
Traditional reproduction of the population in Estonia in the 17th and 18th centuries
The fifth Scandinavian demographic symposium, 13-16 June 1979 at Hurdalssjøen, Norway
Public and private bads in a growth model with increasing population
Regeneration through empire : French pronatalists and colonial settlement in the Third Republic
The new population problem : why families in developed countries are shrinking and what it means
Economic growth and employment structure : a study of labour outmigration from agriculture in developing countries
The five horsemen of the modern world : climate, food, water, disease, and obesity
3000 years of urban growth
The eternal flame
Ecological crisis : readings for survival
Growth
Population puzzle : boom or bust?
"In 2050, the population in all the Nile Basin countries is expected to be ten times higher than it was in 1950. This will put ever increasing pressure on water as a resource for development. The Nile Basin catchment area is shared by 11 countries covering about one-tenth of the African continent. Globally, around 70 per cent of fresh water consumption is used in agriculture. This puts the spotlight on future scenarios regarding food production: will there be enough water for food security in the Nile Basin countries? In this Current African Issues publication, water scarcity and food security are analysed from a range of perspectives. What are the future predictions regarding population increase and climate change, and how will these affect development in Nile Basin countries? What are the current water theories addressing the above issues, and what are the main challenges the Nile Basin countries will face in a context that is also strongly shaped by its history?" --Publisher's description.
"This book tells the story of the tragic and often tormented relationship between the United States and Pakistan. Pakistan's internal troubles have already threatened US security and international peace, and Pakistan's rapidly growing population, nuclear arsenal, and relationships with China and India will continue to force it upon America's geostrategic map in new and important ways over the coming decades. This book explores the main trends in Pakistani society that will help determine its future; traces the wellsprings of Pakistani anti-American sentiment through the history of US-Pakistan relations from 1947 to 2001; assesses how Washington made and implemented policies regarding Pakistan since the terrorist attacks on the United States on September 11, 2001; and analyzes how regional dynamics, especially the rise of China, will likely shape US-Pakistan relations. It concludes with three options for future US strategy, described as defensive insulation, military-first cooperation, and comprehensive cooperation." -- Publisher website.
Examination of the real estate market under connnnsidering demographic changes and finding sustainable approaches
Outgrowing the earth : the food security challenge in an age of falling water tables and rising temperatures
Prospects of population : methodology and assumptions : papers of the Ad hoc group of experts on demographic projections, United Nations headquarters, 7-11 November 1977.
Environmental mortality and long-run growth
Islam and the securitisation of population policies : Muslim states and sustainability
Population and economy : from hunger to modern economic growth
Our living earth : a next generation guide to people and preservation
Life on the brink : environmentalists confront overpopulation
Environmental conservation
Technical background documents : World Food Summit, 13-17 November 1996, Rome, Italy. Vol. 1, 1-5
Religion and fertility : Arab Christian-Muslim differentials
Knut Wicksell on poverty : "no place is too exalted for the preaching of these doctrines"
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 55, Mekong River
Reproductive change in developing countries : insights from the World Fertility Survey
Water security in India : hope, despair, and the challenges of human development
Population : demography and policy
Population growth in Kenya and a case study of Taita-Taveta district
International security : politics, policy, prospects
Living in the environment
European demography and economic growth
Theory of fertility decline
Towards starvation -- Exploitation, parasitism and strife -- Urban jungles -- Still-born nationalisms -- Moral disorientation -- Television without sanitation -- Kleptocracy or corruption as a system of government -- From colonial to post-colonial authoritarianism -- The emergent class structures -- Circulation of elites -- Economic and political consequences of polygamy -- The hidden aspects of foreign aid -- Neo-colonialism -- African socialism -- The Shibboleth of education -- Is there a way out?
Making peace with the earth : what future for the human species and the planet?
Billions more to feed
Feeding frenzy : the new politics of food
The adverse health consequences of air pollution are of concern currently and there is a fear that these consequences escalate along with economic growth. The effect of economic growth on air pollution deaths is analyzed in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden by applying the Environmental Kuznets Curve approach, according to which economic growth has competing effects on air pollution and related deaths. On the one hand, emissions tend to increase as the scale of economic activity increases, but on the other hand, consumers and firms in richer countries use cleaner goods and adopt cleaner technologies. In Denmark and Finland, the latter effects are stronger, while in Sweden the opposite is true. Therefore, air pollution deaths will decrease in Denmark and Finland but increase in Sweden. Since country's own emissions do not determine air pollution completely, the paper briefly analyzes emissions from the Baltic countries and Russia. .
On defusing the population bomb
World population prospects as assessed in 1973.
Is Finland following the same path as Japan?
CONSEQUENCES OF POPULATION GROWTH ON AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION IN OBINGWA LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREA OF ABIA STATE NIGERIA.
Indonesia assessment : population and human resources
Water scarcity and food security along the Nile : politics, population increase and climate change
Agricultural and Settlement Frontiers in the Tropical Andes : the Paramo Belt of Northern Equador, 1960-1990
Urbanization, population growth, and economic development in the Philippines
The determinants and consequences of population trends : new summary of findings on interaction of demographic, economic and social factors. 1.
The state of human security in Africa : an assessment of institutional preparedness
The development of the food retailing real estate market under the aspect of the demographic change : a study of the current and the future structures of the food retailing industry in rural areas as well as base and mediumsized centers in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
Preliminary population statistics
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Global research on the environmental and agricultural Nexus for the 21st century : a proposal for collaborative research among U.S. universities, CGIAR centers, and developing country institutions : report of the Taskforce on Research Innovations for Productivity and Sustainability
The coming population crash and our planet's surprising future
China's population situation and policies
Economic and social survey of Asia and the Pacific : 2006 : energizing the global economy
Population decline in Europe : implications of a declining or stationary population
Population growth overshooting and trade in developing countries
Population projections : methodology of the United Nations
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
Executive summary.
Air Pollution Mortality in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden
The African predicament : a study in the pathology of modernisation
There is emerging evidence that environmental degradation increases human mortality. This paper provides a long-run consumer optimization model in which mortality is endogenous to emissions generated by production. Emissions are assumed to follow the EKC path, first rising and then falling along with output. In the optimum, some deaths are accepted as an exchange for consumption. The model is estimated for the European outdoor air pollution data, showing that Europe has reached the downward sloping segment of the EKC. Economic growth will thus decrease rather than increase air pollution and the associated deaths in most countries in Europe.
Demographic clubs : convergence within, divergence between
One child : the story of China's most radical experiment
Africa's moment
Monitoring urban conditions and trends
Patterns of urban and rural population growth
Environment and society : human perspectives on environmental issues
Population 10 Billion
The population challenge : a handbook for nonspecialists
Tradition and change in Ghana : an introduction to sociology
One child : do we have a right to more?
Introduction to population : a sociological approach
Natural fertility : patterns and determinants of natural fertility : proceedings of a Seminar on natural fertility = Fecondite naturelle : niveaux et déterminants de la fécondité naturelle : actes d'un Séminaire sur la fécondité naturelle
Are there good moral grounds to support coercive population policies?
No exit from Pakistan : America's tortured relationship with Islamabad
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
Population, climate change, and women's lives
The population bomb
Global warming and other bollocks
Demographic transition and economic growth
An introduction to population
Demographic transition in China : fertility trends since the 1950s
Humanity's footprint : momentum, impact, and our global environment
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Population perspectives : statements by world leaders
An address on the population problem : one of a series of lectures at MIT on "World Change and World Security"
Potential population supporting capacities of lands in the developing world
The evolution of population theory : a documentary sourcebook
Population and society : a sociological perspective
FAO in the 21st century : ensuring food security in a changing world
More people, less erosion : environmental recovery in Kenya
Water scarcity in the Arab world
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 65, Eastern Equatorial Pacific
Population growth, human capital and economic growth in China
Peoplequake : mass migration, ageing nations and the coming population crash
The conditions of agricultural growth : the economics of agrarian change under population pressure
Global mapping of human settlement: experiences, datasets and prospects
"Few people actively engaged in India's water sector would deny that the Indian subcontinent faces serious problems in the sustainable use and management of water resources. Water resources in India have been subjected to tremendous pressures from increasing population, urbanization, industrialization, and modern agricultural methods. The inadequate access to clean drinking water, increase in water related disasters such as floods and droughts, vulnerability to climate change and competition for the resource amongst different sectors and the region poses immense pressures for sustainability of water systems and humanity. Water Security in India addresses these issues head on, analyzing the challenges that contemporary India faces if it is to create a water-secure world, and providing a hopeful, though guarded, road-map to a future in which India's life-giving and life-sustaining fresh water resources are safe, clean, plentiful, and available to all, secured for the people in a peaceful and ecologically sustainable manner"--
Population in industrialization
Following France's defeat in the Franco-Prussian War in 1870-71, French patriots feared that their country was in danger of becoming a second-rate power in Europe. Decreasing birth rates had largely slowed French population growth, and the country's population was not keeping pace with that of its European neighbors. To regain its standing in the European world, France set its sights on building a vast colonial empire while simultaneously developing a policy of pronatalism to reverse these demographic trends. Though representing distinct political movements, colonial supporters and pronatalist organizations were born of the same crisis and reflected similar anxieties concerning France's trajectory and position in the world. Regeneration through Empire explores the intersection between colonial lobbyists and pronatalists in France's Third Republic. Margaret Cook Andersen argues that as the pronatalist movement became more organized at the end of the nineteenth century, pronatalists increasingly understood their demographic crisis in terms that transcended the boundaries of the metropole and began to position the French empire, specifically its colonial holdings in North Africa and Madagascar, as a key component in the nation's regeneration. Drawing on an array of primary sources from French archives, Regeneration through Empire is the first book to analyze the relationship between depopulation and imperialism.
Linkages between population, environment and development : case studies from Costa Rica, Pakistan and Uganda
Visiting Malthus : the man, his times, the issues
Population 10 billion : [the coming demographic crisis and how to survive it]
For over three decades, China exercised unprecedented control over the reproductive habits of its billion citizens. Now, with its economy faltering just as it seemed poised to become the largest in the world, the Chinese government has brought an end to its one-child policy. It may once have seemed a shortcut to riches, but it has had a profound effect on society in modern China. Combining personal portraits of families affected by the policy with a nuanced account of China's descent towards economic and societal turmoil, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Mei Fong reveals the true cost of this most controversial of policies. Drawing on eight years spent documenting its repercussions, she reveals a dystopian legacy of second children refused documentation by the state, only children supporting their parents and grandparents, and villages filled with ineligible bachelors.
Six billion and more : human population regulation and Christian ethics
The effects of the size of the public sector on fertility
Population and America's future
Abstract: The forests of East Usambara.
The state and the stork : the population debate and policy making in US history
Synthesis of the technical background documents
Cultural factors and population growth
The implications of demographic change for economic growth
Determinants of fertility in developing countries. Vol. 2, Fertility regulation and institutional influences
How many people can the earth support?
Convergence and demographic transition : a club approach
The future of sustainability
Manipulating Soviet population resources
China's one-child family policy
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
Finland is now facing problems similar to those with which Japan has already struggled for more than a decade. The population is ageing, and slow economic growth is not generating sufficient funds to cover swelling public expenditure. General government debt threatens to become unsustainable. From the perspective of Finnish economic policy, an examination of the situation in Japan emphasises the importance of structural measures. If decisions on reforming the structures of the economy are postponed far into the future, in the light of Japan's experiences this may result in reduced growth and employment, with consequent high costs..
The United Nations faces the population crisis
