http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3390 tertiary education
tertiary education academic education higher education
Research teaching and learning in higher education
The global enterprise of higher enterprise
The organisations of higher education are constantly changing. Universities,  colleges, private schools and online universities refine their pedagogical  methods and learning models in a competitive market. This article is a study  on whether one such model helps students to gain new knowledge. A study  of the LAB studio model (LSM), which is a pedagogical model developing  connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and  development of business-related prototypes and start-up companies, is presented.  The LSM, theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning  with a project-based education at its core, has the key goal of educating  entrepreneurial competences in higher education. Based on the case study,  comprising a literature review of knowledge creation and a survey, the qualitative  results analysis suggests that LSM offers a promising support for knowledge  creation. The results lead to the conclusion that LSM provides support  especially for the various modes of the SECI model, such as socialisation  and internalisation, and seems to support organisational knowledge creation  aspects as well.
Synthesising qualitative research : choosing the right approach
Co-operation between universities of applied sciences and world of work : employee perspective on the benefits
Education andtraining 2010 : three studies to support school policy development. Lot 2, Teacher education curricula in the EU. Final Report
The review of higher education : the journal of the Association for the Study of Higher Education
The expansion of higher education and time-consistent taxation
"Summer in Space 2014" : Digital business development course
Intercultural and interprofessional environment in the social and health care higher education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
OECD thematic review of tertiary educationn : country background report for Finland
Portraits of PBL : a cross-faculty comparison of students' experiences of problem-based learning
Journal of the European Higher Education Area : policy, practice and institutional engagement
Lifelong learning for the new decade
Work-placement assessment as a lived-through educationally meaningful experience of the student : an application of the phenomenological descriptive approach
European journal of higher education
Wise moves in hard times : creating and managing resilient colleges and universities
Higher education in a global society : achieving diversity, equity and excellence
University perspectives
Industry and higher education : collaboration to improve students' learning and training
Strategies for internationalisation of higher education : a comparative study of Austalia, Canada, Europe and the United States of America
Achieving educational excellence
Toward a more perfect university
Any person, any study : an essay on higher education in the United States
Constructing reputation in a university merger
Perspectives and limitations of Finnish higher forestry education in a unifying Europe
The idea of a university
Times higher education supplement
Managing teaching and learning in further and higher education
The university as an institution today : topics for reflection
"International Association of Universities' worldwide database of higher education institutions, systems and credentials."--Kotisivu.
Universal higher education : costs, benefits, options
Beyond Leadership by PowerPoint
Follow-up Study on the African graduates of Seinäjoki UAS 2003 - 2015
The present research deals with the curriculum development process realized in the practical nurse  education in Oulu Diakonia College. The curriculum has been developed since the middle of the 1990s into a  competence-based curriculum. The process has been spurred by the necessity to produce exams and knowledge to  meet the needs of work life. The purpose was to design a program which included compulsory entrepreneurship  education. It was implemented through cooperative learning and planning processes among the teaching staff.  When preparing the new theme, the staff and students were engaged in the process. The teachers defined and  shared common aims, defined their mental models, assessed their personal competences and decided what to learn  more. They used team work to share the ideas and conceptions. They examined their plans to make them conform  to those of the foundation (ODI). They brought their conceptions and experiential knowledge to their joint efforts.  The students evaluated the changes.  In the beginning the staff members had diverse attitudes to the change: some understood its importance at  once, others needed more time for it. The process resulted in transformative learning experiences: both the staff  members and the school organization were changed. The students valued the entrepreneurship education high, and  many of them chose optional entrepreneurship courses in addition to the compulsory ones.
Improvement and accountability : navigating between Scylla and Charybdis : guide for external quality assessment in higher education
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
Transformation of higher education in innovation systems in China and Finland
Charting Teachers' Perspective on Utilizing Distance Learning in Higher Education
The collegial tradition in the age of mass higher education
Higher education revisited
Globalization and reform in higher education
Planning and managing higher education facilities
Journal of higher education
Access and institutional change
Research into higher education abstracts
Higher education in the U.S.S.R. : curriculums, schools, and statistics
This study deals with competence-based curriculum development in higher education, in universities of applied sciences. Competence-based curricula have been launched with the Bologna process into European higher education over the last two decades, introducing student-centered curricula instead of earlier subject- centered curricula.  The present curriculum development started with the idea of collaboration to strengthen the teachers' agency. The administrative view was to implement the competence-based curriculum and new assessment criteria and to ensure their implementations. My idea as a responsive planner and head of the project was to offer a forum for interaction.  The theoretical frame of this study was constructed on the basis of curriculum theory and the change of paradigm within it. The aim of the study was to find out how teachers talk about curriculum and curriculum development. Much effort was given to the interpretation of their words and utterances. The research questions specified the aim of explaining what meanings were constructed and how they were understood as part of the interaction process.  The research questions were:  1. What meanings do teachers in an applied sciences university give to competence-based curriculum during the development process?  2. How are the meanings constructed in the development process of competence-based curriculum?  The research method was discourse analysis. The context of the study was the department of engineering in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The participants were 15 teachers working as program leaders. The material consisted of six group discussions proceeding as a pedagogical process in 2009 - 2011. All meetings were recorded and transcribed.  Outcomes of the study consist of interpretation repertoires. Repertoires can be defined as situationally constructed varying ways to talk about curriculum development and curriculum.  Six interpretative repertoires for curriculum development practises were formed from the material. They were “coercion, duty, benefit, threat for the autonomy, initiative for reflection and toughening pedagogic leadership” –repertoires. They are linked to the themes of teachers' pedagogical practises and identity construction. The most dominant repertoire was coercion repertoire.  Seven interpretative repertoires were formed about the curriculum itself. They are repertoires of “formal learning, substance-centeredness, personal learning, knowledge-based, course-centeredness, student as an object and inconsistent relationship with the working life”. Based on the results, future directions and targets of the applied sciences curriculum work are reflected in the article.
The New Order: Improving the Internationality in the International Business Degree Programme. Case Savonia University of Applied Sciences
Exploring two cases of piano teacher education in Finland and Germany
"Open the doors!" : Migrants in Higher Education : Fostering Cooperation at Universities Seminar 13.-14.12.2016 in Jyväskylä
Fulbright Center news
Collaborative Curriculum Development and Meanings Given to it by Teachers
Financing higher education : answers from the UK
Changing financial relations between government and higher education : papers presented at the Ninth European Forum of the Association for Institutional Research (AIR) August, 1987 at the University of Twente, Enschede, The Netherlands
The role of social media in informal and formal learning
ACSM's health/fitness facility standards and guidelines
Innovations and innovation processes in higher education
Student feedback : the cornerstone to an effective quality assurance system in higher education
Experiences of higher education development with CDIO initiative
Interdisciplinarity : problems of teaching and research in universities
Higher education : report of the Committee appointed by the Prime Minister under the chairmanship of Lord Robbins, 1961-63. Appendix
Best procedure project : Entrepreneurship in higher education, especially in non-business studies. Final report of the expert group
Oamk LABs practices for bridging work life 21th century skills and higher education
Higher education policies in the EU and in the People's Republic of China : a comparative approach
Fellmannia – a meeting place for learners
INNO-FOREST : integrating innovation and entrepreneurship research in higher forestry education
An equity perspective on access to, enrolment in and finance of tertiary education
Towards better academic research-based education in family business : a cross-national comparison of advanced teaching and learning practices
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
On the philosophy of higher education
Higher education and research in Finland
Fulbright Finland news
Model for the qualitative aspects of the relationship between labour market and supply of education : the case of higher education : paper presented at the EC Symposium Education/Training and Labour Market Policy, Noordwijkerhout, 28-30 April 1986
"International Teaching and Learning at Universities investigates both the positive and the more problematic aspects of the internationalization of education. The flow of students to universities is no longer unidirectional from East to West but truly global with a diminishing difference between the two major educational centers. Slethaug and Vinther explain how liberal education, the movement of students across the globe, autonomy for students and teachers, and internationalization of education influence each other in constructing a new educational reality. These elements are vital to the continued development of learning, economic growth, and the democratic process of our societies in the East and West"--
The SAGE handbook of international higher education
Academic capitalism hits the fan : the birth of acamanic capitalism
Integrating liberal learning and professional education
Promoting Entrepreneurship Studies in Practical Nurse Education through  Joint Curriculum Planning
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
Tangential modernity : culture of higher education reform in Pakistan
Diploma of higher education : competence modules for everyone
Student entrepreneurship in the social knowledge economy : successful cases and management practices
Working paper for theme discussions under the general title Higher education at the approach of the twenty-first century
Policy and planning for post-secondary education : a European overview
The student experience in art and design higher education : drivers for change
Academic advising : a comprehensive handbook
The objective of this article is to consider e-mentoring models applicable for SME staff development. The article examines a study conducted collaboratively between a university of applied sciences and entrepreneurial organisation, ascertaining organisation members' interest in e-mentoring for professional development. In this Finnish case, entrepreneurs' skill deficits and e-mentoring's possibilities as a learning support are identified, and the practicality and meaningfulness of different e-mentoring forms examined. The results indicate e-mentoring is expected to facilitate support from experienced entrepreneurs in practical professional development. Peer mentoring online was slightly preferred over one-on-one expert e-mentoring.
International degree student guidance and counselling : supporting the international student community at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Power relations and rationales around internationalization of higher education
Student Satisfaction and Academic Rankings: Do They Correlate?  : Study Advisory as an Alternative to Academic Rankings.
Policy paper for change and development in higher education
Coping with problems in social interaction in Asperger's Syndrome : an investigation of persons with higher education
Transforming global higher education  : a feminist perspective
Systemic approach to learning paradigms and the use of social media in higher education
Change in higher education, the non-university sector : an international perspective : papers presented at the ninth European Forum of the Associotion for Institutional Research (AIR), August, 1987 at the University of Twente, Enschede, The Netherlands
Comparison of Russian and Finnish educational systems at university level.  : Education in the field of HVAC.
The Journal of continuing higher education
From an artist into an art researcher
Building communities of difference : higher education in the twenty-first century
Higher education research & development
Evaluation of higher education in a changing Europe : report from the Unesco seminar on the Evaluation of Higher Education in a Changing Europe, Stockholm, May 1990
Key factors in transforming university internationalization into commercial activity in Finland : case of University of Turku
Self-regulation, self-study and program review in higher education : papers presented at the Ninth European forum of the association for Institutional Research (AIR) august, 1987 at the University of Twente, Enschede, The Netherlands
This innovative book illustrates ways to put economics in the best context for it to be most effectively taught to and understood by under- and post-graduate students. It provides teachers of economics with various techniques to engage and retain the interest of students, while challenging them to apply knowledge and methodological tools to a range of economic problems. The expert contributors provide fascinating insights and ideas to both improve the quality of teaching economics and deepen students' understanding of economic reasoning and problem solving.
The new higher education : issues and directions for the post-dearing university
Gender inclusive engineering education
Connecting learning across the institution : new directions for higher education, number 165
Adults in higher education : policies and practice in Great Britain and North America
Innovative higher education
Transforming higher education : views from leaders around the world
WHED : world higher education database
Academic and educational development : research, evaluation and changing practice in higher education
Systemic approach to learning paradigms and  the use of social media in higher education
Imagining the university
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge  Creation in the LAB Studio Model
What is this thing we call archival science : a report on an international survey
Internationalisation in European non-university higher education : a project of the Academic Cooperation Association
Higher education in Bulgaria
New developments in economic education
Higher education, quality and evaluation in comparative and international perspectives
The state of graduate education
Centres of excellence in Finnish university education 2010-2012
Internationalizing the curriculum in higher education : experiences in the Netherlands
Higher education and manpower planning in Sweden : contribution to a joint ILO/UNESCO project
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
The classical German concept of the university and its influence on higher education in the United States
First year physics students' perceptions of studying foreign languages
How to explain academic capitalism : a mechanism-based approach
Regional seminars on university governance in the Tempus partner countries (2010-2011) : conclusions
Coaching and mentoring in higher education : a learning-centred approach
A considerable number of journal publications using a range of qualitative synthesis approaches has been published. Mary Dixon-Woods and colleagues (Mary Dixon-Woods, Booth, & Sutton, 2007) identified 42 qualitative evidence synthesis papers published in health care literature between 1990 and 2004. An ongoing update by Hannes and Macaitis (2010)identified around 100 additional qualitative or mixed methods syntheses. Yet these generally lack a clear, detailed description of what was done and why (Greenhalgh et al, 2007; McInnes & Wimpenny, 2008) . Choices are most commonly influenced by what others have successfully used in the past or by a particular school of thought (Atkins et al, 2008; Britten et al, 2002). This is a substantive limitation.  This book  brings balance to the options available to researchers, including approaches that have not had a substantial uptake among researchers. It provides arguments for when and why researchers or other parties of interest should opt for a certain approach to synthesis, which challenges they might face in adopting it and what the potential strengths and weaknesses are compared with other approaches.  This book acts as a resource for readers who would otherwise have to piece together the methodology from a range of journal articles. In addition, it should stimulate further development and documentation of synthesis methodology in a field that is characterized by diversity.
E-learning activities are likely to grow significantly and the area has potential to generate more possibilities for both teachers and students especially in higher education. It creates alternative ways to partake, tutor and utilize new learning environment. In this paper we present our on-going work on exploring current usage and attitudes towards using eLearning technologies in teaching. The aim was to investigate advantages, challenges and needs for support among teachers in higher education. In our case, focus was to concentrate on distance learning more than e-learning in general.  The results show that the perceived advantages of distance learning were dominated by independence concerning of time, place, flexibility and individual options. Distance learning was seen flexible and enhancing of students' freedom of their own studies. More surprisingly distance learning was perceived more activating than traditional learning increasing presence, participation and both communal and individual learning. In addition the results revealed that there is emerging need for building deeper understanding of challenges faced by teachers utilizing distance learning. It is important to take into account that continuous and relevant training, peer support for educators are key factors in order to increase usage of eLearning methods. It requires also more straightforward tools and services to support learning gains and enhance usage of distance learning in higher education.
Essays on strategic management and quality assurance
A picture of radiography education across Europe
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Developing creativities in higher music education : international perspectives and practices
Studies in higher education
Higher education : report of the Committee appointed by the Prime Minister under the chairmanship of Lord Robbins, 1961-63
Higher education in sport in Europe : from labour market demand to training supply
Advancing leadership capacity: preparation of early childhood leaders in Australia through a coursework masters degree
A periphery extending into Europe? : a study of the politics of education within higher education reform in Georgia
The crisis in higher education : competence, delight and the common good
International teaching and learning at universities : achieving equilibrium with local culture and pedagogy
Reform in graduate and professional education
Measuring outcomes of college : fifty years of findings and recommendations for the future
A Marketing Strategy for International Summer School
Being an academic : [the realities of practice in a changing world]
Higher education in China
In 2013–2015, JAMK University of Applied Sciences implemented a national pilot project Diploma of Higher Education based on a proposal by the Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture. The aim was to determine the need for working life for competence modules consisting of parts of higher education degrees which diversify the offering and participants. Similar higher education programmes have grown more common internationally. JAMK UAS implemented four diploma of higher education programmes as UAS open studies: Agricultural Entrepreneur Business Competence, Gerontological Rehabilitation, HR and Financial Specialist and Purchasing Specialist. The aim of the students was to expand their competence, develop their own work and further advance in their careers. For the training to succeed, it was important to invest in instruction, support group formation and have flexible implementation models. The students were able to develop their competence based on their own individual needs and the needs of working life, regardless of their educational background. Groups that promoted peer learning and networking were felt to be the strengths of the training. The costs for students were also very moderate. If needed, the studies can later be credited towards a degree programme. Diplomas of higher education are a quick and flexible way to implement various competence modules that meet the needs of working life. The students and employers have appreciated the pre-packaged, clear and sufficiently advanced competence modules of 60 ECTS cr.
The responses of the higher education sector in the poverty reduction strategies in Africa : the case of Cameroon
Global tourism higher education : past, present and future
New NHS, new collaboration, new agenda for education
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
Searching for e-mentoring practices for SME staff development
Rankings and accountability in higher education : uses and misuses
Reforming our universities : the campaign for Academic Bill of Rights
"Despite both positive and negative perceptions of the current state of higher education, the contemporary debate over what it is to be a university is limited. Most of all, it is limited imaginatively. The range of imagined options is narrow. The imagination has not been given anything even approaching a wide scope. As a result, our sense as to what a university could be and could become in the modern age is itself impoverished. If we are seriously to develop a wide range of ideas of the university that is adequate to the challenges of the modern world, the imagination itself needs to be freed. Imagining the University seeks to address each of these sets of issues and will do so by first, identifying a very wide range of ideas of the university as it is now unfolding and could become; secondly, by evaluating those conceptions of the university with a classification of ideas of the university; and thirdly, by reflecting on the imagination itself, its current impoverishment and its possibilities. Whether studying, researching or deciding policy, this book is vital reading to all those involved in the planning and delivery of higher education"--
Project 211: a brief introduction
Global higher education rankings 2005 : affordability and accessibility in comparative perspective
Teaching in higher education
Has higher education been transformative over the last three decades? This question is double-edged, based upon a reprise of Professor David's education and social research. What influences have second wave feminists, drawing on feminism as the key social movement of the twentieth century, had on the pedagogies and practices in global higher education? Aspiring academics aimed for gender and social justice through inclusive pedagogies in higher education or lifelong learning. Ideas about inclusive pedagogies have begun to percolate into forms of mass higher education in the 21st century, linked to widening access and participation in higher education. Yet the expansion of higher education and the knowledge economy has been more about transforming global labour markets than it has been about social or gender justice. Higher education has indeed expanded and afforded diverse opportunities for participation as students and as researchers or academics, yet these transformations maintain systemic inequalities.
Interest in science education and research : a study of graduate students
Purpose    To establish an understanding of radiography education across Europe by surveying higher education institutions registered as affiliate members of the European Federation of Radiography Societies (EFRS).    Method    An online survey was developed to ascertain data on: curricula, duration, credit load, accreditation requirements, staff qualifications, staff and student exchange opportunities, and availability of postgraduate programmes. Responses were identifiable in terms of educational institution and country. All 46 affiliated educational institutions were invited to participate in the survey. Descriptive and thematic analyses are reported.    Results    A response rate of 89.1% (n = 41) was achieved from educational institutions representing 21 countries. The majority of institutions (63.4%) offer a combined Medical Imaging, Radiotherapy and Nuclear Medicine programme; dedicated Medical Imaging programmes are offered by 14 institutions (34.2%); dedicated Radiotherapy programme by one institution (2.4%), and a dedicated Nuclear Medicine programme by only three institutions (6.5%). The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle has been adopted by 90.2% of responding institutions. The majority of institutions (53.7%) indicated programmes of 3 years in duration, others stated 3.5–4 years. Only 14.6% of institutions require 'International Level' accreditation for the Bachelors radiography programme. Postgraduate programmes were not offered by 26.8% of institutions and a deficit in Doctoral status for radiography educators was identified.    Conclusions    The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle for radiography education has been adopted across the majority of institutions, however, full alignment remains a priority. Postgraduate radiography education opportunities across Europe appear to be insufficient and further investigation of radiography accreditation processes is justified to ensure harmonisation of practice.
Graduate employment : career expectations of University of Jyväskylä students in languages
Access to higher education in Europe
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in higher education
The future for higher education : proceedings of the 19th annual conference of the society for research into higher education 1983
Culture and ideology in higher education
The effect of education on migration : evidence from school reform
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
Developing academic programs : the climate for innovation : by Daniel T. Seymour ; prep. by ERIC
Local knowledge and wisdom in higher education
The sociology of higher education : reproduction, transformation and change in a global era
External quality assurance in Finnish higher education institutions : two cases - the Universities of Tampere and Turku in a new-institutional perspective
Handbook on globalization and higher education
