http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3392 problems
problems
Hard times
Indigenous peoples rights and conflict-situation in the oil-producing states of Nigeria : the globalization connection and activities of the multinationals
Think like a freak : the authors of Freakonomics offer to retrain your brain
Problems in Information Systems Development
Dilemmas : the Tarner lectures 1953
Investigating hazardous and deleterious building materials
Assimilated individuals and segregated communities : a comparative study of housing and living related well-being of Finnish roma and housed gypsies and travellers in England
Problem Gambling and the Non-Medical Addiction Model : Finnish General Practitioners' and Social Workers' Perceptions
If it hurts, it isn't love : secrets of successful relationships
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
The study of social problems : five perspectives
The Grunts in trouble
Blue diary
In a small southern town with a secret world hidden in plain sight, sixteen-year-old Lena, who possesses supernatural powers and faces a life-altering decision, draws away from her true love, Ethan, a mortal with frightening visions.
Issues in world politics
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
Economics of urban problems : selected readings
The Third World
International relations : a concise introduction
Knee Problems among Iaido Practitioners
Sleepless in America : is your child misbehaving ...or missing sleep?
Poor economics : barefoot hedge-fund managers, DIY doctors and the surprising truth about life on less than $1 a day
Computational studies on direct reconstruction methods in tomographic imaging
From intervention to social change : a guide to reshaping everyday practices
The baby
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
Understanding social problems
Secrets of a family album
The second silence
Social work and social problems
Forever princess
The almost well done game project : case atudy of the anti-patterns in the development process of Urban Empire
The millennium development goals report 2012
Fussy Freya
Racism without racists : color-blind racism and the persistence of racial inequality in the United States
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
By exploring existing material on the human trafficking phenomenon, this article aims to build a rationale for future research and development on human trafficking issues. The scope of this study is placed within the context of public health and highlights child trafficking. The qualitative data analysis software ATLAS.ti 6.2 is utilized to sketch a conceptual network of human trafficking issues. A coding scheme was planned and administered where specific terms were chosen for analysis. The aim of this study is to explore the phenomenon of exploitation and human trafficking and learn the ways in which it is addressed in the context of public health. Examples of existing action against human trafficking are discussed especially in the light of child trafficking. Global partnerships will also be discussed in terms of how they fit within the UN Millennium Goal of 2015. Considerations for future action for both local Finnish society as well as South Asian society will be addressed. The preliminary findings presented suggest that the human trafficking phenomenon is multi-faceted and should be understood as a 'glocal', intertwined public health issue..
Somali immigrants' perceptions of mental health
Work orientation and follow-up : Case company ABC Vaasa
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
The winter war
Image reconstruction with error modelling in diffuse optical tomography
Random family : love, drugs, trouble, and coming of age in the Bronx
Marriage and other games
The crisis of confidence : ideas, power and violence in America
The robot's dilemma : the frame problem in artificial intelligence
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
Uniquely human : a different way of seeing autism
How concepts solve management problems
Friendship
Beginners : the original version of What we talk about when we talk about love
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Least among saints
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
India's reforms : how they produced inclusive growth
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Some aspects of Estonian social work and social policy
The second painter's problem book
Streaming content in real-time : the problems that providers confront with live streaming
Comparing children, families and risks
Style in the translation process : a description of the translation process of two short  stories by Carol Shields
One small step can change your life : the kaizen way
Study for Improvements in Bts Research and Development Processes
The fieldworker and the field : problems and challengen in sociological investigation
Some social problems of deaf mutes in Northern Ireland
Britt-Marie was here
Performing the emancipation of indigeneity from the corporeal politics, through the indigenous agencies
A practical guide to problem-based learning online
The jump
Convergence rates and uncertainty quantification for inverse problems
Customer service officer as a responsible host at the Skycity Adelaide Casino
The process of remembering with the Forgotten Australians : digital storytelling and marginalized groups
How to think like Einstein : simple ways to break the rules and discover your hidden genius
Mathematical puzzle tales
Too hot to hug!
Images of issues : typifying contemporary social problems
Morality and moral controversies
Promoting meaningful learning through video production-supported PBL
Sharp objects : a novel
Childlessness and the skewed regional sex ratios in Finland
Poor Europe : the problem of poverty in chosen European countries
What happens to children : the origins of violence : a collection of stories told by children who could not write them
Appleby Farm
The small back room
Contemporary social evils
Defects and deterioration in buildings
Last chance in the Pyrenees
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurship
Eleanor & Park
Problems of expanding towns viewed generally and in their relation to the general situation in rural areas
Okay for now
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurahip
Two towns : social alternatives in a time of change = Két város szociális alternatívái az ezredfordulón
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Purity : a novel
Managing and engineering in complex situations
On the invertibility and eigenvalue properties of some lattice-theoretic matrices : meet and join matrices studied via Möbius inversion
Environmental futures : the practice of environmental scenario analysis
Abstract: Excessive gambling is increasingly understood in medical terms. Instead of criticizing this process as “medicalization” and an enlargement of the medical profession's area of influence, we question this understanding from the context of the Finnish non-medical model of addiction. Group interviews with seven groups of general practitioners (GPs) and eight groups of social workers in Finland (altogether 66 participants) were conducted. Film clips portraying gambling problems served as a discussion stimulus. Neither of the professional groups medicalized the issue, but both interpreted it as a social problem. However, participants still held individual gamblers responsible for overcoming the problem. GPs contest their responsibility to treat problem gambling, whereas social workers claim a position of caring for those harmed by the person's problem gambling, rather than for the gambler him-/herself. We argue that a medical framing of excessive gambling would risk limiting social workers' efforts even further. In the context of the Finnish non-medical model of addiction, this would coincide with a medical profession unwilling to fill the gap, leaving problem gambling unattended by both professions. Finally, we question the frequently made equation between medicalization and individualization..
Knee problems among iaido practitioners
AIP 2015 : Applied Inverse Problems Conference in Helsinki, Finland May 25-29, 2015 : book of abstracts
Understanding cat behaviour : the complete feline problem solver
Struggles over corporate social responsibility meanings in teaching practices : the case of hybrid problem-based learning
Double standard : social policy in Europe and the United States
I love you but I'm not in love with you : seven steps to saving your relationship
The taxi driver's daughter
Avril Lavigne's make 5 wishes. volume 1
Youth's problems in their true perspective : presidential observations during the 9th Session of the Destour Party's Socialist Studies Committee on the subject "The concerns of youth", Carthage 14th January 1969
Too good to leave, too bad to stay : a step-by-step guide to help you decide whether to stay in or get out of your relationship
Chicimire ankha = The eyes of a dragonfly : (four eyes can see four times more!)
The economic novel in America
Saint anything
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
Embracing the wickedness of health care : essays on reforms, wicked problems and public deliberation
A night in with Audrey Hepburn
Perfect daughter
The solution of social problems : five perspectives
There's a pig up my nose!
Crimes of the heart
Avril Lavigne's make 5 wishes. volume 2
Translating software instructions : a case study on the translation process of instructions for a subscription software, with special attention to translation problems
World poverty for dummies
Historical dimensions of national security problems
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Encyclopedia of world problems and human potential
Homelessness in global perspective
Chemistry : matter and its changes : student solutions manual
How to Internatinalize your Business : Guidebook for German Companies
Perspectives on social problems : a research annual. Vol. 2
Social problems : causes and controls
Topical problems of the international olympic movement
The anatomy of frustration : a modern synthesis
The economics of social problems : the market versus the state
A methodology for the adoptation of information systems in least developed countries (LDCs) : case study Ethiopia
Take me, take me with you : a novel of suspense
The apportionment problem : a monograph
From problems to critical success factors of enterprise architecture adoption
Princess in training
Development of a framework to study communication barriers in the Distributed Agile Development environment
The making of zombie wars
The decline of radicalism : reflections on America today
F*ck feelings : less obsessing, more living*
Parking issues in Lutakko from a user-oriented viewpoint
Problems in communication between Russians and Finns
Perfectly Percy
Marley & me : life and love with the world's worst dog
The week I ruined my life
A Christmas cracker
The outcast
Dancing on the edge
Psychology : the science of mind and behaviour
The cradle snatcher
Chemistry
In other troops : stories about violence
Thinking and problem solving
Victim without a face
The certainty of Violet and Luke
Hardpressed
A new regime of governing childhood? : Finland as an example
Problematic talk : the role of multiple understandings in project meetings
Exploring human traffiking as a public health and 'glocal' issue : future considerations and a plea for Finnish society to take action
Development and functioning of fiscal frameworks in the Central and Eastern European countries
People and plans : essays on urban problems and solutions
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
Major incident procedure : case OMX Group
Chicken dance
The secret life of husbands
Life course approach to the development of hostility and anger : family origins in childhood and unemployment in adulthood
The corrections
Repair work interaction in business e-mail messages - with special reference to interpersonal metadiscourse
Problems in Ageing Client's Discharge Process
Princess in love
Demelza : a novel of Cornwall, 1788-1790
Alcohol problems in the community
The summer we fell apart : a novel
"A monumental new novel from the bestselling author of Everything Is Illuminated and Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close    In the book of Genesis, when God calls out, "Abraham!" to order him to sacrifice his son Isaac, Abraham responds, "Here I am." Later, when Isaac calls out, "My father!" to ask him why there is no animal to slaughter, Abraham responds, "Here I am." How do we fulfill our conflicting duties as father, husband, and son; wife and mother; child and adult? Jew and American? How can we claim our own identities when our lives are linked so closely to others'? These are the questions at the heart of Jonathan Safran Foer's first novel in eleven years--a work of extraordinary scope and heartbreaking intimacy. Unfolding over four tumultuous weeks, in present-day Washington, D.C., Here I Am is the story of a fracturing family in a moment of crisis. As Jacob and Julia and their three sons are forced to confront the distances between the lives they think they want and the lives they are living, a catastrophic earthquake sets in motion a quickly escalating conflict in the Middle East. At stake is the very meaning of home--and the fundamental question of how much life one can bear. Showcasing the same high-energy inventiveness, hilarious irreverence, and emotional urgency that readers and critics loved in his earlier work, Here I Am is Foer's most searching, hard-hitting, and grandly entertaining novel yet. It not only confirms Foer's stature as a dazzling literary talent but reveals a mature novelist who has fully come into his own as one of the most important writers of his generation. "--
Here I am : a novel
Active hope : how to face the mess we're in without going crazy
Building principles of equality in the Finnish temporary agency work sector  : How can the Finnish temporary agency work policies be developed to encourage fair and equal treatment of temporary agency employees?
Ishmael : an adventure of the mind and spirit : a novel
What are sociological problems
In catastrophic times : resisting the coming barbarism
Homelessness : the making and unmaking of a crisis
Imperfect transmissions of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneusrship
The chaos of stars
Driving heat
We are not ourselves : a novel
Social Exclusion of Young People in Finland
Critical incidents as a training tool for Finnish exchange students going to The United States
Challenges facing AIDS orphans in Nairobi Kibera slums : descriptive study
Crash course in dealing with difficult library customers
What the dog knows : scent, science, and the amazing ways dogs perceive the world
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Happy are the happy
Inequalities in the teaching profession : a global perspective
Summer at Tiffany's
Problem solving 101 : a simple book for smart people
Recovery
Social exclusion : rhetoric reality responses
