http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3398 police (organisations)
police (organisations)
Officer down
The politics of the police
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Paper towns
World police encyclopedia. Volume 2, L-Z, index
Hollywood crows : a novel
Understanding police culture
Police at work : policy issues and analysis
Police and the social order : contemporary research perspectives
The challenge of community policing : testing the promises
Crime fiction
On the exploration of mobile technology acceptance among law enforcement officers using structural equation modelling (SEM) : a multi-group analysis of the Finnish police force
The marriage charm
Police cooperation and performance : the greater St. Louis interlocal experience
Lush life
The city and the city
The lighter side of Sherlock Holmes : humorous artwork by Norman Schatell
The London of Sherlock Holmes
The hundred-year-old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared
A dangerous place : a Maisie Dobbs novel
The sword of justice
Case one : knock down
Remote. Volume 4 / [translation: Haruko Furukawa] ; [English adaptation: Aaron Sparrow]
Complaints against the police : a sociological view
Fighting crime
Sherlock Holmes : the sign of the four
Forces of order : policing modern Japan
Policing in a divided society : a study of part time policing in Northern Ireland
Policing. Vol. 2, Controlling the controllers : police discretion and accountability
Victim without a face
One shot
The Soviet police system
Magic in the blood
The overlook
Driving heat
Handled with discretion : ethical issues in police decision making
One man's miraculous escape from the terrifying confines of locked in syndrome
Behind God's back
An approach towards the integration of bus information systems in Vietnam: case study: Ho Chi Minh City Bus Information System project
The watcher
Policing police violence
Police and public order in Europe
Lye in wait : a home crafting mystery
Istoriâ rossijskogo formennogo kostûma : sovetskaâ miliciâ 1918-1991 = History of Russian uniform : Soviet police
The quickie
Remote. Volume 9 / [translation: Haruko Furukawa] ; [English adaptation: Aaron Sparrow]
Monday the rabbi took off
Dare to hold
Good people
Shadows before the sun
Police power and individual freedom : the quest for balance
Proactive police management
Remote. Volume 8 / [translation: Haruko Furukawa] ; [English adaptation: Aaron Sparrow]
Remote. Volume 10 / [translation: Haruko Furukawa]
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
Hooliganism in the shadow of the 9/11 terrorist attack and the tsunami : do police reduce group violence?
The Yiddish policemen's union : a novel
The New York police : colonial times to 1901
The hour of dust and ashes
Hollywood moon : a novel
The fugitive
Homicide : a year on the killing streets
What roles and missions for Europe's military and security forces in the 21st century?
The police in DRC are indeed a permanent domestic risk. The lack of policy, service or management regime for the acquisition of equipment explains the deficient, dilapidated, obsolete and very often inappropriate equipment. Moreover, police units have very weak operational capacity and police officers lack self-confidence and pride in their profession. These shabbily dressed men and women in faded uniforms daily develop an indifferent attitude towards their profession and work in general. Inefficient and ineffective, the Congolese policeforce is wholly demoralised and unprofessional. This has negatively affected the relationship between police and population. It has led to the withdrawal of people's cooperation, a must for successful police work and for meeting people's expectations.
Policing in the Victorian community : the formation of English provincial police forces, 1856-80
9tail fox
Sunday the rabbi stayed home
Policing. Vol. 1, Cops, crime and control : analysing the police function
The torso
The bat
Not in the flesh
Dare to surrender
Liberty Square : a Kate Delafield mystery
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
A cold and lonely place : a novel
The monogram murders : the new Hercule Poirot mystery
Deprivation of freedom and the police : an evaluation of the temporary custody act
The Christie curse
The black box
Chief constables : bobbies, bosses or bureaucrats?
Understanding police human relations
Wednesday the rabbi got wet
The portrayal of deafness in Elizabeth George's For the sake of Elena
Remote. Volume 3 / [translation: Haruko Furukawa] ; [English adaptation: Steve Buccellato]
Crazy on you
Don't look twice
Building a police force "for the good" in DR Congo : questions that still haunt reformers and reform beneficiaries
Core issues in policing
If snow hadn't fallen (a lacey flint short story)
The newcomer
Police (property) acti 1997 : 1997 chapter 30
Immigrant's relations with the police in Finland : a Lamarckism or a self-induced exercise?
A Day at the Police Station
Moriarty's police law : an arrangement of law and regulations for the use of police officies
The final fabergé
From a Buick 8
If looks could kill
The truth about the Harry Quebert affair
Thursday the rabbi walked out
An Interview with Cynthia Masters : from 'The Orchestra Murders'
The sheriff of Babylon. Volume 1, Bang, Bang, Bang
All involved : a novel
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
Remote. Volume 7 / [translation: Haruko Furukawa] ; [English adaptation: Aaron Sparrow]
Improving the operation of an emergency department by using a simulation model
World police encyclopedia. Volume 1, A-K, index
The managing of police organizations
Poison city
Fat Tuesday
Murder of a small-town honey : a Scumble River mystery
Statistics on offences and coercive measures
The better part of darkness
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
Policing and punishment in nineteenth century Britain
The story of Scotland Yard : a history of the C.I.D from the earliest times to the present day
Saturday the Rabbi went hungry
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
Principles of law enforcement
Precious dragon : a detective inspector Chen novel
The long Earth
Policing futures : the police, law enforcement and the twenty-first century
The burying place
Whose body?
Antiterrorist initiatives
Remote. Volume 6 / [translation: Haruko Furukawa] ; [English adaptation: Aaron Sparrow]
POLICE OF THE WORLD
Nate the Great and the musical note
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
Hooliganism and police tactics : should tear gas make crime preventers cry?
Typewriting identification (I.S.Q.T.) : identification system for questioned typewriting
Detective Inspector Huss
The police and the public
Police powers in England and Wales
Policing and democracy in the Netherlands
The manners and customs of the police
Police systems in the United States
The mane event
The darkest edge of dawn
Vanished
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Ghettoside : a true story of murder in America
Cassius : the true story of a courageous police dog
Police forces in history
Police administration and management
Behind the uniform : policing in Britain and America
The con men : hustling in New York City
Tuesday the rabbi saw red
The night sessions
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
Cops and bobbies : police authority in New York and London, 1830-1870
Police act 1997 : chapter 50.
Cold granite
Murder on wheels
Policing Scandinavia
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Policing change, changing police : international perspectives
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
Iron khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
The Sayers Swindle
The Cézanne Chase
Wolfhound century
Half a crown
Policing in six countries around the world : organizational perspectives : [Australia, Canada, Finland, Germany, India, New Zealand]
The glass devil
The blue religion : new stories about cops, criminals, and the chase
All involved
Leaving everything most loved : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Divergent regional economies in Europe : Helsinki and Baltic Sea metropolises in the network of European regions
International bibliography of selected police literature = Bibliographie international d'ouvrages choisis consacres à la police ..
Returned from the dead, an unexplained revival that has left her plagued by nightmares, cop and single mom Charlie Madigan must stop the distribution of an off-world drug called ash, while protecting her loved ones from a force more powerful than heaven and hell combined.
The investigation and prosecution of criminal offences in England and Wales : the law and procedure : presented to Parliament by command of Her Majesty January 1981.
Nate the Great and the Halloween hunt
Policing : the critical issues
Wool
Thornhill
The cold room
Undercover : police surveillance in America
The case of the missing servant : from the files of Vish Puri, India's 'Most Private Investigator'
Feral city
Coyote dreams
Police in Australia : development, functions and procedures
Animals in the police
Friday the rabbi slept late
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
Police psychology into the 21st century
Scared to live
Organisational aspects of police behaviour
Critical issues in policing : contemporary readings
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
The lost army of Cambyses
Police in urban America 1860-1920
Hooliganism in the shadow of the 9/11 terrorist attack and the tsunami : do police reduce group violence
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
Policing across the world : issues for the twenty-first century
The Andalucian friend
Nate the Great and the phony clue
Demon and the city : a detective inspector Chen novel
Willowgrove
Mr Plod's bossy day
Finch
Let the devil sleep
Offences known to the police
Suspect
Remote. Volume 5 / [translation: Haruko Furukawa] ; [English adaptation: Aaron Sparrow]
So he takes the dog
The seventh sacrament
Police operations
Communicating civic or historical pride? The city hall in Scandinavian capital cities
The accused
The witness
