http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3400 Gobiidae
Gobiidae gobies
The round goby : Neogobius melanostomus (Pallas) : a review of European and North American literature
Increasing costs affect choosiness in the sand goby
Finnish Music Quarterly 1994:3
Effects of 17α-ethinyl estradiol on the mating system of the sand goby (Pomatoschistus minutus)
Habitat use in larval and juvenile fish : effects of developmental stage, predator types and multiple predators
Context-dependent mate choice in the sand goby, Pomatoschistus minutus
"Among all vertebrates, gobies are second in diversity only to the teleost family Cyprinidae. The Gobiidae consists of more than 200 genera and nearly 2,000 species and make up the largest family of marine fishes. Gobies account for as much as 50% of the energy flow in coral reef communities. Their small size, ability to adapt to numerous ecological niches and to be bred in aquaria has led to numerous studies both in the field and laboratory. Gobies are found from above the high tide line to depths of over 1,100 m. Some species are found only within caves, others deep inside sponges, and some others climb waterfalls to return to their native streams. They vary reproductively from gonochoric to hermaphrodite, monogamy to polygyny and promiscuity, some have short life spans and reproduce only once while others have longer life spans reproducing one or more times per year. The Biology of Gobies written by over 30 experts from 15 countries summarizes what is known about the systematics, ecology, zoogeography, and general biology of the Gobiiformes. This foundation will provide the basic information necessary for future studies"--Provided by publisher.
Distribution of Pomatoschistus minutus and P. microps (Gobiidae, Pisces) in the Bothnian Sea : importance of salinity and temperature
Factors affecting the reproductive success of male sand gobies, Pomatoschistus minutus
Egg presence, egg loss, and female mate preferences in the sand goby (Pomatoschistus minutus)
Expected future reproductive success and parental behaviour in the sand goby, Potamoschistus minutus (Pisces, Gobiidae)
Sexual selection and the influence of environmental factors on operational sex ratios in the sand goby
Female mating decisions and male parental care under different social contexts in common gobies
Mechanisms of sexual selection in the sand goby, Pomatoschistus minutus
The biology of gobies
The environmental potential for polygyny and sexual selection in the sand goby, Pomatoschistus minutus
