http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3402 motifs
motifs motives
Acquisition target selection of a serial acquirer : case KONE Oyj
Remembering Parthenope : The reception of Classical Naples from Antiquity to the present
Elk, the fast footed : tThiro international moose symposium
Celtic designs and motifs
The global code : how a new culture of universal values is reshaping business and marketing
What motivates students to travel abroad?
Foreign acquisition entry strategies and performance of Finnish multinationals : the role of entry motives, institutions and host country capabilities
Invisible planets : collected fiction
Enigmatic bliss : the paradise motif in literature
Toni Morrison and the classical tradition : transforming American culture
Krishna in the traditional painting of Bengal
The dynamics of creation
Art nouveau motifs and vignettes
Aspects of Australia in contemporary literature
Tourism as experience tourists as consumers : insight and enlightenment
Handicraft designs of Kinnaur District (Himachal Pradesh)
The miniaturist
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Volume 7, Index of cultural keywords
Instructions for a Heatwave
The portrayal of the maturation process of girl figures in selected tales of the Borthers Grimm
The justice motive in social behavior : adapting to times of scarcity and change
Ready to use : Banners
Understanding ourselves : why we do what we do
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 5, Romances of antiquity
Bodylines : the human figure in art
Mozart & Beethoven : the concept of love in their operas
Folkloric motifs in some Vedic tales
Explanations, motives and psychological flexibility associated in weight control among Finnish obese persons
Legends of trolls and the Bible
Besides, war and famine, the major attraction on television is ironically space travel, particularly involving professional travellers to space. Recently, the number of non - professional space travellers has seemingly increased.  However, though space travel is new, the professional space travel industry does not fully appreciate the impact it could have on tourism. The international tourism industry is also one of the largest and fastest growing industries in the world. As tourism gets saturated on the earth, tourists might have to find new trends. Technology has clearly helped in enhancing the choices of travel that tourists can have.     Because of the nature, of the professional space travel industry, this research was mainly inspired by the 2005 events of Virgin Galactic. Thus, the main objective of the research was to understand the pull factors of space tourism travel, based on the views of professional travellers, as well as the space travel industry players. Consequently, because tourism is a multifaceted industry, the research integrated corresponding tourism literature with space travel.  A theoretical pull factor model is implemented with reference from tourism related literature so as to demonstrate and understand the views that are perceived by the professional space travellers.       This research is conducted qualitatively.  Moreover, the World Wide Web, based on the electronic mailing system is employed.  Since the emphasis is to understand the world from the perspectives of the participants, the qualitative nature of electronic mailing system is resoundingly the most efficient tool for the purposes of this research.       The data was gathered based on the correspondence with Virgin Galactic, Space Adventures, Futron Corporation, Scientist A and Scientist B from NASA. Their, views were eventually integrated in relation to the grounded theory method of data analysis, as well as the matrix tabulation. Unfortunately, the most active participants of non-professional space travel (Rosaviakosmos) were clearly not interested in the research.    Suggestions for further studies are created by proposing a further research involving non- professional space travellers like Dennis Tito. The answers to the research questions are also addressed in the conclusions which are a created inspired by the interviews and results from data analysis. Conclusions are drawn to reveal the true nature of the space travel industry.
Girl in hyacinth blue
Picturesque : pictorial motifs of classic flowers, plants, herbs & fruits
The Jackal's share
Animals, gods and men from East to West : papers on archaeology and history in honour of Roberta Venco Ricciardi
The new subjectivism : art in the 1980s
Echoes of Egypt in 12th-century Bologna and 13th-century Rome
Celtic art in Pagan and Christian times
This exciting collection of essays explores the complex area of madness and performance. The book spans from the 18th century to the present and unearths the overlooked history of theatre and performance in, and about, psychiatric asylums and hospitals. The book will appeal to historians, social scientists, theatre scholars, and artists alike.
Examining the performance of corporate acquisition : based on the motive for the acquisition
Post-transaction brand and model line-up integration in the automotive industry : case studies of European companies as target of acquisitions by Chinese and Indian multinational corporations
A grammar of motives
Status que and prospect of Chinese language in Finland
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 1, Animal tales, tales of magic, religious tales, and realistic tales, with an introduction
Motives for the choice of the teaching profession correlated with success in the entrance examination and in student teaching
Index of Spanish folktales
Motivation Factors in Dark Tourism : case: House of Terror
Scripta historica. 2
The catalogue of folklore and mythology contains ca. 50,000 abstracts of oral texts from all over the  world. The distribution of  2,000 cosmological and etiological motifs, adventure and trickster episodes is systematically checked across almost 1,000 traditions. The database was developed as a tool for the research of prehistoric migrations and cultural interactions. The present article introduces and illustrates its potential for research..
"Handjeris and Lioyenneti" and child 76 and 110 : a study in similarities
Beyond Oedipus : the brother sister syndrome as depicted by tale type 872 : a cognitive behavioristic, demographically oriented, text analysis of an Arab oikotype
The stranger's child
Stile floreale : the cult of nature in Italian design
"Handjeris and Lioyenneti" and Child 76 and 110 : a study in similarities
Imago hominis : studies in the language of art
Motives for takeovers : an empirical investigation from Finland
"Explanations of motives in political participation directed at value change"
Who turns to entrepreneurship later in life? - Push and pull in Finnish rural and urban areas
Egyptian designs
Trip motivations among water-based recreationists
Wine and coins in ancient Greece : there is profit and pleasure in the consumption wine
The political animal : an anatomy
Snow country
Art Nouveau motifs and vignettes
Mirror mirror : self-portraits by women artists
The successor : a novel
Authentic designs from the american arts and grafts movement : Selected from Keramic Studio
Performance, madness and psychiatry : isolated acts
Children born from eggs : African magic tales : texts and discussions
The forgotten garden
The economy of literature
Symbolic and decorative motifs of Korean silk : 1875-1975
The knotted subject : hysteria and its discontents
The best practices in the formation phase of Sino-Finnish joint ventures in China : for Finnish software companies
Envisioning experience in late antiquity and the Middle Ages : dynamic patterns in texts and images
Otoko gurafikkusu = Tough-style graphics
Types of thematic structure : the nature and function of motifs in Gide, Camus, and Sartre
The second journey : travelling in literary footsteps
Conscience and the composition of Piers Plowman
The lion in Romanesque art, meaning or decoration?
Missing person
Travels in the scriptorium
The pull factors of space tourism travel
Rhetoric, nature and magic in Byzantine art
Political violence and terror : motifs and motivations
AFS Intercultural Programs : volunteers' motivation and activities in the local chapter Jyväskylä
By showing how Langland transformed Conscience as he composed the A, B and C texts of Piers Plowman, Sarah Wood offers a new approach to reading the serial versions of the poem. While the three versions have customarily been read in parallel-text formats, she demonstrates that Langland's revisions are newly comprehensible if read in sequence.
Low carbon actions in households : assessing the behavior of households in a suburb in Helsinki
The motives of Chinese foreign investments in the Baltic Sea Region
Recreational sport participation of women in Jyväskylä : constraints and motives related with women's physical activity
Punctuation : art, politics, and play
Customs and manners in Korea
Types of thematic structure : The nature a. function of motifs in Gide, Camus, a. Sartre
Motivation : theories and principles
Pictorial archive of decorative frames and labels : 550 copyright - free designs
The book of laughter and forgetting
The goose in Indian literature and art
Survey report on handicrafts of Kinnaur District (Himachal Pradesh)
1001 flora motifs and ornaments for artists and graftspeople
Powers of death : church-väki in the Finnish folk belief tradition
Motives for overseas missions : the good, the bad and the ugly
Compositional practice and analytic technique in Schoenberg's atonal works : reconciling approaches to sets, lines and developing variation
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 3, Miscellaneous romances ; Oriental romances ; Chansons de geste
The return of thematic criticism
Indian folklore. 2, [Papers presented at the Indo-American Seminar on Indian Folklore, Mysore (India) - August 1980]
Motifs and folktales : a new statistical approach
Nasal motifs in Maya iconography
The mythmaker : a study of motif and symbol in the short stories of Jorge Luis Borges
Animals in Indian sculpture
Themes & motifs in Western literature : a handbook
Memento Metropolis : bilaga till utställningskatalogen = supplement to the catalogue
Motivations behind the philanthropic actions of corporations : a study of business students' perceptions
The movie list book : a reference guide to film themes, settings, and series
Drawing jewels for fashion
The Jewish story finder : a guide to 668 tales listing subjects and sources
Folklore and mythology catalogue : its lay-out and potential for research
The forgotten waltz
Short trip to the Vikings : travel motives of German short trip tourists within the German-Norwegian ferry traffic
Studies in iconology : humanistic themes in the art of the Renaissance
Japan patterns : 500 motifs from kimono designs : graphic, floral, geometric
Varieties of literary thematics
Ballad research : the stranger in ballad narrative and other topics : proceedings of the Fifteenth International Conference of the Kommission für Volksdichtung of the Sociéte Internationale d'Ethnologie et de Folklore, Dublin and co. Clare, Ireland, 26 August - 1 September 1985
"Surface" and "depth" in human personality : relations between explicit and implicit motives
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 4, Heroic epic : Maere and novellas
The altogether unexpected disappearance of Atticus Craftsman
Ready to use : Illustrations of toys, dolls and games
Ready to use : Old-fashioned transportation cuts
Contemporary Celtic motifs
Johnny English
The truth about the Harry Quebert affair
The philosophy of artificial intelligence
Children and their world : A treasury of vintage cuts and illustrations
The social media phenomenon is the latest trend today. During the past couple of years, e-mailing and text messaging have given way somewhat to networking on the Internet. Social networking sites, such as MySpace and Facebook, have become particularly popular. Everyone seems to be a part of some Internet community; it seems that nobody wants to be left out.     Lately, the press has reported of a couple of negative incidents where, for example, people have been fired for reasons relating to Facebook use. In worst case scenarios, public status updates have even led to homicides. Networks, which were originally created to maintain relationships, have become surprisingly important in many people's lives. The purpose of this research was to find out what motivates young women to use Facebook and how big of a role it plays in their lives. The research also discusses the world of social media in general. The research group consists of 20- to 35-year-old Finnish women, all registered users of Facebook. To collect the data for this thesis, a quantitative method was used and a structured questionnaire was made, which was sent to the respondents electronically with the Webropol program. The results were tabulated on Microsoft Excel. As a result of the answers submitted to the questionnaire, it can be stated that young women enjoy being on Facebook, mostly to maintain friendships, but also to follow other people's lives. Facebook is not a deadly serious matter, but many have admitted a slight addiction and say that they log in everyday.
Literature and war : reflections and refractions : papers of the 1984 Monterey Institute of International Studies Symposium on Comparative Literature and International Studies
Thematic guide to world mythology
This exciting collection of interdisciplinary essays explores the complex area of madness and performance. The book spans from the 18th century to the present and unearths the overlooked history of theatre and performance in, and about, psychiatric asylums and hospitals. Performance, Madness and Psychiatry will appeal to historians, social scientists, theatre scholars, and artists alike. It features interviews, archival research, and academic analysis of this rich and diverse area of theatrical and psychiatric history. The book departs from a set of questions regarding the role and nature of theatre both within asylums and hospitals as well as beyond these spaces. The authors pause over questions of environment, architecture, politics, language, performance and power and try to illuminate the interrelations between madness and theatre in a number of periods and health contexts. This eclectic volume attempts to examine some varied voices that collectively challenge the dominant orthodoxies of psychiatry. In this sense the book argues that madness matters.
Introduction to travel and tourism : an international approach
Factors affecting customer's buying behaviour at Uniq Clothing
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 2, Matière de Bretagne : Lancelot 3 - Wolfram von Eschenbach, Titurel
Catalogue of the Khoisan folktales of Southern Africa
Multileveled motivic repetition in selected intermezzi for piano of Johannes Brahms
The type and motif index of Finnish belief legends and memorates
Statistical methods for studying mythology : : three peer reviewed papers and a short history of the dragon motif / Julien d'Huy
Tianma : Zhongguo yishu yu wenming de suoying = Celestial horses : the apogee of Chinese art and civilisation
Ancient tales of Kamchatka
Interpersonal motives and the regulation of interaction
"I am on Facebook, therefore I am" : a study of young women's motives for using Facebook
This edited collection focuses on how the ancient past of the city of Naples has been invented, shaped, transmitted, and received in literature, art, and material culture since the time of the city's foundation. Adopting a chronological approach, chapters examine important moments in Naples' reception history from the Roman period (when the city was already several centuries old) to the present day. Among the topics covered are representations of the city's early history and mythology in texts and temples of the Roman period; later uses of Roman spolia (marble sculptures and architectural elements) in Christian churches; the importance of antiquity to the rulers of the Angevin and Swabian periods; the appropriation of the city's classical heritage by Renaissance humanists; the image of the 'local' poets Virgil and Statius in later eras; humanist images of the ancient aqueducts and catacombs that ran beneath the city; representations of classical monuments in early modern city guides; images of ancient ruins in contemporary Catholic nativity scenes; and the archaeology and philosophy of the city's Metro system. Featuring contributions from an interdisciplinary range of scholars, this comprehensive volume provides a highly accessible point of entry into the vast bibliography on ancient Naples.
Ballads and other genres = Balladen und andere Gattungen
The hidden God : a study of tragic vision in the Pensées of Pascal and the tragedies of Racine
Living names, naming lives : on the naming practices of Germans living in Finland - a socio-onomastic study
Reading drawings : an introduction to looking at drawings
Thematics : new approaches
Manifold motives of volunteerism : a study on the motives of the people inspired to volunteer by a Salvation Army advertisement
Murillo : scenes of childhood
The Japanese psyche : major motifs in the fairy tales of Japan
The margin speaks : a study of Margaret Laurence and Robert Kroetsch from a post-colonial point of view
Children into swans : fairy tales and the pagan imagination
Micromotives and macrobehavior
The power of water
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 6, Index
Himmler's cook
Traditional Chinese designs
The Dæmon in the wood : a study of oral narrative patterns
Motif-index of folk-literature : a classification of narrative elements in folk-tales, ballads, myths, fables, mediæval romances, exempla, fabliaux, jest-books, and local legends
