http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3405 themes
themes
Oriental designs : [a source book for craftspeople and artists plus a gallery of inspirational finished pieces]
Otoko gurafikkusu = Tough-style graphics
Varieties of literary thematics
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 2, Matière de Bretagne : Lancelot 3 - Wolfram von Eschenbach, Titurel
The french cantata : a survey and thematic catalog
Thematics : new approaches
A DICTIONARY OF MUSICAL THEMES
The musicians' gig library : music for all occasions. Nostalgic love songs
Wellbeing tourism in Finland : a wide perspective
The Japanese psyche : major motifs in the fairy tales of Japan
Contemporary western design : high-style furniture & interiors
The other East and nineteenth-century British literature : imagining Poland and the Russian Empire
The themed space : locating culture, nation, and self
The Christmas bumper book for buskers
The presentation of death in Tolstoy's prose
Tourism Criminality, Case: Thailand
Why fiction? : on the relationship between literature and the traumas of Finnish history
The classical fake book : over 600 classical themes and melodies in their original keys
Making the best of a merger : a case study of Product Data Management Application Development Team
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 6, Index
The modernist masquerade : stylizing life, literature, and costumes in Russia
Views of the Inuvialuit on sustainable development in the Mackenzie Gas Project in the Inuvialuit Settlement Region, Northwest Territories, Canada
Writing the Yugoslav wars : literature, postmodernism, and the ethics of representation
The new Christmas tree : 25 dazzling trees and over 100 handcrafted projects for an inspired holiday
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 4, Heroic epic : Maere and novellas
Wonderlands of the avant-garde : technology and the arts in Russia of the 1920s
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 3, Miscellaneous romances ; Oriental romances ; Chansons de geste
Handel : chronological thematic catalogue
A to zoo : subject access to children's picture books
Der Holocaust in den mitteleuropäischen Literaturen und Kulturen seit 1989 = The holocaust in the Central European literatures and cultures since 1989
Project approach : making curriculum come alive : Book One
Two former predator drone operators face insurgency and insanity on the Las Vegas Strip in the surreal surroundings of the world's first terrorism-themed hotel!
The musicians' gig library : music for all occasions. Praisesongs, spirituals & hymns
The new subjectivism : art in the 1980s
Branding and Visual Identity for a Music-Themed Cafe
Everything Alice
The Musicians' gig library : Music for all occasions : Christmas songs
The power of love and guilt : representations of the mother and woman in the literature of Ivan Cankar
Dostoevsky and the affirmation of life
The phantom Holocaust : Soviet cinema and Jewish catastrophe
The Hal Leonard real jazz book : Bb edition : over 500 songs
Choosing target markets for innovative new technology  : Case: Biogas Company
Thematics : interdisciplinary studies
The idiot's guide to classical music
Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia : experiences of clinical tutors
Between heaven and hell : the myth of Siberia in Russian culture
Picturesque : pictorial motifs of classic flowers, plants, herbs & fruits
The Musicians' gig library : Music for all occasions : Jazz, swing & big band
The greatest movies ever : the ultimate ranked list of the 101 best films of all time!
Anti-portraits : poetics of the face in modern English, Polish and Russian literature, 1835-1965
Mozart & Beethoven : the concept of love in their operas
A devil's vaudeville : the demonic in Dostoevsky's major fiction
Thinking About Art: A Thematic Guide to Art History
Sexual personae : art and decadence from Nefertiti to Emily Dickinson
Digital painting tricks & techniques : 100 ways to improve your cg art
The ultimate Christmas fake book
Weddings in the Wonderworld of Ice : Designing a wedding package for ICIUM Ice Park
The real book of blues
250 all-time hits. Book 4
Project approach : managing successful projects (Book 2)
A to zoo : subject access to children's picture books. Supplement to the 8th edition
The enemy on trial : early Soviet courts on stage and screen
Thematic catalogues in music : an annotated bibliography
Envisioning experience in late antiquity and the Middle Ages : dynamic patterns in texts and images
Moralische Fantasien : aktuelle Positionen zeitgenössischer Kunst in Zusammenhang mit der Klimaerwärmung = Moral imagination current positions in contemporary art in the face of global warming
Children's literature : a very short introduction
Dialogic methodology and the dialogic space created after an interview
The X-themes
Toxic voices : the villain from early Soviet literature to Socialist realism
The Musicians' gig library : Music for all occasions : International favorites
THE USE OF REVENUE MANAGMENT IN HOTEL ACCOMMODATION INDUSTRY IN EASTERN FINLAND
A dictionary of opera and song themes : including cantatas, oratorios, lieder, and art songs
The real book of great songs
Digital painting : tricks & techniques : 100 ways to improve your cg art
The word it book : Speak Up presents a gallery of interpreted words
"Through chapters dedicated to specific writers and texts, Writings of Persuasion and Dissonance in the Great War is a collection of essays examining literary responses to the Great War, particularly the confrontation of two distinct languages. One of these reflects nineteenth-century ideals of war as a noble sacrifice; the other portrays the hopeless, brutal reality of the trenches. The ultimate aim of this volume is to convey and reinforce the notion that no explicit literary language can ever be regarded as the definitive language of the Great War, nor can it ever hope to represent this conflict in its entirety. The collection also uncovers how memory constantly develops, triggering distinct and even contradictory responses from those involved in the complex process of remembering. Contributors: Donna Coates, Brian Dillon, Monique Dumontet, Dorothea Flothow, Elizabeth Galway, Laurie Kaplan, Sara Martín Alegre, Silvia Mergenthal, Andrew Monnickendam, David Owen, Andrew Palmer, Bill Phillips, Cristina Pividori, Esther Pujolrás-Noguer, Richard Smith"--Provided by publisher.
Humanitarian issues on Facebook
Mires on the map of Russia
Figures in the snow
A thematic catalogue of Gustav Holst's music
The article looks at the development of cartographic representations of Finland from a social constructionist perspective. The image of Finland, as portrayed on maps, has contributed significantly to the Finnish nation-building process. As a medium for the dissemination of information, maps have enabled the broad popularisation of the idea of Finland as a unified territory and nation. Maps have also helped to build the sense of Finnishness by representing the country in exclusively Finnish terms, e.g., with Finnish place names. Finally, maps build the sense of a continuous national history by situating political and cultural events and portraying these in a timeless manner. In all, maps are powerful representations that should be assessed as agents of change rather than passive objects.
The musicians' gig library : Music for all occasions. Jazz, swing & big band
Ukrainian nationalism : politics, ideology, and literature, 1929-1956
The last days of Pompeii : decadence, apocalypse, resurrection
Classic rock fake book : over 250 great songs of the rock era arranged for piano, vocal, guitar, electronic keyboard and all "C" instruments
The writing of the disaster
250 all-time hits. Book 3
Themes & motifs in Western literature : a handbook
How the Hospitality Management Degree in Vaasa University of Applied Sciences Corresponds to Working Life
Sienkiewicz's bodies : studies of gender and violence
Challenge and continuity : aspects of the thematic novel, 1830-1950
Modernism and the ordinary
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
Historicising Beckett : issues of performance = Beckett dans l'histoire : en jouant Beckett
Concerto themes
A Dictionary of opera and song themes : including cantatas, oratorios, lieder and art songs
The intellectual as hero in 1990s Ukrainian fiction
More graphic simplicity : cool natural sweet colorful modern
"A toast to death, yourself, your brittle glass..." : the death theme in Finnish art
Miłosz and the problem of evil
Three Russians consider America : America in the works of Maksim Gorkij, Aleksandr Blok, and Vladimir Majakovskij
The Musicians' gig library : Music for all occasions : Movie & TV hits
The return of thematic criticism
More TV themes
Writings of persuasion and dissonance in the Great War : that better whiles may follow worse
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
A nation astray : nomadism and national identity in Russian literature
The real little best fake book ever : over 1000 songs for keyboard, vocal, guitar, and all "c" instruments
Environmental philosophy : critical concepts in the environment. Vol. 4, Issues and applications
First films of the Holocaust : Soviet cinema and the genocide of the Jews, 1938-1946
Creating customer commitment through customer loyalty program : case: Company X
Polish-Jewish literature in the interwar years
As time goes by : and other classic movie love songs
250 all-time hits
Communicating about organizational transformations in an Online Learning Community : Case Study at Lapland UAS
The represetation of the Shoah in literature and film in Central Europe : the post-war period = Die Darstellung der Shoah in Literatur und Film in Mitteleuropa : die ersten Nachkriegsjahre = Reprezentacje Shoah w literaturze i filmie w Europie Środkowej : lata powojenne
The world's greatest fakebook : "C" edition : for piano, vocal, guitar, electronic keyboard and all "C" instruments
Chasing the bird : functional harmony in Charlie Parker's bebop themes
Party! : how to organise a brilliant bash : the essential guide
Saxophone : one hundred classical themes
Image vs. Reality in a Receptionist's Job
Serbia in the works of foreign authors : poems, plays, short stories, excerpts from novels, epistles, war reports, essays, travel accounts
It's back and it's bigger than ever, full of everything a children's librarian needs for reader's advisory and collection building. Provides thorough subject access to children's picture books, covering more than 13,000 titles.
Responding to loss : Heideggerian reflections on literature, architecture, and film
The variation
Enigmatic bliss : the paradise motif in literature
Russian national myth in transition
The thematic process in music
Kings and ascetics in Indian classical literature : international seminar 21 -22 September : proceedings
A dictionary of musical themes
Vintage wedding style : more than 25 simple projects and endless inspiration for designing your big day
New novels in African literature today : a review
Crack wars : literature addiction mania
The nineteenth-century novel : realisms
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Volume 7, Index of cultural keywords
Effects of positioning aids on understanding the relationship between a mobile map and the environment
Three Turk plays from early modern England : Selimus, A Christian turned Turk and The renegado
Betty Crocker birthdays
Motif-index of German secular narratives from the beginning to 1400.. Vol. 5, Romances of antiquity
Great classical themes : 100 piano solos
The real book of jazz
Bilingual thematic dictionaries
Great tours! : thematic tours and guide training for historic sites
Contested interpretations of the past in Polish, Russian, and Ukrainian film : screen as battlefield
Alfonso X and the Cantigas de Santa Maria : a poetic biography
Tasks and masks : themes and styles of African literature
The story of film
Individuation in fairy tales
Mapping the historical sense of Finland
Theatre and incarnation
Jewishness in Russian culture : within and without
Tolkien on fairy-stories
Discussions on intimate partner violence and electrodermal activity in couple therapy
The great age of sail : treasures of maritime art from the National Maritime Museum Greenwich
The musicians' gig library : music for all occasions. International favorites
A dictionary of vocal themes
The musicians' gig library : music for all occasions. Movie & TV hits
Galicia, Bukovina and other borderlands in Eastern and Central Europe : essays on interethnic contacts and multiculturalism
Febris erotica : lovesickness in the Russian literary imagination
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
1001 All-Time Hit Songs
Mars and the muse : attitudes to war and peace in 20th century English literature
250 all-time hits. Book 2
Half yard Christmas : easy sewing projects using left-over pieces of fabric
Roth unbound : a writer and his books
The philosophy of Martin Scorsese
The Qurʼan : an introduction
