http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3419 vibraphone
vibraphone
Repertoire for music schools : vibraphone/marimba
Juice
Jivin' the vibes
Modern school for xylophone, marimba, vibraphone : with the additions of excerpts for these instruments from renowned orchestral works
Modern times
Modern school for xylophone marimba, vibraphone
Beginning exercises and studies for two mallets
Velocity warm-ups : 92 improvisational patterns for jazz vibraphone and marimba
Gardner modern method : for the instruments of percussion. Part 2, bells, xylophone, vibraphone, marimba, chimes
Mallet Percussion for Young Beginners : A Peripheral Vision Primer
Mambo with Tjader
Fundamental method for mallets. Book 2
Joe Pass chord solos : for guitar, vibes, and piano
The Lionel Hampton story
Voices of nature
Wizard of the vibes
Gary Burton & Keith Jarrett
Primary handbook for mallets
Midnight sun
The jazz vibraphone book : etudes in the style of the masters
Intermediate method : marimba, xylophone or vibes, a follow up course for individual or like-instrument class instruction
Introduction to jazz vibes
Sound of jazz
In concert, Zürich, October 28, 1979
MJQ & friends : a 40th anniversary celebration
A musical approach to four mallet technique for vibraphone. Volume 1.
Schlagzeugmusik : für Anfänger = Percussion music for beginners
Vibraphone technique : for Mallet chord voicing
Fundamentals of mallet playing : the ideal method book for beginning mallet players
Come away : for soprano & vibrafone
For vibists only! : a basic method for vibraphone
Modern school for xylophone marimba vibraphone : with the additions of excerpts for these instruments from renowned orchestral works
Solos for the vibraphone player
Mystic voyage
Berklee practice method : get your band together. Vibraphone
A fresh approach to mallet percussion
Vibraphone virtuosity. 1 : multi-stylistic 2 and 4 Mallet studies for solo vibraphone
Of the wind's eye
Modern method for four mallets : a progressive lesson plan that combines technique, theory and harmony for vibes, xylophone and marimba
Developing the school jazz ensemble : [vibes]
Mallet student. Level three, advanced intermediate
Yesterday universe : Prepare for a new yesterday (volume one)
Hamp : an autobiography
Lots of love
No money no music
Chick Corea & Gary Burton : Jazz : recorded live at the Munich Philharmonie, 1997.
Techniques in percussion : for drum, tympani, & mallet percussion including an accompaniment book
Fundamental method for mallets. Book 1
The grand unification theory
Generations
Schlaginstrumente = Percussion instruments : ein Schulwerk = a method of instruction. Teil 4, Glockenspiel, Xylophon, Vibraphon, Marimbaphon, Röhrenglocken = Glockenspiel, xylophone, vibraphone, marimbaphone, tubular bells
The Beatles for vibraphone
A tear to a smile
Live at Montreux 2002
Live at Ronnie Scott's
The New Lionel Hampton Vibraphone Method
Tunes for mallet percussion technic. Level one, elementary
Orchester-Probespiel : Sammlung wichtiger Passagen aus der Opern- und Konzertliteratur = Test pieces for orchestral auditions = excerpts from the operatic and concert repertoire. Timpani/Percussion
Everybody loves the sunshine
Lionel Hampton : jazz legend : king of the vibes
15 intermediate jazz duets : C edition for flute, guitar, violin, vibraphone, piano
Mallet student. Level two, intermediate
Four classic albums
Mallet percussion for young beginners : (a peripheral vision primer)
Sa va bella : (for lady legends)
Live at the Philharmonie
Collection
Mallet control : for the xylophone (marimba, biraphone, vibraharp)
Berklee practice method : vibrafone
Jazz ensemble method for group or individual instruction : Vibes & auxiliary percussion
Learn as you play tuned percussion & timpani
Mel Bay presents The Terry Gibbs method : vibes, xylophone and marimba
The best Christmas songbook ever
The Terry Gibbs method : vibes, xylophone and marimba
Reverence and compassion
