http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3422 disasters
disasters accidents (disasters)
Health and society. : a report from the research survey "Changing health conditions and individual health". 1. Accidents and violent death
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
The reptile room
Lonely Planet unpacked : travel disaster stories
The shade of the moon
On the political possibilities of therapy news : media responsibility and the limits of objectivity in disaster coverage
Before the fall
The forgiven
The House of Secrets
Secrets of Paris : a novel
Cost Calculation model for work related accidents
Chernobyl prayer : a chronicle of the future
We only saw happiness
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
The longest ride
Coping with catastrophe : a handbook of disaster management
Images as proof : photographic portrayal of catastrophes in Helsingin Sanomat, 1969-1979
Diary of the fall
Found
The rime of the modern mariner
Baltic Sea Maritime Safety Programme
Some uses of accident data in maritime occupational safety
The blasphemer
Whiplash injuries in Finland : incidence, prognosis and predictive factors for the long-term outcome
Disasters in the air
TRAP-MELT3 calculations on an intermediate LOCA at the Loviisa nuclear power plant
Views on future maritime occupational accident statistics
The Dare
Studies of potential severe accidents in Finnish nuclear power plants
A sunday horse
Tall Buildings : Structural Systems and Aerodynamic Form
Watership Down
Redemption song
The island of monsters
Accident probabilities in selected areas of the Gulf of Finland
Thanks for the memories
Where the dead pause, and the Japanese say goodbye : a journey
Amy & Roger's epic detour
Contrasting tree-ring data with fire record in a pine-dominated landscape in the Komi Republic (Eastern European Russia) : recovering a common climate signal
Developing disaster preparedness education via broadcast media and community involvement
In the idyllic ski resort of Breckenridge, there's trouble in paradise for Sarah St John. Her twenty-two year old son, Cully, has been killed in an avalanche, and she is trying to pick up the pieces of her life. Sarah is single, but, much as she'd like to be, not being left alone in her grief. Her father, a retiree who has become addicted to QVC, is ever-present, having moved into her basement. Her best friend, a divorcee who always manages to say the wrong thing, has become something of a macabre life-coach. And then there's Cully's father, whose sudden reemergence in Sarah's life stirs a cauldron of emotions. Just as Sarah is ready to face the world, a girl called Kit appears on her doorstep. And she's got a secret that will change all their lives forever.
The world's worst aircraft
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet : tilastollinen tutkimus v. 1962 : lisänä eräät tilastot vuodesta 1942 alkaen : with some additional statistics starting from the year 1942 = Road traffic accidents in Finland
The media and disasters : PAN AM 103
Flight to heaven : a pilot's true story : a plane crash, a lone survivor, a journey to heaven and - back
Aviation disasters : the world's major civil airliner crashes since 1950
Intercultural crisis communication during the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster
The accident
Aircraft accident report : Embraer 110 Bandeirante, OH-EBA, in the vicinity of Ilmajoki Airport, Finland, November 14, 1988 : abridged version
The midnight palace
What Alice forgot
Little black lies
The boy who drew monsters : a novel
Serious accidents and human factors : breaking the chain of events leading to an accident : lessons learned from the aviation industry
The Pilot's wife
Strategy generator in computerized accident management support system
Where monsters dwell : The phantom eagle flies the savage skies
Annie Harlow seems to have it all, a handsome husband and their fabulous life in Manhattan. But all of that is snatched away when she is involved is a life-changing accident. Awakening from a coma a year later, Annie finds that the life she knew has crumbled away. In the throes of grief, Annie grasps her new reality - she has to start over from scratch, which means heading home to the family farm. Annie couldn't wait to escape the small town where she grew up, but now she finds herself warming to the close-knit community and its homespun values. There's also a face from the distant past - Donovan Lynch - and all the reasons she's never quite forgotten him come flooding back. Annie expects to pull herself together and return to the city, but fate has other plans and she's about to discover why there really is no place like home...
The dead & the gone
Time was
These Broken Stars
From the building of the ship to recovering object's from Titanic's watery grave, the fascinating story of Titanic is explored in detail. The largest ocean liner of her time, Titanic was hailed as the ultimate in luxury travel, with grand dining halls and the latest technology, including an onboard telephone system. She set off on her maiden voyage on 10 April 1912 with more than 2,000 people on board. Just four days later, the ship struck an iceberg off the coast of Canada, and the unthinkable happened: Titanic sank. Find out what caused more than 1,000 people to drown and why the ship was so woefully ill-equipped for such a disaster. Through eyewitness accounts and from evidence found in the wreck, Titanic's fateful voyage has been meticulously pieced together to tell a riveting story of ambition, arrogance and folly. Ages 7+
The wide window
Tieliikenneonnettomuudet. 2000 = Road traffic accidents. 2000
The loner
Antoine meets Natalie, the woman of his dreams. They have two children and Antoine thrives in his work for an insurance company, investigating claims to reduce his firm's pay-outs. But soon Natalie drifts away from him, beginning an affair, and Antoine loses his job when he lets his heart overrule his head.
Too close to the edge
Aviation disasters : the world's major civil airliner crashes sinde 1950
New York City passenger manifests of SS Titanic survivors rescued by the SS Carpathia
Walk two moons
The midnight watch
If I stay
The nobody
The effect of airborne hygroscopic matter on aerosol behavior in severe nuclear power plant accidents
A change in altitude
The impact of the Eyjafjallajökull-eruption on the inbound tourism in Iceland
Disaster management in archives, libraries and museums
Solomon Creed. Book one
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Crash
The culture of calamity : disaster and the making of modern America
The architect's apprentice
The hunger games
The strange last voyage of Donald Crowhurst
Black flags and windmills : hope, anarchy, and the Common Ground Collective
Pre-test analysis of the 4th IAEA standard problem exercise (secondary side "bleed & feed") with RELAP5/MOD3.1
Denali's Howl : :the deadliest climbing disaster on America's wildest peak
Evaluation of severe accidents in Finnish nuclear power plants
Coolability of porous core debris beds : effects of bed geometry and multidimensional flooding
Crises in the tourism industry and their effects on young travellers
Tieliikenneonnettomuudet = Road traffic accidents. 1999.
The naked pilot : the human factor in aircraft accidents
Aviation Accidents – The Effect on  Travelling Choices
The accident : a novel
The long run : New York City firefighter's triumphant comeback from crash victim to elite athlete
Last man off : a true story of disaster and survival on the Antarctic seas
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan. 4
In the unlikely event
Human error in aviation
Molten core : concrete interactions in nuclear accidents : theory and design of an experimental facility
Beyond the reach
Family tree
Individuals' interest in preventing everyday accidents and crises : a Swedish explorative study of the importance of motivation
Hillsborough : the truth
The emissary
Disaster nursing and emergency preparedness for chemical, biological, and radiological terrorism and other hazards
The Finns on the Titanic
Possibilities of co-operation in maritime occupational statistics
Lake country
Assessment of the impacts of an oil spill on the populations of common guillemot (Uria aalge) and long-tailed duck (Clangula hyemalis) - an expert knowledge based Bayesian network for the Gulf of Finland
Rock shrines
MH370 the secret files : at last... the truth behind the greatest aviation mystery of all time
Dead Mountain : the untold true story of the Dyatlov Pass incident
Risk and misfortune : a social construction of accidents
The Hunger games
House of shadows
Black Box : inside the world's worst air crashes
The Darwin awards. 2
The third wife
The survivors
"Reliable statistics of occupational accidents are necessary for rational improvement of safety of seafarers by benchmarking. Several organisations regularly publish maritime occupational accident data, but the comparisons and benchmarking are difficult for several reasons, which are discussed in this commentary. For this purpose, the content of published information was analysed in view of similar features and the possibilities of joint uses of the data were reviewed for four Nordic countries. The main purpose of this publication is to start a discussion on how the statistic information of maritime occupational accidents could be made comparable for the Nordic countries. The project CAFE was funded by the EU, the Regional Council of Päijät-Häme, Turku University of Applied Sciences and the participants from the industry. " --
The year of the hare
The possibilities
The atlas of the world's worst natural disasters
Management of major accidents : Communication challenges and solutions in the preparedness and response phases for both authorities and companies
Tieliikenneonnettomuudet = Road traffic accidents. 2000.
50 things you should know about Titanic
The great Gatsby
The 9th life of Louis Drax
Ambiguity of performance management in the fire safety policy of Finland
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
A study of neck injury arising from motor vehicle accidents and its clinical management
Before I go to sleep : a novel
The wind is not a river
A synthesis of hydrogen behaviour in severe reactor accidents
The bad beginning
Aviation accident litigation articles
What went wrong : investigating the worst man-made and natural disasters
The lion who stole my arm
Way of the wolf
The echo maker
Case one : knock down
Life as we knew it
Deep down dark : the untold stories of 33 men buried in a Chilean mine, and the miracle that set them free
Cost calculation model for work related accidents
Weighing the value of continuity management : analysis of disaster recovery planning in organizations
Having uncovered a terrifying secret dating back to the dark days of Nazi Germany, ex-SAS soldier Will Jaeger must face his toughest challenge yet as he attempts to unravel the mysteries of the past and discover what really happened to his long-lost wife and son.
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet : tilastollinen tutkimus v. 1959 : lisänä eräät tilastot vuodesta 1941 alkaen : with some additional statistics starting from the year 1941 = Road traffic accidents in Finland
Disaster evacuation and the tourist industry
Aircraft accident inquiry in the Netherlands : a comparative study
The summer I dared
Miracle for Jen : a tragic accident, a mother's desperate prayer, and heaven's extraordinary answer
Deep water : the Gulf oil disaster and the future of offshore drilling : report to the president
Abstract: Response actions during major marine oil accidents : organizing and managing the response and communication.
Eight years ago, Charlie lost her brother in a mountaineering accident. She's come a long way since, or rather has fallen a long way down... A drop out, an alcoholic and promiscuous to boot, she is a constant disappointment to her family. Eight years ago, Richard Davenport watched his best friend die. Now a successful businessman, he's never forgotten the promise he made to Charlie's brother that he would keep her safe. But how do you go about saving someone hell-bent on self-destruction? One night Charlie goes too far and Richard is her only option for help. Can he break through and stop her lying to herself? Or will Charlie finally succeed in tumbling over the edge...
Air/water countercurrent flow limitation experiments with full-scale fuel bundle structures
Demolition
The sound of gravity
Crisis and disaster management for tourism
Ship casualties in the Baltic, Gulf of Finland and Gulf of Botnia in 1971-75
Representations of natural catastrophes in newspaper discourse
A coal mine exploded in Scofield, Utah, on May Day 1900.
Aircraft accident at Kajaani Airport, Finland, 3. November 1994 : F-GHED, DC-9-83 (MD-83)
This explorative study presents an empirical examination of the connection between motivation and the measures individuals take to prevent everyday accidents and prepare for crises. Positional factors (age and gender) and situational factors (education, size of locality, and household composition) are included because the literature highlights their importance. The study used data gathered in a 2010/2011 poll of randomly selected Swedish residents aged 16-75 (N = 2000; 44.8% response rate). A factor analysis reduced the theoretical model for situational motivation (Guay, Vallerand, & Blanchard, 2000) from four to two dimensions: motivation and amotivation. Subsequent regression analyses statistically confirmed the connection between motivation or amotivation and the extent to which individuals pursue preventative and preparedness measures, even when accounting for positional and situational factors. These findings underscore the need for continued studies of individuals' incentives to prevent accidents and prepare for crises and for the study of the nuances of (situational) motivation and preventive/preparedness measures.
Left for dead : my journey home from Everest
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet : tilastollinen tutkimus 1962 : lisänä eräät tilastot vuodesta 1942 alkaen = Road traffic accidents in Finland : with some additional statistics starting from the year 1942
Veil of fire : a novel
Selected studies on steam explosions
Information and communication : in the event of abnormal situations relating to nuclear power : final report of the Nordic Nuclear Safety Research Project BER-4
Me before you
The Gargoyle
HInt : oil refinery incidents
Social work in the wake of disaster
What she left
The pilot's wife : a novel
Lappeenranta fourth Summerschool on Heat Transfer 10.-13.8.1987. Osa 2
Parents' perceptions of children's accident risk
"Seeking consolation [after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant disaster of 2011], Mockett is guided by a colorful cast of Zen priests and ordinary Japanese who perform rituals that disturb, haunt, and finally uplift her. Her journey leads her into the radiation zone in an intricate white hazmat suit; to Eiheiji, a school for Zen Buddhist monks; on a visit to a Crab Lady and Fuzzy-Headed Priests temple on Mount Doom; and into the 'thick dark' of the subterranean labyrinth under Kiyomizu temple, among other twists and turns"
The world's worst disasters of the twentieth century
Severe accident analysis : final report of the Project NKA-AKTI-130
Development of a parametric containment event tree model for a severe BWR accident
RODOS users' group: final project report : contract number: F14P-CT98-0075
The tree we heard fall : analyzing the societal processes following focusing events
One way or another
The age of miracles : a novel
The leviathan effect
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet : tilastollinen tutkimus 1961 : lisänä eräät tilastot vuodesta 1942 alkaen = Road traffic accidents in Finland : with some additional statistics starting from the year 1942
Wild storm
The Maze Runner series complete collection
After going through a time gateway, Caleb Hornblower is stuck in the present. He needs to find a way to return to the future, but after falling in love with Liberty Stone, Caleb isn't sure he can leave the past behind.
