http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3436 consulates
consulates
The Helsinki diplomatic list. May 2003 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Helsinki diplomatic list. May 2006 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Consular services of the Nordic countries during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries : did they really work?
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1996, October
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 2000, May: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Helsinki diplomatic list. November 2005 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1998, October: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
When in Finland, do as the Finns do : know the rules and succeed!
Summary.
The Law Relating to Consular Fees
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1997, April
Multilevel citizenship : the right to consular protection of EU citizens abroad
Report on Finland's representation abroad
Consuls, corsairs, and commerce : the Swedish consular service and long-distance shipping, 1720-1815
The justice of the Western consular courts in nineteenth-century Japan
The Helsinki diplomatic list. November 2003 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1995, October
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1999, April: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Instructions for honorary consuls of Finland
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1997, October: including directory of international organizations, hononary consuls and other entities
Plans for commercial agents and consuls of autonomous Finland
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1996, April
The Helsinki diplomatic list.  1999, October: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The birth of the British consular system in Finland
The Helsinki diplomatic list : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Helsinki diplomatic list. November 2002 : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Sustainable futures : replacing growth imperative and hierarchies with sustainable ways
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 1998, April: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The Council of the European Union
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 2002, May: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
The gun seller
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list. 1995, April
The Helsinki diplomatic list. 2000, October: including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
