http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3437 foreign service (organisations)
foreign service (organisations)
The Kaiser's senator : Robert M. La Follette's alleged disloyalty during World War I
British envoys to Germany 1816-1866. Vol. 4, 1851-1866
When in Finland, do as the Finns do : know the rules and succeed!
Soome suursaatkond, Tallinn = The Finnish embassy
The Cinderella service : British consuls since 1825
Suomen Berliinin suurlähetystön yleinen ideakilpailu = The Finnish Embassy in Berlin, open architectural competition
Plans for commercial agents and consuls of autonomous Finland
The new guide to the diplomatic archives of western Europe
Conference diplomacy : an introductory analysis
British envoys to Germany, 1816-1866. Vol. 1, 1816-1829
Instructions for honorary consuls of Finland
The representation of the United States abroad
Protection of diplomatic and consular representation : the Nordic initiative at the United Nations General Assembly
The modern law of diplomacy : external missions of states and international organizations
International sales and the middleman : managing your agents and distributors
The dynamics of diplomacy
Byzantine diplomacy : papers from the Twenty-fourth Spring Symposium of Byzantine Studies, Cambridge, March 1990
Diplomatic baggage : the adventures of a trailing spouse
Embassies in the East : the story of the British embassies in Japan, China and Korea from 1859 to the present
Oppenheim's International law. 1, Peace : Introduction and Part 1
Foreign ministries in the European Union : integrating diplomats
Oppenheim's International law. 1, Peace : Parts 2 to 4
British envoys to Germany 1816-1866. Vol. 3, 1848-1850
The British diplomatic service, 1689-1789
The Tallinn Diplomatic and Consular List : March 1998.
Diplomatic law : commentary on the Vienna convention on diplomatic relations
Women of the world : the rise of the female diplomat
Modern diplomatic law
Vienna convention on consular relations : with texts and commentaries on Vienna convention on diplomatic relations, 1961, United States-Soviet consular convention, 1964, Draft European convention on consular functions
Grounds of judgment : extraterritoriality and imperial power in nineteenth-century China and Japan
The embassy cookbook
Report on Finland's representation abroad
State and diplomatic immunity
The practice of diplomacy : its evolution, theory, and administration
The Northern dimension in the heart of Europe
The international law of diplomacy : the diplomatic instrument and world public order
Diplomatic history of the United States
The Helsinki diplomatic list : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Diplomacy : theory and practice
Diplomatic law : commentary on the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations
Yous Excellency [10.9.1987]
A diplomat's handbook of international law and practice
Finland in the European Union
Summary.
Land of lakes : memories keep me company
The British diplomatic service 1689-1789
English diplomatic practice in the Middle Ages
Concorde diplomacy : the ambassador's role in the world today
From Purdah to Parliament
What are competent diplomats made of? : exploring competency management in Finnish Foreign Service
Suomen virallisen ulkomaanedustuksen aluellinen kasvu : poliittisen päätöksenteon aiheuttama leviämisilmiö = Spatial growth of Finland's official representation abroad : a diffusion case occasioned by political decisions
The Tallinn Diplomatic and Consular List : September 1997.
Protection of officials of foreign states according to international law
Diplomatic ceremonial and protocol : principles, procedures & practices
Diplomatic baggage : the adventure of a trailing spouse
The Residence of the Finnish Ambassador to Berlin
The Russia hand : a memoir of presidential diplomacy
Aristocratic redoubt : the Austro-Hungarian Foreign Office on the eve of the First World War
British envoys to Germany 1816-1866. Vol. 2, 1830-1847
Your Excellency, Mrs Costa
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation : reference-book
El derecho a la información sobre la asistencia consular en el marco de las garantías del debido proceso legal : opinión consultiva OC-16/99 de 1 de octubre de 1999 = The right to information on consular assistance in the framework of the guarantees of the due process of law : advisory opinion OC-16/99 of October 1, 1999
Sustainable futures : replacing growth imperative and hierarchies with sustainable ways
