http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3439 transvestism
transvestism
"How to be a Real Gay takes its title from a series of workshops organised by gay activists in the small town of Ermelo, South Africa. Focusing on everyday practices of gayness in hair salons, churches, taverns and meeting halls, it explores the ambivalent space that homosexuality occupies in newly democratic South Africa: on the one hand, protection of gay rights is a litmus test for our Constitutional democracy, yet on the other, homosexuality is seen to threaten traditional values, customs and beliefs. This book is the first to emerge that recounts how gays in small-town South Africa negotiate this difficult symbolic terrain. How do discourses on international gay and lesbian social movements and gay equality hang together with local views on identity, gender and relationships? Why do small-town gays harness fashion, style and glamour in the making and sustaining of identity? How do economically vulnerable gays organize, access resources and create networks linking small towns to cities? How to be a Real Gay delves to the core of what it means to be other in contexts of risk, exclusion and inclusion. In its richly textured way, it also speaks to the tremendous capacity of gays to imagine and create life worlds in a harsh environment."--Publisher's website.
Transvestism in the Middle Ages : the Venusfahrt of Ulrich von Liechtenstein
Women and cross-dressing, 1800-1939
Mema's house is in the poor barrio Nezahualcoyotl, a crowded urban space on the outskirts of Mexico City where people survive with the help of family, neighbors, and friends. This house is a sanctuary for a group of young, homosexual men who meet to do what they can't do openly at home. They chat, flirt, listen to music, and smoke marijuana. Among the group are sex workers and transvestites with high heels, short skirts, heavy make-up, and voluminous hairstyles; and their partners, young, bisexual men, wearing T-shirts and worn jeans, short hair, and maybe a mustache. Mema, an AIDS educator and the leader of this gang of homosexual men, invited Annick Prieur, a European sociologist, to meet the community and to conduct her fieldwork at his house. Prieur lived there for six months between 1988 and 1991, and she has kept in touch for more than eight years. As Prieur follows the transvestites in their daily activities - at their work as prostitutes or as hairdressers, at night having fun in the streets and in discos - on visits with their families and even in prisons, a fascinating story unfolds of love, violence, and deceit. She analyzes the complicated relations between the effeminate homosexuals, most of them transvestites, and their partners, the masculine-looking bisexual men, ultimately asking why these particular gender constructions exist in the Mexican working classes and how they can be so widespread in a male-dominated society - the very society from which the term machismo stems. Expertly weaving empirical research with theory, Prieur presents new analytical angles on several concepts: family, class, domination, the role of the body, and the production of differences among men.
Neither man nor woman : the hijras of India
Grayson Perry
Travesti : sex, gender, and culture among Brazilian transgendered prostitutes
Gender reversals and gender cultures : anthropological and historical perspectives
Undressing cinema : clothing and identity in the movies
Over the past twenty years, transgender studies has emerged as a vibrant field of interdisciplinary scholarship. In 2006, Routledge's The Transgender Studies Reader brought together the first definitive collection of the field. Since its publication, the field has seen an explosion of new work that has expanded the boundaries of inquiry in many directions. The Transgender Studies Reader 2 gathers these disparate strands of scholarship, and collects them into a format that makes sense for teaching and research. Complementing the first volume, rather than competing with it, The Transgender Studies Reader 2 consists of fifty articles, with a general introduction by the editors, explanatory head notes for each essay, and bibliographical suggestions for further research. Unlike the first volume, which was historically based, tracing the lineage of the field, this volume focuses on recent work and emerging trends. To keep pace with this rapidly changing area, the second reader has a companion website, with images, links to blogs, video, and other material to help supplement the book.
With respect to sex : negotiating hijra identity in South India
In female disguise : an anthology of English and American short stories and literary passages
The changing room : sex, drag and theatre
The transgender studies reader
Into the closet : cross-dressing and the gendered body in children's literature and film
Conundrum : [an extraordinary narrative of transsexualism]
Shamanism in Siberia : selected reprints
Transgender politics : the construction and deconstruction of binary gender in the Finnish transgender community
The transgender studies reader 2
Trans voices : becoming who you are
Sexual deviation
Transvestism, masculinity, and Latin American literature : genders share flesh
The boy in the dress
Leila J. Rupp and Verta Taylor take us on an entertaining tour through one of America's most overlooked subcultures: the world of the drag queen. They offer a penetrating glimpse into the lives of the 801 Girls, the troupe of queens who perform nightly at the 801 Cabaret for tourists and locals.
Negotiating performance : gender, sexuality, and theatricality in Latin/o America
Invisible lives : the erasure of transsexual and transgendered people
Exhibitionism, voyeurism, transvestism, and sadomasochism in a Finnish population-based sample
Girls will be boys : cross-dressed women, lesbians, and American cinema, 1908-1934
I am my own woman : the outlaw life of Charlotte von Mahlsdorf, Berlin's most distinguished transvestite
Vested interests : cross-dressing & cultural anxiety
The information in From Toads to Queens: Transvestism in a Latin American Setting (a 2000 Lammy Nominee) is crucial to understanding Latin American culture and its relation to HIV prevention. You'll find research findings that offer insights into and analysis of the sexual culture and risk factors that place transvestites in the sex trade and their customers at risk of contracting HIV. This information could prove valuable to developing preventions and interventions for similar populations in countries all over the world. In From Toads to Queens, transvestites in the sex trade and their customers share fascinating personal accounts from their daily lives, including details of their sexual encounters. Specifically you will gain insight into: sexual practices, pay rates in, the sex trade, types of lovers and sexual partners, locations of “work” .
'Curing queers' : mental nurses and their patients, 1935-74
The semiotics of clowns and clowing : rituals of transgression and the theory of laughter
Into the Closet examines the representation of cross-dressing in a wide variety of children's fiction, ranging from picture books and junior fiction to teen films and novels for young adults. It provides a comprehensive analysis of the different types of cross-dressing found in children's narratives, raising a number of significant issues relating to the ideological construction of masculinity and femininity in books for younger readers. Many literary and cultural critics have studied the cultural significance of adult cross-dressing, yet although cross-dressing representations are plentiful in children's literature and film, very little critical attention has been paid to this subject to date. Into the Closet fills this critical gap. Cross-dressing demonstrates how gender is symbolically constructed through various items of clothing and apparel. It also has the ability to deconstruct notions of problematizing the relationship between sex and gender. Into the Closet is an important book for academics, teachers, and parents because it demonstrates how cross-dressing, rather than being taboo, is frequently used in children's literature and film as a strategy to educate (or enculturate) children about gender.
Before the closet : same-sex love from Beowulf to Angels in America
The cross-dressed Caribbean : writing, politics, sexualities
Conference proceedings for affective encounters : rethinking embodiment in feminist media studies
Female monks have been discussed within the spheres of socio-history, theology, and literary analysis, but no comprehensive study has focused on their historical and gendered context until now. This book reexamines their hagiographies to reveal that female protagonists possess a holy womanhood regardless of having layers of masculinity applied to their characters. Each masculine layer is scrutinized to explore its purpose in the plots and the plausible motivations for the utilization of transvestite figures in religious literature. Hagiographers had no intention of transforming their religious protagonists into anything but determined, holy women who are forced to act drastically in order to sustain ascetic dreams begun while mothers, wives, daughters, and sisters. Through an intertextual method, masculinity and literary themes work to contextualize praise for a holy womanhood within an acceptable gendered language, which seems to support a belief in the spiritual potential of women. This book highlights the potential for complex irony to develop around a female transvestite, which supplies religious tales with intrigue and interest, an ability to instruct/chastise mixed audiences, and a potential to portray the reversal inherent in the human drama of salvation.
The tradition of female transvestism in early modern Europe
Mother Camp : female impersonators in America
Removing masculine layers to reveal a holy womanhood : the female transvestite monks of late antique Eastern Christianity
The adventures of Priscilla, queen of the desert : original motion picture soundtrack
The Adventures of Priscilla : Queen of the desert ; Compiled by Kim Green
Men as women, women as men : changing gender in Native American cultures
Blending genders : social aspects of cross-dressing and sex-changing
Vested interests : cross-dressing and cultural anxiety
Transgender studies is the latest area of academic inquiry to grow out of the exciting nexus of queer theory, feminist studies, and the history of sexuality. Because transpeople challenge our most fundamental assumptions about the relationship between bodies, desire, and identity, the field is both fascinating and contentious. The Transgender Studies Reader puts between two covers fifty influential texts with new introductions by the editors that, taken together, document the evolution of transgender studies in the English-speaking world. By bringing together the voices and experience of transgender individuals, doctors, psychologists and academically-based theorists, this volume will be a foundational text for the transgender community, transgender studies, and related queer theory.
Clothes make the man : female cross dressing in medieval Europe
The drag king book
During the last 300 years circus clowns have emerged as powerful cultural icons. This is the first semiotic analysis of the range of make-up and costumes through which the clowns' performing identities have been established and go on developing. It also examines what Bouissac terms 'micronarratives' - narrative meanings that clowns generate through their acts, dialogues and gestures. Putting a repertory of clown performances under the semiotic microscope leads to the conclusion that the performances are all interconnected and come from what might be termed a 'mythical matrix'. These micronarratives replicate in context-sensitive forms a master narrative whose general theme refers to the emergence of cultures and constraints that they place upon instinctual behaviour. From this vantage point, each performance can be considered as a ritual which re-enacts the primitive violence inherent in all cultures and the temporary resolutions which must be negotiated as the outcome. Why do these acts of transgression and re-integration then trigger laughter and wonder? What kind of mirror does this put up to society? In a masterful semiotic analysis, Bouissac delves into decades of research to answer these questions.
The Danish girl
The trials of masculinity : policing sexual boundaries 1870-1930
How to be a real gay : gay identities in small-town South Africa
Fanny and Stella : the young men who shocked Victorian England
Mema's house, Mexico City : on transvestites, queens, and machos
Trans people and their occupational choices
Crossing the stage : controversies on cross-dressing
Trans sexual express : Barcelona 2001 : a classic for the third millennium : Centre d'Art SantaMòniCa, Barcelona del 27 de juny al 30 de setembre, 2001 / curadore = comisarias = curators : Xabier Arakistain i Rose Martínez
The petticoat men
From toads to queens : transvestism in a Latin American setting
Sexual sites, seminal attitudes : sexualities, masculinities, and culture in South Asia
She's not the man I married : my life with a transgender husband
The text, a savvy mix of interviews and theory, contains important insights on the notion of female masculinities as exhibited by the drag king scene. The photographs of drag kings in London, New York, and San Francisco showcase these exuberant performers with an appropriate sense of admiration. They include posed studio shots, live action pictures, as well as the intimate images of drag kings dressing up and practicing their looks. The book celebrates the most important new developments on the New York and San Francisco club scene.
Male femaling : a grounded theory approach to cross-dressing and sex-changing
Playing the man's part : the crossdressed heroine in Shakespeare's plays
Persona
The making of the modern homosexual
Unzipping gender : sex, cross-dressing and culture
Drag queens at the 801 Cabaret
Neither man nor woman : the Hijras of India
Her husband was a woman! : women's gender-crossing in modern British popular culture
