http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p343 hypersensitivity
hypersensitivity
Respiratory regulation : clinical advances
Sensory integration : a guide for preschool teachers
Contact hypersensitivity in experimental animals
The role of diet during pregnancy and infancy in the development of childhood allergies and asthma
Food and nutritional toxicology
Maternal and perinatal characteristics, use of antibiotics and the risk of cow's milk allergy and asthma in childhood
With a summary in Swedish.
Clinical aspects of exhaled nitric oxide in adults : associations with atopy, bronchial hyperresponsiveness, smoking and chronic obstruction
Middleton's allergy : principles and practice / Vol. 2
Current therapy in allergy, immunology, and rheumatology
Food allergies and hypersensitivities among children in South Karelia : occurrence, inheritance and seasonality
The use of dietary supplements and medication among Finnish elite athletes
Allergic skin diseases : studies on mechanisms in experimental atopic dermatitis and allergic contact dermatitis
Assessment of voice among emerging high-risk population groups : with special emphasis on kindergarten teachers, children with laryngeal reconstruction, and workers exposed to organic dust
Sick of smells : empirical findings and a theoretical framework for chemical intolerance
Nutrition, gastrointestinal food hypersensitivity and functional gastrointestinal disorders in schoolchildren and adolescents
Color atlas of allergic diseases
The farm environment, allergic diseases and respiratory health
Basic immunology : functions and disorders of the immune system
Biochemical changes in inborn and acquired errors of metabolism
Toll-like receptor activation in experimental allergic asthma : bridge between skin and airways
Allergy and the nervous system
Final programme & abstract book
Clinical applications of probiotics in gastroenterology : questions and answers
Milk hypersensitivity : effects of cow's milk and its processing on gastrointestinal symptoms and delayed-type immune responses
New trends in allergy and atopic eczema
Occupational hypersensitivity diseases of the upper respiratory tract
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterial and fungal exposures
Computational methods to analyze molecular determinants behind phenotypes
Food allergy : adverse reactions to foods and food additives
Wheezing in early childhood : predictive factors for asthma in the 11-year follow-up
System-level characterization of Th2 cell development and immune cell response to ZnO and TiO2 nanoparticles
The Development of Immune Responses and Allergy in Children from Farming and Non-farming Environments
Own observation of an adverse reaction : recurrent anaphylaxis associated with respiratory infection
Immunotoxicological effects induced by engineered nanomaterials
Early life cytokines, viral infections and IgE-mediated allergic disease
"The prevalence of allergic diseases has increased dramatically over recent decades, both in terms of the number of sufferers and the number of allergies. This is a trend that has frequently been referred to as 'the epidemic of the 21st century'. As described in ancient texts, allergies have been known for over 2,000 years, but the term 'allergy' was only coined at the beginning of the 20th century when doctors began to understand their pathophysiological basis. This book presents a detailed and varied historical overview of the field of allergology. Beginning with insights on allergy from antiquity to the 20th century and the development of the associated terminology, it compiles historical reflections on the understanding of the most common allergic diseases. Important milestones in the discovery of mechanisms of allergy are described, followed by historical accounts of the detection of allergens such as pollen, dust mites, peanuts and latex, and of environmental influences such as pollution and the relationship between farmers and their environment. Several chapters illustrate the progress made in allergy management to date. Particular highlights of this book are the personal reflections of and interviews with a number of pioneers of allergy, including F. Austen, J. Bienenstock, K. Blaser, A. de Weck, A.W. Frankland, K. Ishizaka, and many more. Concluding with portrayals of allergy societies and collections, as well as being supplemented by two films, this book represents a veritable treasure trove of fascinating and richly illustrated information. Not only researchers, physicians and medical historians, but also students and even non-scientists will find History of Allergy a scientific adventure well worth reading." -- (Back Cover)
Turnip rape and oilseed rape allergy in children with atopic dermatitis
Food allergies and hypersensitivities among children in South Karelia:occurrence, inheritance and seasonality
Human immunology : patient-based research
Practical immunology
Phenology in seasonal climates I
Crossroads between innate and adaptive immunity V
Human T-helper cell response to mammalian respiratory allergens
Common dermatological problems in older pets
Anafylaksian hoito = Behandlingen av anafylaxi = The treatment of anaphylaxis
Development of (eco)toxicity tests
History of allergy
Allergic and non-allergic rhinitis : a long-term clinical follow-up study
Weight, asthma, and bone mineral density : a prospective follow-up study after early childhood wheezing
Middleton's allergy : principles & practice. Vol. 1
The role of inflammation and its environmental triggers in allergic diseases
Dentin hypersensitivity and its treatment methods
Immunology for medical students
Pre- and postnatal nutrition : target for allergy risk reduction
An infant with food allergy and eczema in the family : the mental and economic burden of caring
Airway responsiveness and inflammation in young children with respiratory symptoms
Establishing pollen collection for TAMK
Airway inflammatory markers in asthma and rhinitis : microRNA, nasal nitric oxide and proteome analysis
Childhood coeliac disease in Estonia, prevalence in atopic dermatitis and immunological characterisation of coexistence
Middleton's allergy : principles and practice / Vol. 1
Girl in the dark
The complete guide to food allergy and intolerance
Clinical characteristics of cow's milk allergy with gastrointestinal symptoms
Immunotoxicology and immunopharmacology
Mosquito bite allergy : characterization of saliva antigens and saliva-specific antibodies
Allergens and Airway Hyperreactivity
Respiratory allergy is constantly encountered and is sharply on the rise, particularly in the two most vulnerable age-groups: young children and seniors. Allergy results in airway hyperactivity and increased airway resistance, with all inflammatory sequelae being ensued. The chapters show how respiratory allergy research is interconnected with other disciplines by discussing neurotransmitter, membrane receptor, and ionic channel mechanisms of allergy and by giving diagnostic and pharmacological cues on desensitization and therapy.
Microbial and maternal influences on allergic sensitization during childhood : defining a role for monocytes
Middleton's allergy : principles & practice. Vol. 2
Summary.
Medically unexplained illness : gender and biopsychosocial implications
Human T cell responses to dog lipocalin allergens : prospects for allergen immunotherapy
Essential pediatric allergy, asthma and immunology
The allergy bible : understanding, diagnosing, treating, allergies and intolerances
Anafylaksian hoito = Behandlingen av anafylaxi = The Treatment of anaphylaxis
System-wide approaches to uncover Th2 cell lineage commitment
Diagnostic testing of allergic disease
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Tiivistelmä (Abstract in Finnish).
