http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3441 sex reassignment
sex reassignment
Love from the shadows
Second skins : the body narratives of transsexuality
Religion and the body : based on papers read at the symposium on Religion and the body held at Åbo, Finland, on 16-18 June 2010
Transsexualism, medicine and law : proceedings : XXIIIrd Colloquy on European Law, Vrije universiteit Amsterdam, Netherlands, 14-16 April 1993.
Conundrum : [an extraordinary narrative of transsexualism]
Gender outlaw : on men, women and the rest of us
If I was your girl
TransForming gender : transgender practices of identity, intimacy and care
Voice and communication therapy for the transgender/transsexual client : a comprehensive clinical guide
None of the above
The transgender studies reader
Over the past twenty years, transgender studies has emerged as a vibrant field of interdisciplinary scholarship. In 2006, Routledge's The Transgender Studies Reader brought together the first definitive collection of the field. Since its publication, the field has seen an explosion of new work that has expanded the boundaries of inquiry in many directions. The Transgender Studies Reader 2 gathers these disparate strands of scholarship, and collects them into a format that makes sense for teaching and research. Complementing the first volume, rather than competing with it, The Transgender Studies Reader 2 consists of fifty articles, with a general introduction by the editors, explanatory head notes for each essay, and bibliographical suggestions for further research. Unlike the first volume, which was historically based, tracing the lineage of the field, this volume focuses on recent work and emerging trends. To keep pace with this rapidly changing area, the second reader has a companion website, with images, links to blogs, video, and other material to help supplement the book.
How sex changed : a history of transsexuality in the United States
"A groundbreaking story about a teenage girl who discovers she's intersex...and what happens when her secret is revealed to the entire school. Incredibly compelling and sensitively told, None of the Above is a thought-provoking novel that explores what it means to be a boy, a girl, or something in between" / Amazon website.
FTM: female-to-male transsexuals in society
The transgender studies reader 2
Normal
The Danish girl
True selves : understanding transsexualism - for families, friends, coworkers, and helping professionals
"In this profound and courageous New York Times bestseller, Janet Mock establishes herself as a resounding and inspirational voice for the transgender community--and anyone fighting to define themselves on their own terms. With unflinching honesty and moving prose, Mock relays her experiences of growing up young, multiracial, poor, and trans in America, offering readers accessible language while imparting vital insight about the unique challenges and vulnerabilities of a marginalized and misunderstood population. Though undoubtedly an account of one woman's quest for self at all costs, Redefining Realness is a powerful vision of possibility and self-realization, pushing us all toward greater acceptance of ane another--and of ourselves--showing as new before how to be unapologetic and real"--cover page [4].
Recognizing Transsexuals draws on interviews with transsexuals at various stages of transition to offer an original account of transsexual embodiment and bodily aesthetics. Exploring the reasons for which transpeople desire to modify their bodies, it moves away from the focus on gender that characterizes much work on transpeople's embodiment, to investigate the concept of bodily aesthetics. Recent legislation allowing transsexuals to apply for gender recognition provides the context in which transpeople challenge the conventional understandings of what it means to be men and women. The book examines key approaches to recognizing transsexualism from within a variety of fields and considers transsexuals' bodies, body projects and embodiment in relation to personal, political and medico-legal fields. It explores the ways in which transpeople's bodily aesthetics affect social relations - such as sexual relations, acceptance by others and their families - whilst also considering contemporary political trans community organizations and their public representation of trans-bodies. Recognizing Transsexuals is the first sociological examination of how the bodies of transpeople are figured and reconfigured in socio, politico and medico-legal contexts and considers the impact of these shifts, and will be of interest to those with interests in embodiment, the sociology of law, sexology, medical sociology and gender theory.
The changing room : sex, drag and theatre
The riddle of gender : science, activism, and transgender rights
P[lain] truth : - a film from ♀ to ♂
Relationship
Recognizing transsexuals : personal, political and medicolegal embodiment
Trans people in love
Becoming Nicole : the extraordinary transformation of an ordinary family
Professing selves : transsexuality and same-sex desire in contemporary Iran
She's not there : a life in two genders
P(l)ain truth : a film from ♀ to ♂
Since the mid-1980s, the Islamic Republic of Iran has permitted, and partially subsidized, sex reassignment surgery. In Professing Selves, Afsaneh Najmabadi explores the meaning of transsexuality in contemporary Iran. Combining historical and ethnographic research, she describes how, in the postrevolutionary era, the domains of law, psychology and psychiatry, Islamic jurisprudence, and biomedicine became invested in distinguishing between the acceptable "true" transsexual and other categories of identification, notably the "true" homosexual, an unacceptable category of existence in Iran. Najmabadi argues that this collaboration among medical authorities, specialized clerics, and state officials-which made transsexuality a legally tolerated, if not exactly celebrated, category of being-grew out of Iran's particular experience of Islamicized modernity. Paradoxically, state regulation has produced new spaces for non-normative living in Iran, since determining who is genuinely "trans" depends largely on the stories that people choose to tell, on the selves that they profess.
The sacredness of the self, of society and of the human body : the case of a Finnish transgender pastor Marja-Sisko Aalto
Redefining realness : my path to womanhood, identity, love & so much more
Transgender studies is the latest area of academic inquiry to grow out of the exciting nexus of queer theory, feminist studies, and the history of sexuality. Because transpeople challenge our most fundamental assumptions about the relationship between bodies, desire, and identity, the field is both fascinating and contentious. The Transgender Studies Reader puts between two covers fifty influential texts with new introductions by the editors that, taken together, document the evolution of transgender studies in the English-speaking world. By bringing together the voices and experience of transgender individuals, doctors, psychologists and academically-based theorists, this volume will be a foundational text for the transgender community, transgender studies, and related queer theory.
Amanda Hardy only wants to fit in at her new school, but she is keeping a big secret, so when she falls for Grant, guarded Amanda finds herself yearning to share with him everything about herself, including her previous life as Andrew.
The Danish Girl
