http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3443 raw materials
raw materials
Advanced practical cookery : a textbook for education & industry
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2000-2001
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2004-2005
How to avoid strategic materials shortages : dealing with cartels, embargoes, and supply disruptions
"This book focuses on cooking equipment, techniques, and recipes"--P. xvii.
Forecasting commodity prices with nonlinear models
Developing synthetic biology tools and model chassis : production of bioenergy and high-value molecules
Technology brewing and malting
The garden variety cookbook : more than 500 vegetable and fruit recipes for nonvegetarians
Fish handling & processing
The New professional chef : the Culinary Institute of America
Feedstock Additives in Gasification : Effect on Ash Sintering Behaviour in Wheat Straw Gasification
Sustainable bio-economy : potential, challenges and opportunities in Finland
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
Tapas : irresistible snacks from Spain
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
The book of ingredients
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
True food : seasonal, sustainable, simple, pure
The hundred-foot journey
Measures for saving materials in engineering industries
Advanced practical cookery
Sectoral adjustment in an economy with three-stage production and short-run labour immobility
Formulating, packaking, and marketing of natural cosmetic products
Herbal principles in cosmetics : properties and mechanisms of action
The world encyclopedia of food
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1999-2000
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1995-1997
Product design and engineering : formulation of gels and pastes
Handbook of cosmetic science and technology
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2005-2007
Restaurateurs' and hoteliers' purchasing book
International commodity agreements for minerals
Terrific Pacific cookbook
Catering for health
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2004-2006
The professional chef
Surimi and surimi seafood
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2006-2007
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2002-2004
Sunset Mexican cook book
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2002-2003
Microalgal cultivation and utilization in sustainable energy production
James McNair's salmon cookbook
The food substitutions bible : more than 6,500 substitutions for ingredients, equipment & techniques
Analysis of Cosmetic Products advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products. In the format of an easy-to-understand compendium of published literature on the subject, this book will enable people working in the cosmetic industry or in research laboratories to: * become familiar with the main legislative and analytical literature on this subject and  * learn about and choose suitable analytical procedures for production monitoring and control of cosmetic p
Food for fifty
Food flavorings : composition, manufacture, and use
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2008-2009
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2000-2002
Larousse gastronomique : the encyclopedia of food, wine & cookery
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1988-1990
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
Dictionary of food ingredients
Estimating the effect of changes in raw materials on production costs
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1994-1997
Economies of raw materials: international meeting of experts, Paris, december 1-3 1976
Assessing chipper productivity and operator effects in forest biomass operations
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1994-1996
Delights from the Garden of Eden : a cookbook and history of the Iraqi cuisine
Salsas, relishes and dips
Analyzing the possibilities of using Research institute as a supplier for Erythropoietin
A large number of low-income less-developed countries are dependent on just a few primary commodities for their export earnings. Reliance on primary commodities is particularly hazardous given the extreme behaviour and poor visibility of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage theory postulates that commodity prices are determined by expected futures prices, commodity stocks and the cost of carry. This paper uses a rich data set gathered primarily from the London Metal Exchange to test for the empirical application of the theory. In-sample analysis provides support for the theory whilst the out-of sample-results cast doubt concerning practical efficacy.
Cooking with wholefoods : healthy and wholesome recipes for grains, pulses, legumes and beans
Aphrodisiacs from A to Z
Sustainability : how the cosmetics industry is greening up
The effect of chemical and physical characteristics of feedstock on wood liquefaction by steam/water pyrolysis
Butchering, processing and preservation of meat
Culinary art and traditions of Switzerland : a selection of recipes, typical regional foods, characteristic aspects of the country
Professional cooking
Creative candy making
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1998-1999
The present research focuses on the productivity of energy wood chipping operations at several sites in Italy. The aim was to assess the productivity and specifically the effect attributed to the operator in the chipping of wood biomass. The research included 172 trials involving 67 operators across the country that were analysed using a mixed model approach, in order to assess productivity, and to isolate the operator effect from other potential variables. The model was constructed using different predictors aiming to explain the variability due to the machines and the raw-materials. The final model included the average piece weight of raw material chipped as well as the power of the machine. The coefficients of determination (R2) were 0.76 for the fixed part of the model, and 0.88 when the effects due to the operators were included. The operators' performance compared to their peers was established, and it was compared to a subjective classification based on the operator's previous experience. The results of this study can help to the planning and logistics of raw material supply for bioenergy, as well as to a more effective training of future forest operators..
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2009-2011
Practical cookery : for level 2 NVQ and apprenticeships
Artisanal cocktails : drinks inspired by the seasons from the bar at Cyrus
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2008-2010
Energy, minerals, and western security
Testing the rational expectations competitive storage hypothesis
Catalan country kitchen : food and wine from the Pyrenees to the Mediterranean seacoast of Barcelona
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2009-2010
Indian cooking
Cooking essentials for the new professional chef
The gourmet's guide to Chinese cooking
Madhur Jaffrey's Indian Cookery
Zen macrobiotic cooking
The Robert Carrier cookbook
Gourmet soaps made easy
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2001-2003
Crazy sexy diet : eat your veggies, ignite your spark, and live like you mean it!
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1991-1994
"Cosmetics and perfume represent a multibillion dollar global industry. Limited regulation and the enormous variety of ingredients make this comprehensive guide a valued resource for students and professionals in the field of personal care products. Based on Wiley's renowned Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology, the book provides information on key product groups, ingredients, formulation technology, and related regulatory topics in 25 carefully selected articles. Chemists, R&D professionals, dermatologists, patent attorneys, and regulatory agencies will also benefit from this reference"--
Candlemaking the natural way : 31 projects made with soy, palm & beeswax
Chemical and physical behavior of human hair
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Soapmaking the natural way : 45 melt-and-pour recipes using herbs, flowers & essential oils
Cajun cooking : succulent recipes from Louisiana
201 organic baby purées : the freshest, most wholesome food your baby can eat!
Lunchbox : the story of your food
Jordbruksverkets foderkontroll 2000 = Feed control by the Swedish Board of Agriculture 2000
A Web based statistical process control tool
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1992-1994
Practical cookery
The reliance on primary commodity exports posits a weighty problem for a large number of low-income less-developed countries, which is further aggravated by the erratic behaviour of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage models conjecture that storage behaviour engenders nonlinear commodity pricing processes. Motivated by theoretical considerations state of the art nonlinear time series models are put to the task of forecasting an important subset of primary commodities, base metals. Nonlinear models, especially feedforward artificial neural networks, meet their mettle and hence may prove useful tools from a commodity-policy standpoint by providing at least some degree of visibility.
Kirk-Othmer chemical technology of cosmetics
Larousse gastronomique : the encyclopedia of food, wine and cooking
'Analysis of Cosmetic Products' advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products.
Getting started in commodities
The story of chocolate
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1996-1998
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1993-1995
Modernist cuisine at home
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1988-1992
The Africa cookbook : tastes of a continent
Natural beauty alchemy: make your own organic cleansers, creams, serums, shampoos, balms, and more
The connoisseur's cookbook
Kettner's book of the table : a manual of cookery, practical, theoretical, historical
Germination : a means to improve the functionality of oat
Sri Owen's Indonesian food
North Atlantic seafood
Raw material economies among prehistoric hunter-gatherers
Foundation practical cookery
Food allergies
"Kirk-Othmer Chemical Technology of Cosmetics provides information on key topics related to cosmetic and personal care products including natural products, ingredients, formulation technology, and regularoy aspects"--
Make it safe : a guide to food safety
Reducing industrial use of fossil raw materials:techno-economic assessment of relevant cases in Northern Finland
The minus meat cook book
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2001-2002
Hogadata's Escoffier collection : volume 2.
Quantity food preparation : standardizing recipes and controlling ingredients
Reducing industrial use of fossil raw materials : techno-economic assessment of relevant cases in Northern Finland
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1988-1991
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1991-1993
Cosmetic dermatology
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1998-2000
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2005-2006
An analysis of the selection and evaluation of suppliers in low-cost countries
Makujen Suomi : taste of Finland
World demand for raw materials in 1985 and 2000
Analysis of cosmetic products
Raw materials : EC balance sheets
Food preparation for hotels, restaurants and cafeterias
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1990-93
Global regulatory issues for the cosmetics industry : Volume 2
The Ultimate Bar Book
Great dishes of the world
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 1992-1995
North African cooking : exotic delights from Morocco, Tunisia, Algeria and Egypt
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2006-2008
Oriental cookery
Projected trends of world raw material and energy markets until 2000
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2003-2005
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : Case study: VR Group
World commodity prices = Raaka-aineiden maailmanmarkkinahinnat. V. 2007-2009
Low sugar microwave bottling : natural fruit preserving in the microwave
