http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3440 gender identity
gender identity
Nightwork : sexuality, pleasure, and corporate masculinity in a Tokyo hostess club
Man and woman, boy and girl : The differentiation and dimorphism of gender identity from conception to maturity
The end of gender : a psychological autopsy
The two sexes : growing up apart, coming together
Genre trouble and the body that mattered : negotiations of gender, sexuality and identity in a Scandinavian mailing list community for lesbian and bisexual women
Women's managerial careers in the context of the United Arab Emirates
Handbook of gender and sexuality in psychological assessment
Wolfenden's witnesses : homosexuality in postwar Britain
Who are You? : the kid's guide to gender identity
Gender and popular culture
Weaving together his brilliant analyses of literature, art, and music with fearless insights on race, gender, and history. The result is an extraordinary, complex portrait of "white girls," as Als dubs them--an expansive but precise category that encompasses figures as diverse as Truman Capote and Louise Brooks, Malcolm X and Flannery O'Connor. In pieces that hairpin between critique and meditation, fiction and nonfiction, high culture and low, the theoretical and the deeply personal, Als presents a stunning portrait of a writer by way of his subjects, and an invaluable guide to the culture of our time.
The gender of sexuality
Trans voices : becoming who you are
Becoming Nicole : the extraordinary transformation of an ordinary family
The legacy of colonialism : gender and cultural identity in postcolonial societies
The Praeger handbook of transsexuality : changing gender to match mindset
Contested modernities in Turkey : constituting the modern subject in Bilkent University
Hana-Kimi : For you in full blossom. 10
My gender workbook : how to become a real man, a real woman, the real you, or something else entirely
The question of how boys become men or how girls become women may seem simple, but the answers can be complex. This new edition draws upon rich examples from research, popular media, and global accounts, to explore how gender is produced, consumed, regulated and performed in young lives today.
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
Hemingway's genders : rereading the Hemingway text
None of the above
The third sex : kathoey - Thailand's ladyboys
The transgender teen : a handbook for parents and professionals supporting transgender and non-binary teens
Abstract.
From the dress-up corner to the senior prom : navigating gender and sexuality diversity in preK-12 schools
The other me
Transgender voices : beyond women and men
Gender, identity and representation in video games : an elective discourse-oriented course for Finnish EFL upper secondary school students
Queer impact and practices
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Explore an ecological strength-based framework for the treatment of gender-variant clients.This comprehensive book provides you with a clinical and theoretical overview of the issues facing transgendered/transsexual people and their families. Transgender Emergence: Therapeutic Guidelines for Working with Gender-Variant People and Their Families views assessment and treatment through a nonpathologizing lens that honors human diversity and acknowledges the role of oppression in the developmental process of gender identity formation. Specific sections of Transgender Emergence: Therapeutic Guidelines for Working with Gender-Variant People and Their Families address the needs of gender-variant people as well as transgender children and youth. The issues facing gender-variant populations who have not been the focus of clinical care, such as intersexed people, female-to-male transgendered people, and those who identify as bigendered, are also addressed.
Social services with transgendered youth
What Should We Tell Our Daughters? : The Pleasures and Pressures of Growing Up Female
In a futuristic society run by an all-powerful Gov, a bender teen on the cusp of adulthood has choices to make that will change her life and maybe the world. Fifteen-year-old bender Kivali has had a rough time in a gender-rigid culture. Abandoned as a baby and raised by Sheila, an ardent nonconformist, Kivali has always been surrounded by uncertainty. Where did she come from? Is it true what Sheila says, that she was deposited on Earth by the mysterious saurians? "What are you?" people ask, and Kivali isn't sure. Boy/girl? Human/lizard? Both/neither? Now she s in CropCamp, with all of its schedules and regs, and the first real friends she's ever had. Strange occurrences and complicated relationships raise questions Kivali has never before had to consider. But she has a gift the power to enter a trancelike state to harness the  knowings  inside her. She has Lizard Radio. Will it be enough to save her? A coming-of-age story rich in friendships and the shattering emotions of first love, this deeply felt novel will resonate with teens just emerging as adults in a sometimes hostile world.
Invisible Boy : the making of contemporary masculinities
The transgender child
Gender and sexual identity : transcending feminist and queer theory
Bodily citations : religion and Judith Butler
2015 marks the five-hundredth anniversary of the Spanish mystic St. Teresa of Avila. This volume of the Journal of ESWTR is therefore dedicated to the issue of mysticism and gender. The mystical experience is a radical confrontation with oneself, where one recognizes one's boundaries and is at the same time called to transgress them; it is a mystical transformation of the self that then will be able to transform unjust structures. Can mysticism today still unfold these capacities of transformation of self and societies, given the problems we are faced with? Using gender as a category of analysis, and adopting a gender-sensitive stand, the articles in this volume explore questions such as: How do issues of gender shape the relationship between mysticism and power? How have women mystics contributed to the field of mysticism? How can mysticism unfold a transformative power, both for individuals and societies? In short, what do we mean by mysticism today?
Gender, youth, and culture : global masculinities and femininities
Youth with gender issues : seeking an identity
Sexual sports rhetoric : historical and media contexts of violence
Lying bodies : survival and subversion in the field of vision
Female football fans : community, identity and sexism
Childhood gender related experiences of adult transgender persons
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
Gender : psychological perspectives
How do teens know if they are LGBT? -- What issues do LGBT teens have with coming out? -- What challenges do LGBT teens face? -- How can teens get help with LGBT issues?
"Today more than ever, fatherhood demands constant improvisation, risk, and struggle. With grace, honesty, and strength, Rad Dad's writers tackle all the issues that other parenting guides are afraid to touch: the brutalities, beauties, and politics of the birth experience, the challenges of parenting on an equal basis with mothers, the tests faced by transgendered and gay fathers, the emotions of sperm donation, and parental confrontations with war, violence, racism, and incarceration. Rad Dad is for every father out in the real world trying to parent in ways that are loving, meaningful, authentic, and ultimately revolutionary."
Changes in the gender system: something happening to the split between public and private?
Traveller in space : in search of female identity in Tibetan Buddhism
A multi-faceted, interdisciplinary examination of the music and figure of Lady Gaga, combining approaches from scholars in cultural studies, dance, fashion, and music.
The virgin suicides
Finnish summary.
Wandering son. Volume two
Since the mid-1980s, the Islamic Republic of Iran has permitted, and partially subsidized, sex reassignment surgery. In Professing Selves, Afsaneh Najmabadi explores the meaning of transsexuality in contemporary Iran. Combining historical and ethnographic research, she describes how, in the postrevolutionary era, the domains of law, psychology and psychiatry, Islamic jurisprudence, and biomedicine became invested in distinguishing between the acceptable "true" transsexual and other categories of identification, notably the "true" homosexual, an unacceptable category of existence in Iran. Najmabadi argues that this collaboration among medical authorities, specialized clerics, and state officials-which made transsexuality a legally tolerated, if not exactly celebrated, category of being-grew out of Iran's particular experience of Islamicized modernity. Paradoxically, state regulation has produced new spaces for non-normative living in Iran, since determining who is genuinely "trans" depends largely on the stories that people choose to tell, on the selves that they profess.
The construction of gender identity through social dialect choice for adolescents and young adults : some examples from the spoken component of the British National Corpus
Empowering elements in the lives of transgender persons
Gender, youth and culture : young masculinities and feminities
"Try again, fail better" : detecting the intersectionality of white female protagonist in Weeds
Gender lessons : girls and boys negotiating learning community in Basics of Music
Illdisciplined gender : engaging questions of nature/culture and transgressive encounters
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
A queer capital : a history of gay life in Washington, D.C
Sexual sports rhetoric : global and universal contexts
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
Key concepts in gender studies
"The first history of LGBT life in Washington, D.C., across the 20th century. Covering black and white individuals and communities, and considering the effects of race, gender, and class, this book explores how lesbians, gay men, and bisexuals built communities, survived anti-gay campaigns, and organized to demand equal rights"--
Sex, sensibility and the gendered body
Queer : the ultimate LGBT guide for teens
The male heterosexual : lust in his loins, sin in his soul?
Understanding gender dysphoria : navigating transgender issues in a changing culture
The third sex : Kathoery : Thailand's ladyboys
Sae cheonnyeon Hanguginui jeongcheseong : je 11 hoe Hangukhak gukje haksul hoeui nonmunjip = Korean identity in the new millenium : proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Korean Studies
Handbook of Gender and Sexuality in Psychological Assessment brings together two interrelated realms: psychological assessment with gender and sexuality. This handbook aids in expanding the psychological assessors' knowledge and skill when considering how gender and sexuality shapes the client's and the assessor's experiences. Throughout the six sections, gender and sexuality are discussed in their relation to different psychological methods of assessment; various psychological disorders; special considerations for children, adolescents, and older adults; important training and ethical considerations; as well as several in-depth case discussions.
Language, sexualities and desires : cross-cultural perspectives
Provoking agents : gender and agency in theory and practice
Undressing the Maid : gender, sexuality and the body in the construction of the Finnish nation
Alex as well
Perceiving gender locally, globally, and intersectionally
Teens and LGBT issues
Girls will be girls : dressing up, playing parts and daring to act differently
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Performing ethnicity, performing gender : transcultural perspectives
Comprising the most current scholarship from leading experts in the fields of gender and media studies, Gendered Transformations offers readers a new foundation from which to re-examine traditional perspectives on gender. Organized into sections concerning representational politics, embodied performance, and social constructions of reality, these essays explore a wide variety of concerns from a similarly wide variety of perspectives, from essentialist to anti-essentialist. A thought-provoking contribution to a number of disparate fields, Gendered Transformations offers a rare interdisciplinary approach to gender that reflects the most recent developments in media theory and methodology.
Pussy : a reclamation
Sex changes : transformations in society and psychoanalysis
Caribbean journeys : intersections of female identity in the novels of Michelle Cliff
Gender isn't just about "male" or "female" anymore - if you have any doubts, just turn on your television. RuPaul is as familiar as tomato ketchup with national radio and television shows, and transgendered folk are as common to talk-shows as screaming and yelling. But if the popularization of gender bending is revealing that "male" and "female" aren't enough, where are we supposed to go from here? Cultural theorists have written loads of smart but difficult-to-fathom texts on gender, but none provide a hands-on, accessible guide to having your own unique gender. With My Gender Workbook, Kate Bornstein brings theory down to Earth and provides a practical approach to living with or without a gender. Bornstein starts from the premise that there are not just two genders performed in today's world, but countless genders lumped under the two-gender framework. Using a unique, deceptively simple and always entertaining workbook format, Bornstein gently but firmly guides you to discover your own unique gender identity. Whether she's using the USFDA's food group triangle to explain gender, or quoting one-liners from real "gender transgressors", Bornstein's first and foremost concern is making information on gender bending truly accessible. With quizzes and exercises that determine how much of a man or woman you are, My Gender Workbook gives you the tools to reach whatever point you desire on the gender continuum.
Lady Gaga and popular music : performing gender, fashion, and culture
Lessons from the intersexed
Being boys, being girls : learning masculinities and femininities
What does it mean to become a boy today? How does boyhood manifest itself in different contexts? How can we describe fathers and sons in contemporary society? And can we make the invisible boy visible in ways alternative to those of media? This publication is the outcome of an international, multidisciplinary exploration of how boys become boys and how boys form identities today. The project was global in its scope and included 24 artists and academics from Sweden, USA, Turkey, UK, Finland, New Zealand, Croatia, Nigeria, Switzerland, India, Canada and Italy have contributed to the Invisible Boy. The publication with its 20 chapters includes academic papers, video, drawings, digital images, photography and music. Combining a variety of intellectual expressions the chapters forms a joint example of multimodal explorations to further understandings of complex matters such as gendered identity making. The contributions are organised in four themes: Negotiating Identity, Bodily Existence, Boyhood Interrupted, and Gender and Contemporary Media.
The politics of identity in Australia
Performing gender and comedy : theories, texts and contexts
Gender and colonial space
The psychobiology of transsexualism and transgenderism : a new view based on scientific evidence
Moninaisuus mielessä!  a guide about meeting diversity of sexual orientation and gender in the field of social work : report of making a product
Gender equity in science and engineering : / : advancing change in higher education
Elysium, or, The world after
"Few topics are more contested today than gender identity. While the culture war rages over language, institutions and political allegiances, transgender individuals are often the ones who end up as casualties. Mark Yarhouse, an expert in sexual identity and therapy, challenges the church to rise above the political hostilities and listen to people's stories. In Understanding Gender Dysphoria, Yarhouse offers a Christian perspective on transgender issues that eschews simplistic answers and appreciates the psychological and theological complexity. The result is a book that engages the latest research while remaining pastorally sensitive to the experiences of each person. Yarhouse calls Christians to come alongside those on the margins and stand with them as they resolve their questions and concerns about gender identity. Understanding Gender Dysphoria is the book we need to navigate these stormy cultural waters." -- Back Cover
Riley Cavanaugh is many things: Punk rock. Snarky. Rebellious. And gender fluid. Some days Riley identifies as a boy, and others as a girl. But Riley isn't exactly out yet. And between starting a new school and having a congressman father running for reelection in uber-conservative Orange County, the pressure media and otherwise is building up in Riley's life.On the advice of a therapist, Riley starts an anonymous blog to vent those pent-up feelings and tell the truth of what it's really like to be a gender fluid teenager. But just as Riley's starting to settle in at school - even developing feelings for a mysterious outcast - the blog goes viral, and an unnamed commenter discovers Riley's real identity, threatening exposure. And Riley must make a choice: walk away from what the blog has created - a lifeline, new friends, a cause to believe - in or stand up, come out, and risk everything.
Gender and sexual identity formation is an ongoing anthropological conversation in both Middle Eastern studies and urban studies, but the story of gay and lesbian identity in the Middle East is only just beginning to be told. Queer Beirut is the first ethnographic study of queer lives in the Arab Middle East. Drawing on anthropology, urban studies, gender studies, queer studies, and sociocultural theory, Sofian Merabet's compelling ethnography suggests a critical theory of gender and religious identity formations that will disrupt conventional anthropological premises about the contingent role that society and particular urban spaces have in facilitating the emergence of various subcultures within the city. From 1995 to 2014, Merabet made a series of ethnographic journeys to Lebanon, during which he interviewed numerous gay men in Beirut. Through their life stories, Merabet crafts moving ethnographic narratives and explores how Lebanese gays inhabit and perform their gender as they formulate their sense of identity. He also examines the notion of "queer space" in Beirut and the role that this city, its class and sectarian structure, its colonial history, and religion have played in these people's discovery and exploration of their sexualities. In using Beirut as a microcosm for the complexities of homosexual relationships in contemporary Lebanon, Queer Beirut provides a critical standpoint from which to deepen our understandings of gender rights and citizenship in the structuring of social inequality within the larger context of the Middle East.
Bisexuality and transgenderism : interSEXions of the others
Evolution's rainbow : diversity, gender, and sexuality in nature and people : with a new preface
The myth of masculinity
Transgenderism and intersexuality in childhood and adolescence : making choices
In this analysis of Bernard of Clairvaux's famous 'Sermons on the Song of Songs', gendered imagery is treated, for the first time, as an interpretative key. Through close readings of Bernard's text and through the rich array of recent medieval studies on sex and gender, this book challenges familiar interpretations of body, gender, and asceticism, disrupting the commonplace view of medieval monasticism as desexualized and un-gendered. Bernard not only interprets, but also embodies or actualizes the figure of the bride, generating images of celibacy as erotic pleasure and monks as fecund and female. Through his performance, Bernard provides a hermeneutical model on which he patterns himself and his audience, the Cistercian choir monk. By analyzing the rhetorical functions of Bernard's female self-representation, the author explores how complex and varied female images in the text are absorbed into the bridal role – lactating mother, ecstatic virgin, weeping widow, needy girl. By appropriating femaleness, Bernard transformed the Cistercian cloister into an inverted world that anticipated eschatological restoration and salvation. In this parallel monastic reality, the book argues, males performed all parts while gender hierarchy was upheld to establish notions of superior and inferior, worldly and heavenly, humility and sublimity. The male-female duality in this language is not one of equality, but was rather forged into a hermeneutical hierarchy in which, ultimately, a fully Christomimetic man both appropriates and negates femaleness.
Bisexuality has been largely erased from studies of sexuality and gender, and people who desire others of more than one gender often remain invisible. This book sets a new agenda for considering sexualities and genders, by focusing on the lives of people who are bisexual or who have other identities that are not heterosexual, lesbian or gay, in an international context.What are bisexual people's lived experiences? How can these be understood using social and political theories? What are the implications of bisexuality for future theorising and research? In addressing these and other questions, this book maps out under-explored territory. It does so by looking at topical themes, including sex and relationships, community, the commodification of bisexuality, and activism. The book also shows how understandings of bisexuality can usefully inform the social sciences in areas such as identity construction, social inequalities, postcolonial relations, and citizenship.
Queer : a graphic history
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Muslim diaspora : gender, culture, and identity
Act like a man : challenging masculinities i American drama
This is not pink : the alternative way of seeing sweets
Gender identity as constructed in The Diary of Anaïs Nin of 1931-1934
Diagnosing Gender : transitivity analysis on the diagnostic category of gender dysphoria in DSM-5
From the moment intersexuality-the condition of having physical gender markers (genitals, gonads, or chromosomes) that are neither clearly female nor male-is suspected and diagnosed, social institutions are mobilized in order to maintain the two seemingly objective sexual categories. Infants' bodies are altered, and what was "ambiguous" is made "normal." Kessler's interviews with pediatric surgeons and endocrinologists reveal how the intersex condition is normalized for parents and she argues that the way in which intersexuality is managed by the medical and psychological professions displays our culture's beliefs about gender and genitals. Parents of intersexed children are rarely heard from, but in this book they provide another perspective on reasons for genital surgeries and the quality of medical and psychological management. Although physicians educate parents about how to think about their children's condition, Kessler learned from parents of intersexed children that some parents are able to accept atypical genitals. Based on analysis of the medical literature and interview with adults who had received treatment as interesexed children, Kessler proposes new approaches for physicians to use in talking with parents and children. She also evaluates the appearance of a politicized vanguard, many of who are promoting an intersexual identity, who seek to alter the way physicians respond to intersexuality.
Women embracing Islam : gender and conversion in the West
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
The Wolfenden Report of 1957 has long been recognized as a landmark in moves towards gay law reform. What is less well known is that the testimonials and written statements of the witnesses before the Wolfenden Committee provide by far the most complete and extensive array of perspectives we have on how homosexuality was understood in mid-twentieth century Britain. Those giving evidence, individually or through their professional associations, included a broad cross-section of official, professional and bureaucratic Britain: police chiefs, policemen, magistrates, judges, lawyers and Home Office civil servants; doctors, biologists (including Alfred Kinsey), psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and psychotherapists; prison governors, medical officers and probation officers; representatives of the churches, morality councils and progressive and ethical societies; approved school headteachers and youth organization leaders; representatives of the army, navy and air force; and a small handful of self-described but largely anonymous homosexuals. This volume presents an annotated selection of their voices.
Redefining realness : my path to womanhood, identity, love & so much more
Wandering son. Volume five
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
The body : social and cultural dissections
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Dancing fear & desire : race, sexuality and imperial politics in Middle Eastern dance
Introduction
Gendered identities in Bernard of Clairvaux's Sermons on the Song of Songs : performing the bride
Boy v. girl? : how gender shapes who we are, what we want, and how we get along
The study of sexuality is moving from margin to centre stage in sociology, as the 1994 British Sociological Association annual conference on 'Sexualities in Social Context' demonstrated. Drawn from that conference, the papers in this volume contribute to the debates which have developed on the relationship between the sexual and the social, and between gender and sexuality. The focus is on women, and from different perspectives the authors explore the themes of gendered identity, the construction of sexuality, embodiment and control. The social contexts in which these themes are elaborated include the family, the law, the education system, medical practice and discourse, and cultural representations and texts.
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Who's that girl? Who's that boy? : clinical practice meets postmodern gender theory
Fanny and Stella : the young men who shocked Victorian England
Transgender emergence : therapeutic guidelines for working with gender-variant people and their families
Men, women, and chain saws : gender in the modern horror film
Gender identity, psychology, and lifestyle
Questioning gender : a sociological exploration
Negotiating clerical identities : priests, monks and masculinity in the Middle Ages
Identities on the move : contemporary representations of new sexualities and gender identities
Mysticism and gender = Mística y género = Mystik und Geschlecht
Gender, countertransference, and the erotic transference : perspectives from analytical psychology and psychoanalysis
Thoroughly revised throughout, the second edition benefits from the addition of nine new concepts including Gender Social Movements, Intersectionality and Mainstreaming. Each of the entries: begins with a concise definition outlines the history of each term and the debates surrounding it includes illustrations of how the concept has been applied within the field offers examples which allow a critical re-evaluation of the concept is cross-referenced with the other key concepts ends with guidance on further reading.
Erotic ambiguities : the female nude in art
For the love of God, Marie!
Rad dad : dispatches from the frontiers of fatherhood
What we left behind
Gender identity as a marker of cultural crisis in marriage : a study of two West African novels
"Based on archival work, personal interviews, and literary history, A Queer Capital is a history of LGBT Washington D.C. during the long decades from the turn of the 20th century through the Eisenhower era. The book is a lively history of black and white gay communities and individuals, attesting to the vibrant cultural and intellectual life of a city sometimes believed to be neither. Of particular importance is the discussion of how racial identities and gay identities were interrelated during the period. A Queer Capital is a book for readers interested in gay life, in Washington D.C. history, and in African American life and culture in the first half of the twentieth century. "--
"In Unsettling Assumptions, editors Pauline Greenhill and Diane Tye link gender studies with traditional and popular culture studies to examine how tradition and gender can intersect to unsettle assumptions about culture and its study.Contributors explore the intersections of traditional expressive culture and sex/gender systems by challenging their conventional constructions, using sex/gender as a lens to question, investigate, or upset concepts like family, ethics, and authenticity. Individual essays consider myriad topics such as Thanksgiving turkeys, rockabilly and bar fights, Chinese tales of female ghosts, selkie stories, a noisy Mennonite New Year's celebration, the Distaff Gospels, Kentucky tobacco farmers, international adoptions, and more. In Unsettling Assumptions, expressive culture emerges as fundamental both to our sense of belonging to a family, an occupation, or friendship group and, most notably, to identity performativity. Within larger contexts, these works offer a better understanding of cultural attitudes like misogyny, homophobia, and racism as well as the construction and negotiation of power"--
"The first comprehensive presentation of an explicitly transgender theory."--Cover p. [4].
White girls
The metaphysics of gender
Wandering son. Volume six
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
"A groundbreaking story about a teenage girl who discovers she's intersex...and what happens when her secret is revealed to the entire school. Incredibly compelling and sensitively told, None of the Above is a thought-provoking novel that explores what it means to be a boy, a girl, or something in between" / Amazon website.
Cruising utopia : the then and there of queer futurity
College men and masculinities : theory, research, and implications for practice
Symptoms of being human
Gendered transformations : theory and practices on gender and media
Professing selves : transsexuality and same-sex desire in contemporary Iran
Mantrapped
"Most sociological work on football fandom has focused on the 'malestream', i.e. the experience of men, and it usually talks about socially 'deviant' behaviours, such as alcohol, fighting and general hooliganism. Yet there have always been female fans of football - even if they have been ignored or written out of the literature. This book shows that there are some unique facets of female experience, including a strong engagement with the new cooperative supporters' trust movement, and fascinating negotiations of identity within this male-dominated world. It draws upon in-depth responsive interviews to put together a broad picture of women's experiences of men's professional football in England. "--
Second skins : the body narratives of transsexuality
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
Woman, body, desire in post-colonial India : narratives of gender and sexuality
Critical concepts in queer studies and education : an international guide for the twenty-first century
Wandering son. Volume four
Gender and everyday life
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
"In this profound and courageous New York Times bestseller, Janet Mock establishes herself as a resounding and inspirational voice for the transgender community--and anyone fighting to define themselves on their own terms. With unflinching honesty and moving prose, Mock relays her experiences of growing up young, multiracial, poor, and trans in America, offering readers accessible language while imparting vital insight about the unique challenges and vulnerabilities of a marginalized and misunderstood population. Though undoubtedly an account of one woman's quest for self at all costs, Redefining Realness is a powerful vision of possibility and self-realization, pushing us all toward greater acceptance of ane another--and of ourselves--showing as new before how to be unapologetic and real"--cover page [4].
The Oxford handbook of Shakespeare and embodiment : gender, sexuality, and race
Ancestors of two-spirits: representations of native American third-gender males in historical documentation : a critical discourse analysis in anthropology
Micro-politics : agency in a postfeminist era
The transgender phenomenon
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Gender, health and information technology in context
This volume offers some of the outputs, challenges and opportunities created in an interdisciplinary programme that was set up to engage multi-, inter- and transdisciplinary perspectives on issues at the intersections of nature and culture, sex and gender. When working with mass spectrometers, microscopes, discourse analysis or interviews, one rarely has to explain them to colleagues. They are the tools used. But when working in inter- or transdisciplinary settings, such tools require explanations. These conversations make evident that trans and interdisciplinary (gender) research is a not just a novelty requiring an adjectival prefix ‘trans-‘ or ‘inter-’, it is something done, performed, practiced. Moreover it is something done in particular spaces, a consequence of particular meetings – transgressive encounters. This collection is built on work conducted under the GenNa: Nature/Culture and Transgressive Encounters Research Programme, funded by the Swedish research council. It brings together a range of scholars from the humanities, natural, physical, life, and social sciences by so doing it reflects on the challenges, risks and opportunities of doing trans- and interdisciplinary work. The result is a collection that uses a multitude of tools to examine issues such as sexual difference, hydro power exploitation, research seminars, dairy farming, the spaces between molecules, film and identity. They are witness to the diversity created through transgressive encounters and illustrations of doing inter- and transdisciplinary research.--
In this book, a Princeton University-trained physiological psychologist explores dozens of theories about what may spur transsexual and transgender (TSTG) thinking, exposes the myths of fetishism, homosexuality, prenatal hormones, or child rearing as causes, and explains the two causes that are supported by current science. Covering a breadth of topics that include neuroanatomy, choice, psychodynamics, and transsexual transition, author Thomas E. Bevan, PhD, synthesizes the pertinent research regarding transsexualism and transgenderism across 22 scientific disciplines. The book covers various gender systems from antiquity to historical and contemporary cultures that support the biological basis of transsexualism and transgenderism, addresses human development from the time prior to conception through adulthood and potential transsexual transition, and corrects common myths and assumptions about TSTG individuals, such as that crossdressing is basically motivated by a desire for sexual arousal. The book also includes sections that cite definitions of key terms and identify related reading, organizations for support, and current TSTG events worldwide.
Unsettling assumptions : tradition, gender, drag
Wandering son. Volume three
Hana-Kimi : For you in full blossom. 9
Women and dualism : a sociology of knowledge analysis
Wandering son. Volume one
Me, myself and I : all about sex and puberty
Bisexuality : identities, politics, and theories
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Transparent : love, family, and living the T with transgender teenagers
Controlling body and space : encounters at school
Readings of Working Life and the Political in Lifestyle Magazines
Diagnosing gender : transitivity analysis on the diagnostic category of gender dysphoria in DSM-5
The role of media in gender identity formation among adolescents in Windhoek and Ohangwena
Trans people in love
Sexing the world : grammatical gender and biological sex in ancient Rome
The field of "transgender" and "transpositionality" has been carved out as a new field of inquiry in the past decade, showing the fragmentation and diversification of masculinities and feminities - along with the error of any sharp polarisation. Dave King and Richard Ekins are the leading world sociologists in this field and have mined it richly since the 1970's. The book brings together a brilliant synthesis of history, case studies, ideas and positions as they have emerged over the past thirty years, and brings together a rich but always grounded account of this field, providing a state of the art of critical concepts and ideas to take this field further during the twenty first century. This is a must read for all interested in this new area of inquiry.
Wandering son. Volume seven
