http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3457 sensory evaluation
sensory evaluation
Outdoor education : literary education and sensory experience
"Artificial sensory evaluation : appearance-based analysis of ready meals"
Sensory analysis : identification and selection of descriptors for establishing a sensory profile by a multidimensional approach
Influence of chewing and swallowing on flavour perception
Wine's company : a course of 20 wine tasting sessions
Product development in food production industry : case: Riitan-Herkku
Taste what you're missing : the passionate eater's guide to why good food tastes good
Aroma and flavor lexicon for sensory evaluation : terms, definitions, references, and examples
Sensory interrelationships in bread and bread-spread combinations
Effects of gluten and transglutaminase on microstructure, sensory characteristics and instrumental texture of oat bread
The production of grapes & wine in cool climates
Addressing the many gaps in the literature, this edition shows how to organize and operate a testing program and design a test facility. It includes recommendations on procedures for selecting, screening and qualifying subjects, and the communication of actionable results.
Advances in sensory food science : Rose Marie Pangborn memorial Symposium August 2-6, 1992, Järvenpää, Finland : abstracts
Sensory evaluation techniques. Vol. 1
Understanding wine : a guide to winetasting and wine appreciation
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
How to choose wine
Instrumentally measured release and human perception of aroma compounds from foods and model systems differing in fat content
Time of salt addition to ready-to-eat meals : a sensory study of salt reduction and salt substitution
Journal of sensory studies
Flavor of meat and meat products
Michael Broadbent's pocket guide to winetasting : how to approach and appreciate wine
Sensory analysis for food and beverage quality control : a practical guide
How to taste wine
Development of a new gustatory test based on taste identification and intensity judgement
Electronic nose for prediction of the sensory quality of meat products
The concise guide to wine and blind tasting
Handbook of meat, poultry and seafood quality
A handbook for sensory and consumer-driven new product development : innovate technologies for the food and beverage industry
Elintarvikkeet : aistinvarainen analyysi : sanasto = Livsmedel : sensorisk analys : terminologi = Food analysis : sensory analysis : vocabylary
Food safety and food quality
Multisensory flavor perception : from fundamental neuroscience through to the marketplace
"Foodies rejoice! Malcolm Gladwell's favorite food inventor offers a guide to the senses with advice on how to develop your palate and better enjoy the pleasures of eating. Featured by Malcolm Gladwell in a New Yorker magazine article about the quest to develop the perfect cookie, Barb Stuckey is the food developer that famed foodies--such as Michael Pollan--turn to when they need to understand the pyschology and physiology of taste. In Taste What You're Missing, Stuckey shares her professional knowledge in an engaging style that's one part Mary Roach, two parts Oliver Sacks, and a dash of Anthony Bourdain for spice.Taste What You're Missing serves up stories: seared, sauced, and garnished with humor and insight into our complicated experiences with food. First explaining the building blocks of taste perception on a physical level, Stuckey walks readers through the five basic tastes: sweet, sour, bitter, salt, and umami. She explains the critical importance of smell and how the other senses--touch, hearing, and sight--come into play when we enthusiastically dive into a plate of food. She provides eye-opening and delicious anecdotes and exercises that readers can perform to learn, for example, their unique "taster type," or the subtle differences between sour, bitter, tannic, and astringent. Armed with this new knowledge, readers can improve their ability to discern flavors, detect ingredients, and devise new taste combinations in their own kitchens. Keeping in mind that the only thing foodies like better than eating food is talking about food, Taste What You're Missing gives such curious eaters, Food Network watchers, kitchen tinkerers, and armchair Top Chefs understanding and language that will impress their friends and families with insider knowledge about everything they eat"--
Sensory analysis : general guidance for the design of test rooms
Wine style : using your senses to explore and enjoy wine
Boreal unifloral honeys : screening of composition and properties
Wine tasting : a professional handbook
Winetaster's secrets
Sensory analysis - methodology - ranking
Design and analysis of sensory optimization
Protecting and enforcing intellectual property rights in today's Russia : case: City of St. Petersburg : state of the art report
Food flavorings : composition, manufacture, and use
This thesis was based on a project conducted by the author as a special form of wine tasting whose objectives were to obtain a concise group of desired target audience and have a broad wine selection from a single estate within the Pfalz region of Germany. The event was to be extremely informative and interesting, presented as professionally able although would be perceived by the audience in a relaxed appearance. It was to be held as soon as possible and leave a substantial effect on the attending audience to counteract performance related to the author's broader set of objectives subsequent to the wine tasting event, and his initiatives for administering the event.   Within the theoretical frame of reference the author bases his research on the sales promotions branch from within the communications mix of marketing. Through discussing the specific role and objectives behind a sales promotion, the author outlines the three market groups concentrating on trade based sales promotions. Obtaining a full understanding of how to utilise, implement and evaluate the sales promotion objectives concluded the research.     The methodological section directly applies to the operation of the author's wine tasting project and first discusses reasons behind adopting a wine tasting to achieve his senior objectives before outlining the entire extent the author aimed his tasting to achieve. In separating the remainder of the chapter into three sections related to the planning, implementation and results, the author was able to aptly explain the five elements directly related to the wine tasting event.   Conclusions found, despite technical faults the author could not have avoided, that the author was successful in achieving his objectives for his wine tasting although considers media related to the wine industry inside Finland need a better understanding of their impact on the public and the businesses within the Finnish wine industry need to trust and better cooperate with one another.
Introduction to aroma research
"Tasting notes, menus, and recipes to guide craft beer aficionados and beginners alike in coupling their favorite beers and foods. 'Yes, great beer can change your life,' writes chef Schuyler Schultz in 'Beer, Food, and Flavor.' Here is your authoritative guide to exploring the diverse array of flavors found in craft beer--and the joys of pairing those flavors with great food to transform everyday meals into culinary events. Armed with the precise tasting techniques and pairing strategies offered inside, participating in the growing craft beer community is now easier than ever. 'Beer, Food, and Flavor' will enable you to learn about the top craft breweries in your region, seek out new beer styles and specialty brews with confidence, create innovative menus, and pair craft beer with fine food, whether at home or while dining out."--
Aroma and flavor in liquid beet sugar processing
Expectations and the food industry : the impact of color and appearance
Sensory quality in foods and beverages : definition, measurement and control
Sensory analysis of foods
Domestic apple cultivars : sensory descriptions and consumer responses
The science of the oven
Practical analysis of flavor and fragrance materials
Methods to determine the freshness of fish in research and industry : proceedings of the final meeting of the concerted action "Evaluation of fish freshness" AIR3CT942283 Nantes Conference, November 12-14, 1997 = Méthodes d'Évaluation de la fraícheur du poisson dans l'industrie et la recherche : Compte-rendu de la réunion finale de l'Action Concertée "Evaluation de la fraícheur du poisson" AIR3CT942283, Nantes Conference November, 12-14, 1997
Sensory characteristics of 17 apple cultivars commonly grown in Finland were compared over three harvest years (2009-2011). Descriptive analysis with a trained panel (n = 11-14) comprised 17 attributes rated from 0 ('not at all') to 10 ('very'): four appearance (green, red, area of red colour, skin waxiness), three odour (intense, grassy, fruity), five  texture (hard, crispy, mealy, juicy, tough peel), and five flavour (intense, sour, sweet, astringent, diverse) attributes. Ratedintensities differed between the harvest years but their magnitude and direction of change varied according to the cultivar. Odour and flavour ratings tended to be higher in 2009 than in 2010 and 2011. The summer 2009 was fairly normal, while summer 2010 was hot and dry, and summer 2011  hot and humid. These climate may explain some of the differences between the first and the two subsequent years. Late season cultivars tended to be relatively stable against annual effects.
Microbiological, sensory and toxicological aspects of paperboards
Accreditation for sensory testing laboratories, EAL-G16 : (suositus aistinvaraisen testauksen akkreditoinnista)
Health and pleasure at the table : proceedings from an international symposium held in Montreal, Canada, May 24th to 27th, 1994
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
Workshop on measuring consumer perceptions of internal product quality, Wageningen, Netherlands, August 7-10, 1989
Multivariate analysis of data in sensory science
Fruits are one of the most important parts of daily nutrition needs. People tend to eat more  and more fruits for healthy diets nowadays. As growing fruits in Finland is limited, it is necessary  to import them from other countries such as Costa Rica, the Netherlands, Chile, Israel, Italy, and so on. The most common kinds of fruits include oranges, pineapples, grapes, pears, kiwi fruits, bananas, and the like. Some other tropical fruits are also available but do not seem  attractive to Finnish consumers. However, Vietnam is a country with plenty of different fruit  species which are potentially appealing to Finnish consumers. That is the main reasons why  this study is conducted. The study is mainly about consumers' acceptance towards some Vietnamese fruit species. That is why sensory evaluation techniques are applied. The techniques include evaluation of all sensory attributes such as appearance, color, aroma, flavor and texture. Data from sensory evaluations is collected by quantitative research methods. Specifically, a tasting session was  organized during one week before Christmas in 2011. Participants were served fruit samples and they then answered a questionnaire. The report also includes an introduction of Finland and Vietnam as the two main countries examined. The fruit species used for the study are also introduced so that readers can better understand their nature. They include carambola, litchi, passion fruit, pitahaya, mangosteen  and rambutan. In addition, the study contents secondary data collected from websites, articles,  other studies, reports, and so on. The most important finding is that the informants liked most of the fruit samples. Some of  the fruits were liked thanks to their special aromas, some for their taste, and others because of  their texture or appearance. The study also found out main barriers to purchasing Vietnamese fruit are that consumers do not seem to be familiar with such fruits: they do not know them,  how to eat them and when they are ripe. What is more, the price seems too high compared to more common fruits, such as oranges or bananas. Lastly, consumers do not see Vietnamese fruits at stores all that often.
COFFEE TASTE ANALYSIS OF AN ESPRESSO COFFEE USING NUCLEAR MAGNETIC SPECROSCOPY
Finnish consumer's acceptance towards Vietnamese fruits : case company: Veikko Laine Oy
Consumer perception and sensory analyses of pork flavour : effects of fatty acid composition and processing = Forbrukeroppfatning og sensorisk analyse av svinekjøtt : effekter av fettsyresammensetning og prosessering
Questions of taste : the philosophy of wine
Essential winetasting
Sensory evaluation of food : statistical methods and procedures
Sensory evaluation in quality control
Relating microstructure, sensory and instrumental texture of processed oat
Neuroenology : how the brain creates the taste of wine
Chemical senses and food quality perception : a literature review
Appetite : determinants and consequences of eating and drinking
Wine production and quality
Alcoholic beverages : sensory evaluation and consumer research
Consumer evaluation of scrab-resistant apple cultivars in Sweden
Applied sensory analysis of foods. Vol. 1
Sensory and food related perceptions of 8-, 9-, 10- and 11-year-old school children : baseline measurements
Laboratory methods for sensory analysis of food
Sensory evaluation of food : theory and practice
Tasting as a wine marketing tool : case: "Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl"
Annual variation in sensory characteristics of seventeen apple cultivars
Sensory evaluation practices
The physiology of taste, or Meditations on transcendental gastronomy
Flavor analysis : developments in isolation and characterization
Psychological basis of sensory evaluation
Principles of sensory evaluation of food
Sensory and consumer research in food product design and development
Sensory evaluation of food : principles and practices
Sensory and instrumental evaluation of alcoholic beverages
Time-intensity scaling : a literature review
The wine experience : a new method which will revolutionise the practice and art of wine-making
Beer, food, and flavor : a guide to tasting, pairing, and the culture of craft beer
Food acceptability
Coffee taste analysis of an espresso coffee using nuclear magnetic specroscopy
A psychology of food : more than a matter of taste
Hedonic responses to colour, sweetness, saltiness and fattiness in selected foods as related to corresponding attitudes and other behavioural measures
"A book with more than 75 recipes from an internationally acclaimed chef/brewer duo dedicated to elevating and pairing beer with high-end dining. The debut book by Danish gypsy brewer Jeppe Jarnit-Bjergs of the bar T rst, and Canadian chef Daniel Burns of the Michelin-starred restaurant Luksus -- both in a shared space in Greenpoint, Brooklyn where they elevate beer to the level of wine in fine dining. With a dialogue running throughout the book, Food & Beer examines the vision and philosophy of this duo at the forefront of a new gastronomic movement. With a stunning, bold aesthetic, the design will highlight the dual visions of the authors and the spaces -- T rst, which is more rustic and relaxed, and Luksus, which is more sleek and refined. Foreword by internationally renowned chef Ren e Redzepi, co-owner of Noma in Copenhagen." --
Food packages in microwave oven heating
Flavor chemistry and technology
