http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3451 tourist areas
tourist areas
The Mediterranean passion : Victorians and Edwardians in the South
Visitor destinations
Abstract.
The effect of the tourism of the Hortobágy National Park on the surrounding settlements : lesson of a questionnaire survey
Arctic tourism and global tourism trends
Outlining sustainable tourism development in the North : current issues and need for information
Tourism strategies and local responses in Southern Africa
Tourist`s experience of place
Rural tourism and recreation : principles to practice
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Double strategy towards sustainable tourism : offers for visitors and opportunities for people employed in tourism in the Wadden Sea National Park in Schleswig-Holstein
North America : a tourism handbook
Sustainable tourism in nature areas
Business tourism in Russia : overview and SWOT analysis
Research on ecological and social sustainability of nature tourism in northern Finland
Sustainable tourism in Southern Africa : local communities and natural resources in transition
Manpower in the tourist industry in Finland : knowing is future
Tourists' interest in participating sustainability activities while travelling
Trends affecting tourism in protected areas
The future of the Arctic and the prospective Arctic business opportunities have been studied from Oulu region's perspective in two separate projects. Observations from these projects form the core of this article. Conceptualisation of the Arctic is a crucial precondition when processing Arctic themes and topics. The Arctic can be interpreted as special conditions and operations and know-how related to them or the Arctic can be defined as a location of various economic activities related to Arctic resources. It is suggested that by focusing on the strategic significance, networking by creating business-oriented clusters and increasing visibility by highlighting and promoting Arctic expertise it would be possible to clarify Arctic concepts and business opportunities. Versatile information presented in approachable and illustrative form should be combined with appropriate promotion of the different aspects of the Arctic. The gap between public policy and private sector actions should be narrowed with all means possible.
Re-investing authenticity : tourism, place and emotions
Tourism resources in eastern Europe : Poland Hungary Czechoslovakia Yugoslavia Bulgaria
The world of private islands
International tourism : Salo area as a case study
Backpacking Tourism in Tampere
Tourism in Antarctica : a multidisciplinary view of new activities carried out on the white continent
Destination branding in a country context : a case study of Finland in British market
Fundamentals of planning and developing tourism
Ricordo Italiano = A souvenir of Italy = Souvenir Italien = Andenken an Italien = Recuerdo Italiano
Sustainable Model for Arctic Regional Tourism (SMART) : final report
Polar tourism : tourism in the Arctic and Antarctic regions
Ship-based polar tourism in the Northeast Passage : a case study
Nature-based tourism in Mallorcas natural areas : the benefits of tourism for natural areas
Recreation and tourism induced changes in northern boreal environments
Locations such as geodetic lines, geographical extreme points and national boundaries fascinate tourists because of their specific character, and therefore many of these have become significant tourist attractions and resources for tourism development. The aim of this paper is to conceptualize specific locations, and to analyse their development from a point or a line into a tourist attraction. In addition, the production of specific character is discussed. The transformation of specific locations into tourist attractions is approached through four cases in Northern Europe. Each of the cases is discussed using Dean MacCannell's model of sight sacralization in order to test its applicability in the empirical context. It is noted that specific locations develop into attractions in a series of stages, but the model of sight sacralization does not fully explain their transformation or their specific character. The stages may occur in different order, they can be overlapping or same stage can take place several times during the process. Furthermore, the development of specific locations does not end to the last stage of the model. It is suggested that specific locations should be approached more widely through social and political processes that influence their production and development.
Tourism monitoring system based on the concept of carrying capacity : the case of the regional natural park Pfyn-Finges (Switzerland)
Transit
Abstract (s. 8-9)
Polar tourism : an environmental perspective
Polar tourism in the northeast passage : from the Antarctic to the Arctic : a case study
Prospects for polar tourism
National parks in Italy : sustainable tourism marketing strategies
Managing tourism destinations
Sustainable tourism and large protected areas : analysis models and success criteria of a sustainable tourism management using the example of the Alps
European tourism : Tamara Rátz with the contribution of Róbert Kiss
Rural tourism : an introduction
Performance indicators for tourism destinations in Asia and the Pacific region
Looking for the role of nature experiences in planning and decision making : : a perspective from the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Arctic Business Potential from Oulu Region's Perspective : Opportunities and Obstacles
Summary: A guide to tourism studies.
The usability of the environmental management system in the Rokua area
Going north : peripheral tourism in Canada and Sweden
Cross-border Cooperation in Barents Tourism: Insights from Finnish Lapland
The influence of the accomodation sector on tourism development and its sustainability : case study: Strand Camping, Larsmo
Impacts of cultural tourism in developing nations : Bomas of Kenya
Cultural tourism forms an important component of international tourism in our world today. It represents movements of people motivated by cultural intents such as study tours, performing arts, festivals, cultural events, visits to sites and monuments, as well as travel for pilgrimages. Cultural tourism is not new, since ancient times it has been a motivation for travel, although only among a tiny minority of the general public.  However it is only since the early 1980s that cultural tourism has been recognized as distinct from recreational tourism. This paper examines the impacts of this kind of tourism around the Bomas of Kenya Cultural Centre. The quantitative approach was used through conducting a survey in form of a questionnaire.    The general results shows that the locals in the area feel that there is a positive progress in terms of development of infrastructures in the area. The same case they highly feel that social and environmental impacts have eroded in a negative aspect more than positive way. This is when it comes to waste disposal and sewage systems which have been poorly managed. Despite that the center has created jobs for the few, the local people seem not to be happy with the expansion of the center due to cutting down of trees and also displacement of some.
Sustainable Tourism Development Strategy 2011 : Syöte National Park
Travel geography
Current methodology and future challenges of protected area planning and management frameworks
Cool camping. Europe
Measures for developing sustainability of nature tourism in protected areas
The research conducted is about the brand image of a tourism destination studied at the tourism destination Black Forest in Germany. The research problem that is elaborated further is based on how the brand image of the Black Forest can be enhanced. There is little research done yet about branding tourism destinations. As branding gets more and more important more attention to branding destinations should be drawn. Furthermore it is very interesting to find out people's motives of travelling to a particular destination. With choosing to travel to a destination the destination image plays therefore an important role.  In this research it is tried to find out the main associations and characteristics people connect with the Black Forest. Therefore a questionnaire is carried out with a number of potential as well as current or former tourists of the Black Forest. The questionnaire was carried out by e-mail, personally in a tourism information office and in a typical Black Forest hotel. The time span the questionnaire was carried out and evaluated were about 4 weeks. The main associations concerning the Black Forest were nature, tradition and hospitality. Surprisingly many older respondents ranked the Black Forest as being eventful. As main activities the majority stated hiking or going for walks in the nature. Furthermore families and best agers were chosen as the tourist group the Black Forest is best suited for. Hiking/biking holidays and recreation holidays were ranked over skiing or camping holidays.  To conclude it was suggested to advertise the Black Forest more consistently and therefore choose fewer associations as well in order to market the destination better and more effectively. This should also enhance and strengthen the destination image people have. In addition to that it is important to make more attractive offers for younger travellers as well. Furthermore the brand awareness of foreign people especially from Europe has to be raised with marketing campaigns for example.
Managing coastal tourism resorts : a global perspective
Actor-networks of Northern lights tourism in Iceland, Norway and Finland
Information on recreation and tourism in spatial planning in the Swedish mountains : methods and need for knowledge
Resort destinations : evolution, management and development
Contemporary issues in tourism development
The tourism area life cycle, vol. 2 : conceptual and theoretical issues
Resorts and regional development at the local level : cores in a periphery
Network brand management : study of competencies of place branding ski destinations
Tourism in the Antarctic : opportunities, constraints, and future prospects
The essence of wellbeing tourism : case Peurunka
Destination branding : creating the unique destination proposition
Regional and structural patterns of tourism in Finland
Mediterranean islands and sustainable tourism development : practices, management and policies
Sustainable tourism in biosphere reserves of East Central European coutries : case studies from Slovakia, Hungary and the Czech Republic
The brand image of a tourism destination : a case study of the destination image of the Black Forest region
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Tourism planning : basics, concepts, cases
Luisa Wolter examines the travel motivations and interests of natural park visitors to Mallorca with a special focus on sustainable tourism development. The data for the study were collected from tourists in the two natural parks sAlbufera and Llevant in the North of Mallorca. Based on the results of the analysis, natural area managers can develop new products and marketing strategies that address their very own visitors, contribute to the sustainable development of their region, and influence the visitors views and behaviors by raising environmental awareness. Contents Sustainability Nature-Based Tourism Tourist Demand Impacts Target Groups Researchers, students, and professionals in the field of tourism, destination marketing and management The Author Luisa Wolter completed her bachelors degree in Tourism Management and her masters degree in Tourism and Destination Development at the University of Applied Sciences Hochschule Harz, Wernigerode.
Am stein [sic] : an intervention for enhancing the tourism in the alpine region
Community-based tourism in the Asia-Pacific
Arctic business potential from Oulu region's perspective – opportunities and obstacles
Europe's greatest places  : the most amazing travel destinations in Europe
Nature-based tourism in Russia : a situational analysis
Rural tourism and sustainable business
World geography of travel and tourism : a regional approach
Ecotourism in the Annapurna Conservation Area in Nepal
In this article, general and regional patterns of tourism in Finland are compared with the preconditions for tourism development. A new model of the 'regionalism' of Finland's tourism is presented. A comparison of regional tourism demand (actual tourist flows) with preconditions and supply shows that actual tourism development does not yet correspond sufficiently to the predominant image of Finland as a destination of nature-based recreation activities. The author suggests the promotion of tourism by means of a new image of 'modern periphery' and its specific application to different tourist segments and nationalities.
The business of resort management
Community perceptions to climate change in Finnish Lapland : examining vulnerabilities and adaptive responses to the changing characteristics of Arctic tourism
Tourism in Russia : an introductory report
Barents tourism : action plan (2nd edition)
100 places you will never visit
Tourism: 2020 vision : influences, directional flows and key trends : executive summary
The development of specific locations into tourist attractions: cases from Northern Europe
The purpose of this research-based thesis is to examine the development of tourism in the island of Ibiza. Thus, the research question of this study is: How has tourism been   developed in Ibiza?    In order to better understand the changes that a tourism destination goes through, two main issues are addressed within this research. These issues are related to Butler's destination life cycle model (TALC).The first research issue is to identify and describe the development stages associated with destinations that shape the TALC curve. The second research issue is to identify the different features and units of analysis related to the stages of development. Based on the TALC model and the literature reviewed in accordance to the issues, a theoretical framework is created. This framework is used as a base on which to build Ibiza's life cycle curve and, consequently, answer the research question stated above.    The position taken for this research is qualitative methodology and the selected research strategy is case study. In order to document tourism developments through time it is necessary to examine a diverse range of secondary data sources. The main secondary data sources are publications regarding Ibiza which are largely available in Spanish and Catalan. In addition, statistical data like tourism related figures are obtained from the island's annual statistic reports. The study covers the years 1900-2008, with the main emphasis being on 1960-2008, a period of rapid tourism industry expansion in the region.     The research for the thesis started in early September 2008 and is completed at the end of November. Ibiza's life cycle curve is built and a descriptive framework is created to help analyse the development phases of the curve. The analysis follows a stage by stage format starting from the exploration stage and going through involvement, development, consolidation, stagnation and post-stagnation stage.    In summary, it was discovered that Ibiza's life cycle curve follows closely the model proposed in the framework even though various deviations related to external factors influenced the final shape of the curve. Hence, the development stages that Ibiza as a tourism destination has gone through are exploration, involvement, development, consolidation and stagnation. The final stage is further divided into three additional stages; rejuvenation, temporary decline and rejuvenation.
Summary.
Defining arcticity: phenomenological study on tourists' understanding of arctic
Tourism and Nature Conservation in Koillismaa Region, Northern Finland
Management of recreation and nature based tourism in European forests
Worldwide destinations : the geography of travel and tourism
Arctic odyssey : travelling Arctic Europe
General principles for sustainable nature tourism in protected areas administrated by Metsähallitus, Finland
Caravan & camping France. 2009
The tourism area life cycle of Ibiza
Cultural tourism in Russia : a situational analysis
Tourism analysis : a handbook
Tourism : between place and performance
The attraction of islands : travellers and tourists in the Cyclades (Greece) in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries
Policies, methods and tools for visitor management : proceedings of the second International Conference on Monitoring and Management of Visitor Flows in Recreational and Protected Areas, June 16-20, 2004, Rovaniemi, Finland
The tourism area life cycle, vol. 1 : applications and modifications
Perception of the Arctic as Tourism Destination and Perspectives of its Utilization by Tourism Industry in Finnish Lapland
Vacationscape : developing tourist areas
Sustainable Tourism Development Strategy for Oulanka National Park 2011
Regional destination marketing and websites as marketing tool : Study case: Nature Park Lahn-Dill Bergland, Germany
Relations between IUCN-zoning and tourism in the Hungarian national parks
Demand for enhanced forest amenities in private lands : the case of the Ruka-Kuusamo tourism area, Finland
