http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3453 computer games
computer games
Creating a 3D Game Character Model
Midnight Club Los Angeles : complete edition : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Unity 3.x game development essentials : game development with C# and Javascript : build fully functional, professional 3D games with realistic environments, sound, dynamic effects, and more!
The field of Games is rapidly expanding, prompting institutions throughout the world to create game development programs and courses focusing on educational games. As a result, games have also become a hot topic in the area of educational technology research. This increased interest is due to the technological advancement of digital games and the fact that a new, digital generation is emerging with a strong gaming background. Games: Purpose and Potential in Education focuses on the issues of incorporating games into education and instructional design. Ideas of identity development, gender diversity, motivation, and integrating instructional design within game development are addressed since each of these areas is important in the field of instructional design and can have a significant impact on learning. This volume brings together leading experts, researchers, and instructors in the field of gaming and explores current topics in gaming and simulations, available resources, and the future of the field.
Serious games as catalyst for intercultural literacy development? : a case study of Immigropoly
Regular show : Mordecai & Rigby in 8-bit land : Nintendo 3DS
Championship Manager 2010 : PC DVD-ROM
XNA 3.0 game programming recipes : a problem-solution approach
Surgery simulator 2011 : PC CD-ROM
Black light
Tetris worlds
Pojo's Unofficial big book of Pokemon
Learning C# by developing games with Unity 3D : learn the fundamentals of C# to create scripts for your GameObjects
Animation of a High-Definition 2d Fighting Game Character
Monetization of computer games
The Chinese mobile game market
Increasing beneficial interactions in a computer-supported collaborative environment
Abstract: From Vision to Reality: Making of a 3D Environment.
The quest trio : jewels, cards and tiles : Nintendo DS
Chessmaster
Unofficial Minecraft lab for kids : family-friendly projects for exploring and teaching math, science, history, and culture through creative building
Scooby-Doo! : first frights : PlayStation 2
Factors contributing to the buying decision of pc and video games : and their weight in the buying decision process
Need for speed : undercover : PlayStation 3
Writing for video game genres : from FPS to RPG
Monetization in computer games
Colin McRae rally 04
F.E.A.R. [3] : PlayStation 3
WRC - FIA world rally championship. 3 : PlayStation 3
Abstract: Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement. The increasing focus on efficiency and optimizing the way people think and work has led to a new area of serious gaming – cognitive games. The rise of modern web rendering technologies has enabled the creation of visually interesting cognitive games on browser based technologies. The goal of this study was to assess the applicability of using modern browser technologies to create a user centric cognitive gaming platform and the useof mathematical formulas in organic rendering. The approach discusses the current market situation and the products and methods of cognitive gaming as well as the technologies involved. The user centric approach is studied through user experience design as well as graphic design and animation aspects. The reference implementation is project CCA; a user centric cognitive gaming platform built on top of Adobe Flash that uses seemingly organic movement rendering. The technical implementation is discussed from the platform client-server aspect as well as an overview of the structure of the front end architecture. The rendering engine methods go through the 2D –based rendering of mathematical formulas, the use of continuous Bezier curves in organic movement and the creative ways of using Perlin noise to generate textures as well as movement. Optimization of complex rendering and platform building is an essential part of the process. The results show the viability of using modern browser based technologies in the creation of a cognitive gaming platform. Through the use of optimization and creative mathematical solutions, as well as tending to user experience needs a successful product is built. The project platform is used in medical trials, as well as the Science Changing the World Exhibition shown in science centers around Europe. This study stands as a testament to the possibilities of cognitive end user training and a guide on the aspects of building a successful gaming platform.
C++ game development cookbook : over 90 recipes to get you creating modern, fast, and high-quality games with C++
The ultimate unofficial encyclopedia for Minecrafters : an A-Z book of tips and tricks
Lego rock band : Wii
Children's learning in a digital world
Pirates of Black Cove : PC DVD-ROM
The ultimate video game quiz book
Designing a guiding and tutorial free beginning for a 3D role-playing game
Design implications for digital scratch-card games
Mall tycoon
The Powerpuff girls : Mojo Jojo's pet project
Tom Clancy's splinter cell trilogy : classics HD : PlayStation 3
Zumba fitness : join the party : PlayStation 3
Rayman raving rabbids : Wii
The poetic of the bit : the interpretation and textual processes of digital fiction from an ergodic semiotic perspective.
Gaming live! : your guide to video game livestreaming
The year is 2029, and the promise of a new age of human augmentation is in ruins. Awakening in the aftermath of a changed world, augmented ex-cop and former security operative Adam Jensen struggles to find answers. In a world shattered by secrets, can the truth be brought into the light?
Monkey Island : special edition collection : PC DVD-ROM
My fitness coach : dance workout : Wii
In which year was the Atari Lynx released? To which character are Pikmin sidekicks? Who was on the cover of Fifa 95? And is Mario Teaches Typing a real game? This fantastic quiz book contains six hundred questions (and answers!) to test your knowledge, from basics a total noob would know all the way through to trivia that would challenge Satoru Iwata himself. With sections including bestsellers, genres, anagrams, henchmen, collectables, accessories and many more, this is an excellent addition to any gamer’s bookshelf.
The Tetris effect : the cold war battle for the world's most addictive game
World championship sports : Wii
Pandora Walker unwittingly unleashes cyber Armageddon on her seventeenth birthday and must play a virtual reality game in order to save the world.
Game art : art from 40 video games and interviews with their creators
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
The art of computer game design
The goal of this thesis was to develop a prototype of a need-based artificial intelligence (AI) for a computer game. The thesis wasn't commissioned by a third party, but was done out of my own interest and to improve my know-how. The AI was developed for Spaceship Captain, a game I have been working on for some time. Spaceship Captain is a story focused, 2D-life simulation/role-playing game for PC. The game’s central feature is random generated non-playable characters and their social AI, highly reminiscent of the AI seen in The Sims. As the complete AI was going to be too complex subject for a thesis, I instead decided to only cover the need-based functionality. The prototype was developed with Unity and Microsoft Visual Studio. The most important methods for developing the prototype were finite state machines, fuzzy logic, navigation meshes and smart objects. The AI of The Sims was used as a jumping-off as it's also need-based. Instead of taking the needs that The Sims uses though, Maslow's hierarchy of needs was used a base instead and later modified further. The AI prototype was successfully developed, though not as expansively as first envisioned. Only a handful of the designed needs made their way into the prototype, but this ultimately wasn't a real issue, as implementing all of the needs as designed, they would've needed additional systems to accompany them. The core of the need-based functionality was however developed as planned. During the writing of this thesis, a handful of points of improvement were discovered with the prototype, but as again they weren't something to be dealt with within the scope of the thesis, they were left for future development.
Animated low poly characters
WRC - FIA world rally championship. 2 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
MotoGP 10/11 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Modern Videogame Technology: Trends and Innovation
Cooking mama world : hobbies & fun : Nintendo DS
This paper provides an overview of the GraphoGame method. Both theoretical and methodological aspects related to the method are presented. The method's guiding principles are based on the prevailing theories and experimental research findings on learning and teaching basic reading skills in alphabetic languages, especially from the point of view of a struggling reader. Because the nature of the target language and its relation to its writing system play central roles in the GraphoGame method, this approach requires the method to be flexible in order to be valid for learners of different languages and orthographies. Thus, the aim of the developed technology is to provide an appropriate reading support tool for all learners—from struggling learners to typical learners—in any language environment. We present an overview of results gained from GraphoGame intervention studies as well as challenges for the usability of the method.
Developing cloud business models: A case study on cloud gaming
Game development with unity
"The number of publications dealing with video game studies has exploded over the course of the last decade, but the field has not yet produced a comprehensive reference work. The Routledge Companion to Video Game Studies, by well-known video game scholars Mark Wolf and Bernard Perron, aims to address the on-going theoretical and methodological development of game studies, providing students, scholars, and game designers with a definitive look at contemporary video game studies. Features include: -comprehensive and interdisciplinary models and approaches for analyzing video games; -new perspectives on video games both as art form and cultural phenomenon; -explorations of technical and creative dimensions of video games; -accounts of the economical, political, social, and cultural dynamics of video games"--
The lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring
From Vision to Reality: Making of a 3D Environment
Games : purpose and potential in education / Christopher Thomas Miller, editor
Band hero : PlayStation 3
Do non player characters dream of electric sheep? : a thesis about players, NPCs, immersion and believability
Beginning 3D game development with unity 4
The Improvements for Indie Game Development
Top spin. 4 : Wii
From sprites to models : graphic technologies for independent game developers : case: Opioid Interactive
The gamification of learning and instruction : game-based methods and strategies for training and education
The Pagemaster
Informal roles within eSport teams : a content analysis of the game 'Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
From sprites to models : case: Opioid Interactive
Computer games and team and individual learning
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Sewero La-ma-u - a phonetic approach to literacy teaching in Zambia
With this guide to the basics, you'll get in on the game of digital game design while you learn the skills required for storyboarding, character creation, environment creation, level design, programming, and testing. - Teaches basic skill sets in the context of current systems, genres, and game-play styles. Demonstrates how to design for different sectors within gaming including console, PC, handheld, and mobile. Explores low-poly modeling for game play. Addresses character and prop animation, lighting and rendering, and environment design. Discusses the path from concept to product, including pre- and post-production. Includes real-world scenarios and interviews with key studio and industry professionals.
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Market Analysis on Virtual Reality Games in Finland : Case Vivendi
MotoGP 09/10 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Rayman raving rabbids : PC DVD-ROM
Top spin. 4 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
"Hit 'em where it hurts the most" - exploring the humor of an attack on a gaming funeral
Band hero : Wii
Teaching with technologies : the essential guide
The settlers. 7 : Paths to a kingdom : PC DVD-ROM
Technology trees and tools : constructing development graphs for digital games
Colin McRae rally 2.0
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : case Spaceship Captain -prototype
Terraria : exploration and adventure handbook
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement
WRC - FIA world rally championship : PC DVD-ROM
Researching potential customers for the video game as a service in the European market
Game mods : design, theory and criticism
Serious game design : supporting collaborative learning and investigating learners' experiences
Language learning through networked computer games : the case of an efficient novice
Lego rock band : PlayStation 3
Vacation isle - beach party : Wii
English elements in the spoken discourse of Finnish teenagers playing an English video game
SBK X : Superbike world championship : PC DVD-ROM
Procedural content generation for Unity game development : harness the power of procedural content generation to design unique games with Unity
Similarities between Playing World of Warcraft and CLIL
Need for speed : rivals : PlayStation 3
Realm of Racket : learn to program, one game at a time!
The eye of minds
Star wars : Battlefront : twilight company
The calling
Abstract: From sprites to models : graphic technologies for independent game developers : case: Opioid Interactive.
A new beginning : PC DVD-ROM
Zumba fitness : join the party : Wii
Driving simulator 2009 : PC DVD-ROM
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
SBK 2011 FIM superbike world championship : Xbox 360
Players Unleashed! Modding The Sims and the Culture of Gaming
Lean pre-production for independent game development
'Gaming Live!' provides a complete guide to live streaming and gaming. It features exclusive interviews directly from the biggest YouTube and Twitch stars in the world. It's an essential guide for anyone and everyone who wants to get involved with the incredible world of live streaming!
Lego rock band : Xbox 360
GraphoGame Method: The Theoretical and Methodological Background of the Technology-Enhanced Learning Environment for Learning to Read
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
The almost well done game project : case atudy of the anti-patterns in the development process of Urban Empire
Large-scale water simulation in games
Motorbike racing pack : PlayStation 3
The Routledge companion to video game studies
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
Need for speed : most wanted : PlayStation 3
Learn Unity for 2D game development
Monetization of free-to-play mobile games
Beginning DirectX 11 Game Programming
Game design secrets : do what you never thought possible to market and monetize your iOS, Facebook, and Web games
Pitfall : the big adventure : Wii
Xplosiv : Sega worldwide soccer
"Features interviews with game developers and discussion of the creative process behind video game development. Includes full-color artwork and concept art from 40 video games"
Learn Lua for iOS game development
Videogames and art
SBK 2011FIM superbike world championship : PlayStation 3
NBA 2K11 : PlayStation 3
My fitness coach club : PlayStation 3
Evaluations of an experiental gaming model
MotoGP 10/11 : PlayStation 3
Game character design complete : using 3ds Max 8 and Adobe Photoshop CS2
Testing user experience in tablet game graphics
Integrating 3d into the 2d game character work flow
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Advergaming developer's guide : using Macromedia Flash MX 2004 and Director MX
NBA 2K11 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Dragon age : the stolen throne
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
Technology integration in context-aware learning spaces
Lean Pre-production for Independent Game Development
Steam Greenlight for first-time developers : explaining Steam Greenlight from a game developer's perspective
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
Game coding complete
The Chinese Mobile Game Market
Tripleplay plus! Japanese
The next level of research on electronic play : potential benefits and contextual influences for children and adolescents
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Simisle : missions in the rainforest
Top spin. 4 : PlayStation 3
The role of business model in computer game development organizations
From Vision to Reality : Making of a 3D Environment
Tiivistelmä: From Vision to Reality: Making of a 3D Environment
Superstars V8 : next challenge : PC DVD-ROM
Game party champions : Wii U
Flash 10 multiplayer game essentials : create exciting real-time multiplayer games using Flash
Need for speed : rivals : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
My fitness coach club : Wii
Computer-aided game design
Game party in motion : Xbox 360, Xbox live, Kinect
Learning professionals are finding success applying game-based sensibilities to the development of instruction. This is the first book to show how to design online instruction that leverages the best elements of online games to increase learning, retention, and application. It explains how to match different game strategies to types of learning content for the right learning outcome and discusses how gamification techniques can be used in a variety of settings to improve learning, retention and application of knowledge. Supported by peer-reviewed studies and examples from corporations who have adopted game-based learning successfully, the book illustrates how combining instructional design thinking with game concepts can create engaged and interactive learning experiences across a variety of media, from online to face-to-face.
After two hundred years of exile, King Maric has allowed the legendary Grey Wardens to finally return to Ferelden. When they come home, however, they bring dire news: one of their own has escaped into the Deep Roads and aligned himself with their ancient enemy, the monstrous darkspawn.  The Grey Wardens need Maric's help, and he reluctantly agrees to lead them into the passages he traveled through many years before, chasing after a deadly secret that will threaten to destroy not only the Grey Wardens but also the kingdom above.
Need for speed : rivals : Xbox One
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
Band hero : PlayStation 2
MotoGP 09/10 : PlayStation 3
WRC - FIA world rally championship. 2 : PlayStation 3
Cloudy with a chance of meat balls : PC DVD-ROM
Human computer interaction in game design
Writing for visual media
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : Case Spaceship Captain –prototype
Observations on possible use of the "Literate" game on poor readers in a multicultural classroom setting
Soittopeli : PlaySingMusic
How to do business in Finland : researching and organizing a database of knowledge for a cultural training game
Game programming all in one
Player authentication based on mouse and keyboard dynamics
Animation of a high-definition 2d fighting game character
New perspectives from Japan and China
Lost : the video game
Bust-a-move 3DX
The settlers II : 10th anniversary [edition]
Need for speed : most wanted : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
