http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3463 weapons
weapons
The problem of chemical and biological warfare. Vol. 1, The rise of CB weapons
Is all fair in law and war : the legality of collateral damage in targeted killings with drones : discussion particularly in the context of CIA drone attacks in Pakistan
The Rifle book : the comprehensive one-volume guide to the world's shoulder guns
The arms trade and international systems
Weapons of war : from axes to war hammers. Weapons from the age of hand-to-hand fighting
The gun-maker's gift
SMALL ARMS IN PROFILE 1.
Swedish summary - Sammanfattning.
The Wehrmacht 1935-1945 : the essential facts and figures for Hitler's German
The book of guns & gunsmiths
The pleasure of guns : the intricate and beautiful work of famous gunsmiths
The illustrated encyclopedia of knives, daggers & bayonets : an authoritative and visual directory of sharp-edged weapons and blades from around the world
The archaeology of weapons : arms and armour from prehistory to the age of chivalry
Soul eater. 17
Bernard Brodie and the bomb : at the birth of the bipolar world
The Story of the Gun
Epidemiological study on trends and characteristics of suicide among children and adolescents in Finland
The quest for a European strategic culture : changing norms on security and defence in the European Union
Amateur gunsmithing
Military small arms of the 20th century
Warsaw Pact infantry and its weapons : manportable weapons and equipment in service with the regular and reserve forces of the Soviet Union, Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, German Democratic Republic, Hungary, Poland and Rumania, and of Yugoslavia
The economic costs and the political allure of conscription
Handguns of the world
Firearms
The sixth gun. book 5 : Winter wolves
THE TREASURE OF SPORTING GUNS
The sixth gun. book 1 : cold dead fingers
The lore of arms
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 10, häft. 1-12, 1964-66
Raising the stakes : the need for a more ambitious American policy towards Iran
S. 60-63: Warrior words. - S. 64: Index
The First World War in 100 objects
Chinese weapons
The sixth gun. book 8: Hell and high water
Enforcing the laws of anarchical society : the case of Iran in the United Nations Security Council
Recognizing and understanding revolutionary change in warfare : the sovereignty of context
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 9, häft. 1-12, 1961-63
Biohazard : the chilling true story of the largest covert biological weapons program in the world, told from the inside by the man who ran it
Arms control : issues for the public
Arms & armour
The illustrated directory of modern Soviet weapons
The long march to power : the new historic mission of the People's Liberation Army
Russia's approach to arms control, peace mediation and national dialogues
Rifles and pistols
Controversies over missile defense in Europe
Building a police force "for the good" in DR Congo : questions that still haunt reformers and reform beneficiaries
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 5, häft. 1-12, 1949-52
Soul eater. 6
Samurai swords : a collector's guide to Japanese swords
Napalm and other incendiary weapons and all aspects of their possible use : report of the Secretary-General
The paper reconsiders the relative efficiency of the draft versus the professional army in the case where countries belong to different risk classes. We refute the earlier result that the welfare with a draft is always lower than with a professional army. The welfare comparison is shown to depend on the national security determined by the risk class of the country. The existence of the reserve strengthens the case for the draft army. We use Israel, Finland, and Sweden as examples of countries which belong to different risk classes with different approaches to the optimal national defense.
As one of the major actors on the scene of international politics, Russia also impacts the various efforts of arms control, conflict settlement and mediation. This pertains to issues such as the Syrian conflict, nuclear proliferation in the case of Iran or various conflicts part of the post-Soviet space. Success or failure in these efforts has considerable significance for the conduct of international relations, including Russia's own standing on the international scene. In particular, the approach adopted has impacted the chances of capitalizing on regionalization as an asset potentially bolstering Russia's weight and influence. In addition to outlining the Russian approach to arms control, conflict settlement and mediation more generally, the various contributions included in the book set out to probe the policies pursued in the case of specific conflicts such as those unfolding in the Southern Caucasus as well as Moldova. In this context the only resolved post-Soviet conflict consists of that pertaining to Tajikistan whereas all other may be described as 'frozen conflicts'. Particular attention is devoted to the case of Nagorno-Karabakh and the various efforts to address and settle that conflict. Out of the various 'rozen' conflicts part of the post-Soviet space, it stands perhaps out as the 'hottest' one, although competes for attention and need of analysis with other conflictual issues in the region.
The sixth gun. book 7: Not the bullet, but the fall
Ballistic logistic
The nightmare
MILITARY SMALLARMS OF THE 20TH CENTURY
Arms and armour
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Illustrated history of pistols, revolvers and submachine guns : a fascinating guide to small arms development covering the early history through to the modern age
Junk feminism and nuclear wannabes : collaging parodies of Iran and North Korea
An historical guide to arms & armour
WEAPONS / TUNIS
White arms of the Royal armoury
Traitor
Prevention of transportation and handling defects and development of reel packing for UPM Base Papers Tervasaari
An illustrated history of the weapons of World War Two : a comprehensive directory of the military weapons used in World War Two, from field artillery and tanks to torpedo boats and night fighters, with more than 180 photographs
Weapons of the Ancient World
The trials
Cluster munitions in Albania and Lao PDR : the humanitarian and socio-economic impact
The gun dibest book of exploder
The complete illustrated history of World War II : a concise authorative account of one of the deadliest conflicts in human history with analysis of decisive encounters and landmark engagements
Dr. Grordbort presents Victory : scientific adventure violence for young men & literate women. Vol. 127
Soul eater. 1
The sword of Albion
The making of Terne : the first Norwegian weapons system 1953-1962
Soul eater. 18
Jane's weapon systems
Soul eater. 12
A cost increase alaysis of weapon systems using the Paache index : cases from the German Bunderwehr
Military draft and economic growth in OECD countries
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
The encyclopedia of weaponry
The development of Russian military policy and Finland
The M16
Knights and castles
Soul eater. 5
The programme. [Book one]
Soldiering and the making of Finnish manhood : conscription and masculinity in interwar Finland, 1918-1939
Register of conventional arms : information booklet
To draft or not to draft : an alternative view
Matchlocks to flintlocks : warfare in Europe and beyond 1500-1700
Soul eater. 13
Constructing national security : U.S. relations with India and China
Warriors and weapons 3000 B.C. to A.D. 1700 in colour
The sixth gun. book 3 : Bound
Reducing the threat of biological weapons : panel discussions held between 2000 and 2003
The Fighting Man : the Illustrated History of the World's Greatest Fighting Forces through the Ages
Fighting techniques of the early modern world, AD 1500 - AD 1763 : equipment, combat skills and tactics
Chemical & biological weapons in our times
Soul eater. 10
Mega book of weapons & warfare : discover the most amazing weapons and warfare on earth!
The chemical industry and the projected chemical weapons convention. Vol. 1
Assault and precision weapons
Automation of Zircon Blasting for Barrel and Receiver Combination : Investment Project
Only war : core rulebook : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
The political economy of conscription
Pre-invasion history and demography shape the genetic variation in the insecticide resistance-related acetylcholinesterase 2 gene in the invasive Colorado potato beetle
Weapons of vengeance : Three of the best secret weapons Commando comic book adventures
The sixth gun. book 2 : crossroads
Edged weapons
Soul eater. 19
The illustrated guide to viking martial arts
Soul eater. 14
The secret of the swordfish. Part 3 : SX1 strikes back
The great tanks
THE ILLUSTRATED DIRECTORY OFMODERN WEAPONS
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 7, häft. 1-12, 1955-57
The complete handgun : 1300 to the present
Understanding military technology
Who was fooling whom?
The illustrated book of pistols
This Discussion Paper provides insights into the challenges posed by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in West Africa, paying particular attention to the ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons as a collective sub-regional response to a potent threat to peace, security and development. It connects global and regional discourses on illicit arms control and provides a balanced, empirical examination of the performance of the convention. It is a useful contribution to debates on arms-proliferation control in Africa and provides well-informed recommendations of interest to scholars, peace activists, policy practitioners and strategists working on peace and security in Africa
SMALL ARMS OF THE WORLD / EZELL
The art and making of Star Wars : the old rebublic
Soul eater. 2
Soul eater. 9
Standard catalog of firearms
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 5
Weapons & warfare
Japanese swords : Cultural icons of a nation ; The history, metallurgy and iconography of the Samurai swords
What roles and missions for Europe's military and security forces in the 21st century?
Bomb hunters : in Afganistan with Britain's elite bomb disposal unit
The analysis of competing hypotheses (ACH) in the assessment of chemical warfare activities
The sixth gun. book 4 : A town called penance
Soul eater. 15
The sixth gun. book 6 : Ghost dance
The police in DRC are indeed a permanent domestic risk. The lack of policy, service or management regime for the acquisition of equipment explains the deficient, dilapidated, obsolete and very often inappropriate equipment. Moreover, police units have very weak operational capacity and police officers lack self-confidence and pride in their profession. These shabbily dressed men and women in faded uniforms daily develop an indifferent attitude towards their profession and work in general. Inefficient and ineffective, the Congolese policeforce is wholly demoralised and unprofessional. This has negatively affected the relationship between police and population. It has led to the withdrawal of people's cooperation, a must for successful police work and for meeting people's expectations.
Powder and ball small arms : Live firing classic military weapons in colour photographs
The problem of chemical and biological warfare : a study of the historical, technical, military, legal and political aspects of CBW, and possible disarmament measures. Vol. 2, CB weapons today
To draft or not to draft : efficiency, generational incidence, and political economy of military conscription
The Coming of the Space Age : Famous Accounts of Man's Probing of the Universe
Secret weapons : technology, science and the race to win World War II
An illustrated history of guns and small arms
Arms control and proliferation challenges to the reset policy
Reliability and validity of the Finnish version of the American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons Standardized Shoulder Assessment Form, patient self-report section
The chemical industry and the projected chemical weapons convention. Vol. 2
Soul eater. 16
The gun and its development
The Challenge of sub-regional security in West Africa : the case of the 2006 ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons
The history and development of small arms
Firearms encyclopedia
Soul eater. 20
The secret of the swordfish. Part 2 : Mortimer's escape
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 6
MG 34 and MG 42 machine guns
Soul eater not. 2
Conscription : economic costs and political allure
Warriors
Commitment to the military among Finnish conscripts
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 6, häft. 1-12, 1952-54
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 4
Warriors and weapons of early times in colour
The sixth gun. Dust to death
Modern small arms
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 11, häft. 1-12, 1967-69
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Soul eater. 8
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education? : evidence from OECD countries
The author provides a critical audit of the great RMA debate and of some actual RMA behavior and warns against a transformation that is highly potent only in a narrow range of strategic cases. He warns that the military effectiveness of a process of revolutionary change in a "way of war" can only be judged by the test of battle, and possibly not even then, if the terms of combat are very heavily weighted in favor of the United States. On balance, the concept of revolutionary change is found to be quite useful, provided it is employed and applied with some reservations and in a manner that allows for flexibility and adaptability. The contexts of warfare, especially the political, determine how effective a transforming military establishment will be.
In Situ Formation of Steroidal Supramolecular Gels Designed for Drug Release
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 8, häft. 1-12, 1958-60
Soul eater. 11
The current U.S. reset policy with Russia involves efforts to blaze a path of mutual cooperation on arms control and proliferation. In arms control, we see determined administration attempts to promote greater nuclear reductions in the direction of nuclear zero, including reductions in tactical nuclear weapons. This necessarily leads Moscow to raise issues of missile defense in Europe that it vehemently opposes. This monograph analyzes Russia's position on these arms control issues and examines the chances for the United States to achieve its arms control goals in the foreseeable future. It also looks at the Russian position with regard to the main nonproliferation issues of Iran and North Korea, what the implications of these positions are for the achievement of U.S. policy goals, and what the United States might do with regard to Russia to advance those goals in a dynamic international environment.
The Highwaymen
The complete illustrated history of World War I : a concise authorative account of the course of the Great War, with analysis of decisive encounters and landmark engagements
Gun tools : their history and identification. 2
The first real world war and the emerging nuclear holocaust
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 4, häft. 1-12, 1946-48
South African war machine
Modern warships and submarines
Retribution
Soul eater not. 1
The secret of the swordfish. Part 1 : The incredible chase
The Visual dictionary of special military forces
Iran's nuclear programme : towards de-esclation of a nuclear crisis
An illustrated guide to the techniques and equipment of electronic warfare
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education : evidence from OECD countries
Small arms of the world : the basic manual of military small arms : American - Soviet - British - Czech - German - French - Belgian - Italian - Swiss - Japanese and all other important nations
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal Armoury. 1997-98
Weapons through the ages
High-tech warfare : the weaponry explained
Midnight in Europe
The care and maintenance of cyberweapons
Gun tools : their history and identification
Why the concerns about chemical and biological warfare and terrorism now?
The catch : a novel
Modelling of ecological risks related to sea-dumped chemical weapons : MERCW deliverable 2.1 ; synthesis report of the available data
The law relating to firearms
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Incendiary weapons : a SIPRI monograph
The book of lies
The international arms review 1.
The eidolon
Illicit flows and African security
The last year of the German army : May 1944 - May 1945
Fighting men of World War II. Allied Forces : uniforms, equipment and weapons
How to draw & fight zombies
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
