http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3466 traffic
traffic
Benchmarking passenger air transport marketing activities in Vietnam : case company: Etihad Airways
Design of layout rearrangement of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Telecommunications and transport 1995 : the Helsinki region
Transport for disabled people : international coordination and standardisation of measures and policies to promote mobility
Transport in the 1990s : Commission of the European Communities
Software Defined Radio for Wireless Sensors & Cognitive Networks
Connected vehicles : can V2V communication and internet connectivity improve safety?
Are there limits to traffic volume growth? : Lectio praecursoria - the introductory lecture of public defence of doctorate thesis
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2015:II
Tourism management : managing for change
Air Cargo Trailer Operations Between Finland And The Netherlands : Can Freight Frame Oy Enter The Competition?
Worldwide destinations : the geography of travel and tourism
Transport
Low educational performance is associated with drunk driving : a 31-year follow-up of the Northern Finland birth cohort
Reducing Emissions by Practical Solutions in Port of Mussalo
Security testing of base station controller
Cost leadership as an airline strategy : the European model - theory and implementation
Modern transport geography
Strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from road transport : analytical methods
Multi-channel solutions for interactive services : channels and their rates of interactivity
Traffic : why we drive the way we do (and what it says about us)
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Port of Helsinki : anno 1973.
Automatic Dependent Surveillance – Broadcast System : An Overview of the System and Retrofitting to Older Aircraft
Towards intelligent and sustainable transport by 2025 : background, targets and indicators
Transport : new problems, new solutions : introductory reports and summary of discussions, Luxembourg, 9-11 May 1995 : [13th International Symposium on Theory and Practice in Transport Economics]
Identity shift : where identity meets technology in the networked-community age
Port of Helsinki : anno 1968.
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:3
Port hinterland connections
Summary of findings (s. 5-15).
Transport and tourism : global perspectives
Finnra's traffic management research programme : summary of publications 1993-1997
Future transport power sources : executive summary
Accessible Tourism : A Study of accessibility in Hotel Chains,Public Transport and Ferry Companies in Helsinki
The substitution of letter mail in targeted communication
Economic evaluation of climate change impacts : development of a cross-sectoral framework and results for Austria
Transportation analysis of the Barents Region
Performance enhancements of MBMS and VoIP services in WCDMA/HSPA networks
The air pilot's manual. Volume 4, The aeroplane - technical
Small business enterprise : an economic analysis
Intermodal freight transport
In the Heart of Europe : our journey into the 21st century
Port of Helsinki : anno 1963.
Goal-setting and goal-achieving in transport policy
Accident probabilities in selected areas of the Gulf of Finland
Catalogue of transport studies : unpublished studies and reports with abstracts by organizations of the United Nations systems
Nature wars : the incredible story of how wildlife comebacks turned backyards into battlegrounds
Tourism : The Business of hospitality and travel
Layer 3 Multiprotocol Label Switching Virtual Private Network
Transport, the environment and sustainable development
Low educational performance is associated with drunk driving : a 31-year follow-up of the northern finland 1966 birth cohort
Authority planning in public transport
Aggression on the road : A pilot study of behaviour in the driving situation
The accident
This paper provides a general assessment of transport network of the St.Petersburg region and examines the possibilities for collaboration between Russia and Finland in utilizing and enhancing the function of this network.Treating transport infrastructure as a precondition to certain forms of international economic relations, the authors argue that in recent years the transport network under review has become increasingly inadequate to handle the changing and growing needs of economic collaboration between the two countries. Nevertheless, prospects for the future are not entirely gloomy. Russia, Finland and many other countries stand to benefit substantially from the development of the transport infrastructure in the St.Petersburg region.Therefore a number of joint projects have currently been started to remedy the situation. .
Assessment of the effect in EC member states of the implementation of policy measures for CO2 reduction in the transport sector : final report
Driving horse-drawn carriages for pleasure : the classic illustrated guide to coaching, harnessing, stabling, etc
Ghana on the go : African mobility in the age of motor transportation
Initialization of UMTS WCDMA laboratory network using Nethawk RNC/IUB simulator
Practical industrial data communications : best practice techniques
Productization of Configuration Version builder
Norway : [portrait of a nation]
Liikennemäärät Helsingin katuverkossa 1978 : kartta 1:30000 = Trafikmängder på Helsingfors gator 1978 = Traffic volumes on the streets of Helsinki 1978
Report of the Ninety-sixth Round Table on Transport Economics held in Paris on 10th-11th June 1993 on the following topic: Short-distance passenger travel
Planes, trains and automobiles : a visual history of modern transport featuring 100 iconic designs
Port of Helsinki : anno 1960.
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Implementing parser tool to visualize trace and error log files in Media Gateway
Study on frequent lines : differences in running and investment costs between an icebreaking cargo vessel and a vessel that needs icebreaker assistance
Variation of Air Pollutant Concentrations in Residential Areas of the Helsinki Metropolitan Region
Transport policy between economy and ecology
New York City passenger manifests of SS Titanic survivors rescued by the SS Carpathia
Digital signal processing : system analysis and design
Comparison of Parameters and Listing of Major Differences Between Ericsson WRAN P6.1 and WRAN P7 Systems
Catalytic air pollution control : commercial technology
"This essential multi-authored work reflects a new sustainable transportation planning paradigm. It explores the concepts of sustainable development and sustainable transportation, describes practical techniques for comprehensive evaluation, provides tools for multi-modal transport planning, and presents innovative mobility management solutions to transportation problems. Students of various disciplines, planners, policymakers and concerned citizens will find many of its provocative ideas and approaches of considerable value as they engage in the processes of understanding and changing transportation towards greater sustainability. This text reflects a fundamental change in transportation decision making. It focuses on accessibility rather than mobility, emphasizes the need to expand the range of options and impacts considered in analysis, and provides practical tools to allow planners, policy makers and the general public to determine the best solution to the transportation problems facing a community."--Publisher's description.
Evaluation of the transport projects of the Kolari and Sokli mining projects
Transport revolution : international perspectives
Rush hour : how 500 million commuters survive the daily journey to work
Sorting out mobile children : boundary play and boundary work in a miniature traffic park
The bicycle : vehicle for a small planet
Via Baltica feasibility study
Trucks and other things that go!
Trans-European networks
Uncertainty in the operational analysis of two-lane highways
Finnra's strategy for traffic management
Summary
The transport network structure of the St.Petersburg region and  its impact on Russian-Finnish economic cooperation
Transport on land and sea
Baltic port insight : overview of current market situation in the Baltic Sea countries and ports in ..
Reallocating local transport bus fleet for competitive tendering contracts : case: Koiviston Auto Corporation
Straight and level : practical airline economics
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Climate for a transport change : TERM 2007: indicators tracking transport and environment in the European Union
Transportation and traffic engineering handbook
Transport investment in railways to generate knowledge transfer from interfirm worker mobility
Evaluation of Internet channels and their impacts on Irish mobile operators' business models
Designing a structured cabling system to ISO 11801 : cross-referenced to European CENELEC and American standards
Finland handbook 2004 : sales guide for the travel trade
System design for telecommunication gateways
Secure and Reliable Communications Solution for SCADA and PPDR Use
Mixed logit estimation of the value of travel time
Summary. - Referat.
The severely visually handicapped: their mobility and willingness to mobility training
Border Interview Survey
Testing for common costs in the city of Helsinki bus transit auctions
Noddy and the driving lesson
Helsinki metropolitan transportation study : summary
The geography of transport systems
Forecasting urban travel : past, present and future
Sustainable Transport in the Barents Region : general summary report
Port of Helsinki : anno 1972.
Environmental guidelines for the transport sector
Quality of service for triple play services in heterogeneous networks
Making cars more fuel efficient : technology for real improvements on the road
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Guidelines for transport operations until 2020
Publication on traffic in Helsinki
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Terrific trains
Planes and rockets and things that fly
Coordination of investments in transport infrastructures : analysis-recommendations-procedures : study drawn up at the request of the Commission of the European Communities
Executive summary.
A software defined radio implementation using MATLAB
Measuring the benefits derived from a transportation investment : a comment
Improving energy efficiency of ships through optimisation of ship operations : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140301)
2.4GHz sensor network: CHIPCON CC2510 self-organized network application development
The Finns on the Titanic
Port of Helsinki : anno 1970.
Hydrogen soil deposition and atmospheric variations in the boreal zone
The ultimate book of science : everything you need to know
Design of layout rearrangament of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Liikennemäärät Helsingin pääkatuverkossa syyskuu 2001 = Trafikmängder på Helsingfors huvudgator september 2001 = Traffic volumes on main streets of Helsinki September 2001.
Europe's infrastructure transition : economy, war, nature
Driving simulator validity and driver behavior : results of driving performance in virtual vs natural conditions
Transport for people with mobility handicaps : public transport by bus : ECMT Seminar, Dunkirk, 29th November, 1989
Semantics-based access control in business networks
IP from A to Z
Transport and the environment in Finland
Traffic engineering handbook
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
Port of Helsinki : anno1961
Greece
Journeys and landscapes : Finavia's annual report [2009]
Reducing particulate emissions in traffic and transport
Portsmouth city bus route online information system
High Definition Video Streaming Using H.264 Video Compression
Feasibility of replacing multiple ADSL connections with Multi-Dwelling Access
An introduction to sustainable transportation : policy, planning and implementation
Port of Helsinki : anno 1965.
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
"The Traffic Engineering Handbook is a comprehensive practice-oriented reference that presents the fundamental concepts of traffic engineering, commensurate with the state of the practice"--
A study of neck injury arising from motor vehicle accidents and its clinical management
The compass
Lithuania in the trans-european transport system : 1997.
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2016:III
Life in Estonia : handbook 2001
Global warming and other bollocks
The fleet of the Finska Ångfartygs Aktiebolaget (Finland Steamship Co. Ltd), Helsingfors
Port of Helsinki : anno 1966.
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:2
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:2
Resource management methods for Qos supported networks
Top Gear  : the alternative highway code
Forecasting urban trafic models used and data required
Public streets for public use
Self-Organizing Routing Protocol for Bluetooth Low Energy Sensor Networks
Logistics system and process in express delivery service companies
And the cars go..
Public transport performance statistics 2007
Simultaneous measurements of gaseous emissions, particulates and noise from individual vehicles in traffic
Overview of WiMax : technical and application analysis
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet : tilastollinen tutkimus 1962 : lisänä eräät tilastot vuodesta 1942 alkaen = Road traffic accidents in Finland : with some additional statistics starting from the year 1942
Introduction to travel and tourism : an international approach
Port of Helsinki : anno 1964.
The Smart Transport Corridor Helsinki-St. Petersburg (FITSRUS)
Tiesanasto = Vägnomenklatur = Strassenfachwörter = Technical road terms
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2004:1
Sustainable tourism in the English Lake District
Benefits of different transport modes : report of the Ninety-third Round Table on Transport Economics held in Lyons on 30th-1st July 1992.
Accessibility and spatial interaction
Baltic port barometer : port development in the Baltic Sea Region, views of the Baltic ports for the year..
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:1
Top gear story
Modern analog filter analysis and design : a practical approach
In this research, the best measures will be looked into for improving energy efficiency such as optimization of ships' speed, optimal routes planned according to weather conditions, maintenance of hull & machine and etc. All these measures and precautions are considered with the depending of different types of ship, cargo and other effects. Ships' statistical data and detailed information about ship energy efficiency will be gathered from both shipping companies and partner universities. Various statistical methods, operations research and optimization techniques will be employed for the improving energy efficiency of ships. In conclusion, a DSS will be developed for real-time energy monitoring and making optimal decisions during ship operations intended to be used by the captain of the ship and onboard personnel and ship management operators onshore. Thus, the shipping industry will obtain medium to large long-term gains in terms of monetary and environmental benefits as well as strengthening the awareness of the situation for onboard personnel.
Man on the move : the story of transportation
Executive summary (s. 7).
Improving transport accessibility for all : guide to good practice
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Public transport performance statistics 2009
Non-cash payments : Role of the banking sector in non-cash payments settlement: Case of CIBANK
Creating a transportation app for visually impaired people
Port of Helsinki : anno 1971.
Highway and transportation engineering and planning
Nordic transport and environment : summary of a policy study
Russian transport : problems and prospects
Principles of highway engineering and traffic analysis
Ask me anything
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2016:IV
Traffic and land use
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet vuonna 1985 = Road traffic accidents in Finland 1985.
COST : Transport
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 261-263 (1985), Communications, tourism
Cost recovery of transport in Finland : a review of the calculations and methodology
Reconciling Transportation, Energy and Environmental Issues : the Role of Public Transport : Budabest, Hungary, 30 May - 1 June 1994 : conference proceedings
Improving cost-efficiency and reducing environmental impacts of intermodal transportation with dry port concept : major rail transport corridor in Baltic Sea Region
Enabling energy-efficient and backhaul-aware next generation heterogeneous networks
Port of Helsinki : anno 1962.
Transport infrastructure and the existing traffic conditions in Southern Finland
Sams teach yourself TCP/IP in 24 hours
Car trouble
An approach towards the integration of bus information systems in Vietnam: case study: Ho Chi Minh City Bus Information System project
Customer Satisfaction as a Base for Tourism Development Case: Helsinki Region Transport
Suomen tieliikenneonnettomuudet : tilastollinen tutkimus 1961 : lisänä eräät tilastot vuodesta 1942 alkaen = Road traffic accidents in Finland : with some additional statistics starting from the year 1942
Port of Helsinki : anno 1969.
Evolution of 3G networks : the concept, architecture and realization of mobile networks beyond UMTS
This book is a practical design manual for structured cabling and explains the terminology and physics behind the relevant standards, what the applicable standards are, how they fit together and where to obtain them. Designing a structured cabling system to ISO 11801 2nd edition is the first book to give a commentary on the latest design standard for structured cabling: ISO 11801: Information Technology - generic cabling for customer premises, 2nd edition 2002 Anyone using this book will be able to read and understand this new version of the standard and all the other relevant standards and relate their requirements to the manufacturers' data sheets and their, frequently conflicting, claims. It provides clear and effective answers to the problems raised by the need to design, procure, install and text a modern cabling system, using both copper and optical fibre cable technology. The book not only offers a step-by-step guide through the new standard but also cross references all other relevant International, European and American standards including EN 50174 (Europe) and ANSI/TIA/EIA-568-B (USA). This book is intended as a resource for IT managers, consultants, cable installation engineers and system designers who need to understand the technology of cabling systems and the vast panoply of standards that regulate them. A practical design manual for structured cabling using both copper and optical fibre cable technologyComprehensive guide to the design recommendations of ISO/IEC 11801: Information Technology - generic cabling for customer premises, 2nd edition 2002 Essential for IT managers, consultants, cable installation engineers and system designers needing to design, procure, install and test modern cabling systems.
Helsinki metropolitan transportation study. Volume 1
Red One Plus Ltd: for the satisfaction of customers and nature : towards sustainable development
CO2 emissions from transport
User attitude towards traffic control in Shiretoko and Daisetsuzan National Parks in Japan
Goods transport by road
Urban travel and sustainable development
