http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3476 poverty
poverty
Portugal has some geographical similarities with Finland: both are small and rather peripherical countries. However, the infection with the Human Immunodefi ciency Virus (HIV) has different patterns in Portugal from those in Finland. At the beginning of the 21st century, Portugal is in the fi rst place of the infection with the HIV, with an incidence rate of 105.8 cases per one million inhabitants. The main objective of this paper is to present and explain the geographical diffusion of HIV in Portugal at sub-region level with altogether 28 geographical areas. We were able to identify some geographic hot spot areas with SMR signifi cantly higher than 100. Some areas with AIDS mortality rates signifi cantly above the national standardized rates were identifi ed in the metropolitan area of Lisbon. It was found that the urban/rural dichotomy is the most important factor, explaining 47% and 32% of the variance for male and female AIDS mortality, respectively. This factor identifi es a clear opposition between the variables, with a geographical signifi cance.
Down and out in Paris and London
The death of Rex Nhongo
The poverty curtain : choices for the Third World
The geography of HIV/AIDS in Portugal
Assessing poverty alleviation strategies for their impact on poor women : a study with special reference to India
Poverty reduction in Estonia : background and guidelines
"The Rural Poverty Report 2011 provides a coherent and comprehensive look at rural poverty, its global consequences and the prospects for eradicating it. Released on 6 December 2010, the report contains updated estimates by IFAD regarding how many rural poor people there are in the developing world, poverty rates in rural areas, and the percentage of poor people residing in rural areas. Since the last Rural Poverty Report was published by IFAD in 2001, more than 350 million rural people have lifted themselves out of extreme poverty. But the new report notes that global poverty remains a massive and predominantly rural phenomenon -- with 70 per cent of the developing world's 1.4 billion extremely poor people living in rural areas. Key areas of concern are Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia. Increasingly volatile food prices, the uncertainties and effects of climate change, and a range of natural resource constraints will complicate further efforts to reduce rural poverty, the report says. But the report also emphasizes that profound changes in agricultural markets are giving rise to new and promising opportunities for the developing world's smallholder farmers to significantly boost their productivity, which will be necessary to ensure enough food for an increasingly urbanized global population estimated to reach at least 9 billion by 2050.
The long walk home
Presents the first global assessment of slums, emphasizing their problems and prospects. This book presents estimates of the number of urban slum dwellers and examines the factors at all level, from local to global, that underlie the formation of slums as well as their social, spatial and economic characteristics and dynamics.
The third world tomorrow : a report from the battlefront in the war against poverty
Property rights in the late medieval discussion on Franciscan poverty
Great expectations
Poor economics : barefoot hedge-fund managers, DIY doctors and the surprising truth about life on less than $1 a day
Inner city poverty in Paris and London
The least developed countries report 2011 : the potential role of South-South cooperation for inclusive and sustainable development
When the issue of welfare is addressed in Sweden analysis is usually focused on the national level, in a smaller number of cases on the local level, but rarely on the regional level. Studies on poverty are no exception. The aim of this paper is to analyse child poverty in Sweden, from a regional perspective, in 1990 and 2010. A multivariate cross-section OLS regression model is used to estimate regional factors causing child poverty. Regional macro data is used. The findings indicate that old industrial regions experience greater child poverty. The statistical analysis shows that when the share of foreign-born individuals increases in the regional population, so does the regional share of children living on social assistance. Higher incomes lower the regional share of children living on social assistance.
Tourism, poverty alleviation and nature conservation : the state of contemporary research
Poverty : explanations of social deprivation
Waging the global war on poverty : strategies and case studies
The development-oriented poverty reduction program for rural China
Convivial life together : Bible studies on vocation, dignity and justice
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Poverty dynamics according to direct, indirect and subjective measures : modelling Markovian processes in a discrete time and space with error
Measuring vulnerability to poverty
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Practices of poverty measurement and poverty profile of Nepal : september 2004
Providing inexpensive drinking water treatment solutions for developing countries - a case study on Luanda, Angola
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
A theory of poverty and social exclusion : Bill Jordan
A poverty profile of Cambodia
World poverty for dummies
Crime and punishment
A far country
The poverty of nations
A Third World proletariat?
Economic poverty in Finland
How to build a girl
Latvia has been suffering a substantial decrease in population since the early 1990s. There appears to have been little or no detailed analysis of the genesis of this decline in population. The major political event occurring at the beginning of the population decline was the rapid transitioning from socialism to capitalism. This study has revealed the causes of severe population decline to be a combination of steadily-declining birth rate, sharply rising high death rate, and mass emigration of people to wealthier European states. The cross-over of birth rate and death rate could be attributed to the tumultuous societal upheavals in the changeover from the socialistic protective-welfare system to a free-market capitalistic economic system. In particular, this traumatic event had probably affected the physical and mental health of many people to result in premature deaths from, among other things, consequential morbidity, accidents, homicides and suicides. Practicable remedies to arrest the continuing trend of precipitous decline in the population might include a) repairing the failures of the current modality of national health care, b) creating higher paying jobs in Latvia to entice prospective young emigrants to stay in Latvia, and c) repatriating of recent Latvian émigrés.
Abstract (1 s.).
Finnish aid policies for poverty reduction
Who are the poor? : the beatitudes as a call to community
How economic growth reduces poverty : a general equilibrium analysis for Indonesia d George Fane and Peter warr
Microbusiness : A new social business model to alleviate poverty in developing countries?
The Factors Affecting Poverty Alleviation Projects in Developing Economies : Urban Poverty Reduction Project (UPRP) by the Social Investment Fund Organisation, Ghana
The process of pauperization in groups at a high risk of deprivation : extension of the transnational study on persistent poverty, Commission of the European Communities, contract 800263
Poverty, biodiversity and local organisations : lessons from BirdLife International
Assessing the impact of fiscal policy on poverty
Can HIPC reduce poverty inTanzania?
The role of non-governmental organisations in the improvement of livelihood in Nepal
The responses of the higher education sector in the poverty reduction strategies in Africa : the case of Cameroon
'Legal empowerment of the poor' versus ''Right to the city' : implications for access to housing in urban Africa
Slightly over one billion people on the planet live on a dollar a day. While the reasons for their poverty may be different across geographic regions and political circumstances, the results are much the same. Extreme poverty robs people of options in life, and the cycle is nearly impossible to break without help. While the poor often work very hard at jobs many of us would not even consider doing, not having access to basic health care and education keeps them at the bottom of the economic ladder, usually for generations. Living on a Dollar a Day shares the personal stories of some these poorest of the poor, honoring their lives, their struggles, and encouraging action in those who can help. In making this beautiful and moving book a team traveled to four continents, took thousands of photographs, conducted numerous interviews, and researched information on the agencies around the world that strive to help the destitute. The resulting stories and photographs offer a heartrending glimpse into the everyday realities of individuals and families facing extreme poverty. Personal profiles give voice to their experience, and research about the root causes of global poverty is shared along with information on how those in more fortunate circumstances can get involved.
The impact of village development funds on community welfare in the Lao People's Democratic Republic
Global climate policies, local institutions and food security in a pastoral society in Ethiopia
The heavenly table : a novel
Psychotherapy and the poverty patient
When the first-world-north goes local : education and gender in post-revolution Laos
The economics of poverty
The paradox of Africa's poverty : the role of the indigenous knowledge, traditional practices and local institutions : the case of Ethiopia
Representations of social class and urban poverty in Tom Wolfe's The bonfire of the vanities
Living poorly in America
The HIPC initiative and poverty reduction in Ghana : an assessment
We and the street children
General theoretical framework of the SARD-Climate project
Trash
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
Social Upheaval, Poverty and the Latvian Demographic Crisis
A geospatial approach to assessing the synergies of agriculture-based poverty alleviation programmes : ADRA's programme in the Ga West district of Ghana
What about...women in poverty in Europe
Victims, villains or organized community? : discrimination, social exclusion and empowerment in the media representation of urban poverty : case of barrio “El 70” in Venezuelan newspapers
Containing the poor : the Mexico City Poor House, 1774-1871
Can social enterprises help to tackle poverty : examining the role of three Brazilian social enterprises
The family : photographs by Stefan Bladh : 2002-2008
This book is about being disabled and being poor and the social, cultural and political processes that link these two aspects of living. Environmental barriers, limited access to services and discriminatory attitudes and practice are among key elements that drive disabled people into poverty and keep them there. 'Disability and poverty' explores the lived realities of people with disabilities from across the developing world and examines how the coping strategies of individuals and families emerge in different contexts. It is aimed at the disability community, academics and policy makers in poverty and global welfare.
Monetary poverty estimates in Sri Lanka : selected issues : October 2004
Rural poverty report 2011 : new realities, new challenges : new opportunities for tomorrow's generation
Sanitation and hygiene in Kibera Slums, Nairobi : women ́s concerns and nurses promotional tools
World hunger : 12 myths
A House for Mr Biswas
Kissing the virgin's mouth : a novel
The shoemaker's splendid lamp
Analysis of the relation between rural poverty, malnutrition and hunger, and the interlinks with agricultural production growth and productivity growth with special reference to Mozambique and Bangladesh
My Nightingale is Singing
Income distribution policies for faster poverty reduction
India's reforms : how they produced inclusive growth
Childhood determinants of later health
Disability and poverty / : a global challenge
On understanding poverty : perspectives from the social sciences
Where is the "education" in conditional cash transfers in education?
Rural financial services and effects of microfinance on agricultural productivity and on poverty
Experiencing poverty
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
The Sherwood hero
A strangeness in my mind
Child poverty in rich countries 2005
European churches confronting poverty : social action against social exclusion
The challenge of world poverty : a world anti-poverty program in outline
The challenge of slums : global report on human settlements 2003
Making transition work for everyone : poverty and inequality in Europe and Central Asia
Power and pauperism : the workhouse system, 1834-1884
The Role of mobile phones in empowering rural residents : study in Katakwi district, Uganda
Dark places : a novel
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
"South-south" remittance -poverty reduction nexus : the case of "Hadiya" immigrants in South Africa, as agents of "constituency development" in Ethiopia, and the policy implications of their "remittance instrument"
Landscapes of despair : from deinstitutionalization to homelessness
Participatory alternatives for charity food delivery? Finnish development in an international comparison
Stories from the street : a theology of homelessness
Poverty reduction and beyond : development strategies for low-income countries
Health and economic development in South-Eastern Europe
Poverty incidence and sectoral growth : evidence from Southeast Asia
The psychology of being poor
Seeking a way out of the cage : underprivileged women and domestic violence in Bangladesh
Who develops who? : social sustainability in the poverty reduction strategies of Nepal
Characteristics and behavior of the poor consumers in the emerging markets
The assault that failed : a profile of absolute poverty in six villages of Bangladesh
The new American poverty
Agricultural supply response and poverty in Mozambique
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Perspectives on poverty and income distribution
Reconciliation of work and care among lone mothers of adults with intellectual disabilities: the role and limits of care capital
Analysing poverty in the European Community : policy issues, research options and data sources
Young adult failure to thrive syndrome
Poverty and aid
The quality of love
Unequal worlds : poverty, growth, inequality and the role of international cooperation
International comparisons of poverty intensity : index decomposition and bootstrap inference
Poverty and social exclusion in the UK
And the mountains echoed
The tourism-development nexus in Namibia : a study on national tourism policy and local tourism enterprises' policy knowledge
Women, poverty and productivity in India
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
Energy Access and Development Indicators: case Ghana
Applying minimum income in Brazil : two case studies
The poverty elasticity of growth
A critical analysis of the 'cooperative' strategy to poverty reduction : a case study of cooperatives in Lagos, Nigeria
Property rights in the medieval discussion on Franciscan poverty
"Mountains Beyond Mountains" takes us from Harvard to Haiti, Peru, Cuba and Russia, as the charismatic but flawed genius Dr Paul Farmer challenges widely-held preconceptions about poverty and healthcare. As a medical student, Farmer found his life's calling: to cure infectious diseases and to bring the lifesaving tools of modern medicine - so readily available in the developed world - to those who need them most. Beginning in Haiti, he tackles the conditions that contribute to so many unnecessary deaths with his trademark combination of world-class expertise, unlimited compassion, and the unstinting dedication of friends and colleagues. Tracy Kidder's magnificent and moving account shows how, from achieving this modest dream, one person can make a difference in solving global problems through a clear-eyed understanding of the interaction of politics, wealth, social systems and medicine.
Poverty in the inner city : overcoming deprivation in the inner city
Rural poverty report 2001 : the challenge of ending rural poverty
Not angels but agencies : ecumenical response to poverty - a prime
A decomposition of inequality and poverty changes in the context of macroeconomic adjustment : a microsimultation study for Côte d'Ivoire
Urban social exclusion in the European Union : concepts, causes and prospects
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Partnerships in development : progress in the fight against poverty
Gender in the World Bankś poverty assessments : six case studies from sub-Saharan Africa
The lady and the little fox fur
Child Poverty in a Regional Perspective: A Study of Sweden 1990 and 2010.
Mountains beyond mountains
Impact of micro hydropower (MHP) based electrification on rural livelihoods : case study Nam Mong in Luang Prabang province, Lao PDR
Living on a dollar a day : the lives and faces of the world's poor
Impact of micro-credit programs of two local NGOs on rural women's lives in Bangladesh
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
The story of a new name
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
”Hope is the last thing to die in life” : mapping out the needs and hopes of dump pickers in Maputo as a part of a process of empowerment
Poverty, unemployment, marginalization
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Poverty comparisons and household survey design
Biodiversity and poverty : ten frequently asked questions - ten policy implications
Studies on poverty in Mongolia
The money problems of the poor : a literature review
Economic poverty in Finland 1971-2004
"The challenge of urban deprivation and exclusion in the urban South has given rise to varied and shifting policies and ideas. Two sets of ideas have gained great currency in recent years in international policy and academic circles. The Legal Empowerment of the Poor approach, rooted in neoliberal thinking, focuses on the legal rights of the urban poor as the means to secure access to basic services and needs. The Right to the City perspective, on the other hand, stresses issues of citizenship and the appropriation and uses of urban space. This Policy Dialogue analyses the different ideological and normative foundations of the two perspectives and discusses how they lead to different policy formulations. It then takes a closer look at how the two perspectives find expression in contemporary discussions on and approaches to access to housing in urban Africa. To this end, it compares what each approach identifies as the source of the problem and recommends as the policy solution." --Publisher's description.
Buying a promise : microinsurance in India - case Allianz
Growing big in the streets : Lusaka's street youths' voices of poverty in the streets
Statistical inference and the measurement of poverty
"Poor people are like Bonsai trees" : an analysis of Muhammad Yunus’ thoughts on microcredit, poverty and the poor
Well-being in socio-political context : European welfare regimes in comparison
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
World economic and social survey. 2014/2015, Learning from national supporting MDG implementation
The reluctant midwife : a Hope River novel
Poverty Alleviation through Sustainable Tourism Development in Nepal: Marketing Strategy Point of View
Summary (s. 1-5).
Separation without hope? : essays on the relation between the Church and the poor during the industrial revolution and the western colonial expansion
Summary.
PRSP processes in eight African countries : initial impacts and potential for institutionalization
Agrarian reform and rural poverty : a case study of Peru
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Who are the urban poor?
Poverty amidst affluence : Britain and the United States
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
The business solution to poverty : designing products and services for three billion new customers
Inside the European consensus on development and trade : analysing the EU's normative power and policy coherence for development in global governance
Poverty and social developments in Peru, 1994-1997
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
Meaningful life and survival in urban poverty : an ethnographic study on the dimensions of deprivation and anxiety and the coping strategies of a group of cooperative workers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Assessing local minimum income programmes in Brazil : ILO - World Bank agreement
The stigma of poverty : a critique of poverty theories and policies
Measuring the size and characteristics of the underclass : how much do we know?
A Tale of Two Countries: Poverty among Immigrants in Denmark and Sweden since 1984
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Stories from the Street is a theological exploration of interviews with men and women who had experienced homelessness at some stage in their lives. Framed within a theology of story and a theology of liberation, Nixon suggests that story is not only a vehicle for creating human transformation but it is one of God's chosen means of effecting change. Short biographies of twelve characters are examined under themes including: crises in health and relationships, self-harm and suicide, anger and pain, God and the Bible. Expanding the existing literature of contextual theology, this book provides an alternative focus to a church-shaped mission by advocating with, and for, a very marginal group; suggesting that their experiences have much to teach the church. Churches are perceived as being active in terms of pastoral work, but reluctant to ask more profound questions about why homelessness exists at all. A theology of homelessness suggests not just a God of the homeless, but a homeless God, who shares stories and provides hope. Engaging with contemporary political and cultural debates about poverty, housing and public spending, Nixon presents a unique theological exploration of homeless people, suffering, hope and the human condition.
Poverty : a global review : handbook on international poverty research
Poor Europe : the problem of poverty in chosen European countries
North-South : a programme for survival : report of the Independent Commission on International Development Issues under the chairmanship of Willy Brandt
New era for development cooperation : case: Finland and Viet Nam
The millennium development goals report 2012
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Social resilience and civic entrepreneurship in self-help organizations : case study of the Kibera slum project
Mind, society and behavior
Sociology of poverty
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
