http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3479 richness
richness riches
There were many horses
The fortunes of Africa : a 5,000 year history of wealth, greed and endeavour
Deluxe : how luxury lost its lustre
The diamond as big as the Ritz : and other stories
Personal wealth from a global perspective
How rich people think
Bad Samaritans: the myth of free trade and the secret history of capitalism
Harry Bosch is California's newest private investigator. He doesn't advertise, he doesn't have an office, and he's picky about who he works for, but it doesn't matter. His chops from 30 years with the LAPD speak for themselves. Soon one of Southern California's biggest moguls comes calling. The reclusive billionaire has less than six months to live and a lifetime of regrets. He hires Bosch to find out whether he has an heir. Using all of his cold case skills, Bosch pieces together a 65-year-old mystery and finds out that the case is not as simple - or cold - as he thought.
The little money Bible : ten laws of abundance
The son
The boy who had (nearly) everything
Wealth and poverty
Does the richness of the few benefit us all?
The new rich in China : future rulers, present lives
The unwinding : thirty years of American decline
Wealth and the wealthy : exploring and tackling inequalities between rich and poor
Future wealth
Practical prosperity magick : crafting success & abundance
A man who has spent his life making money, but who cannot find happiness, learns some valuable lessons from unlikely sources.
The divide : American injustice in the age of the wealth gap
Rich man, poor man
Who wants to be a millionaire? : anachronistic ideals in late modern folklore
Wealth of the Roman world : AD 300-700
The Jane Austen marriage manual
All the money in the world : how the Forbes 400 make-- and spend--their fortunes
The pearl
The diamond as big as the Ritz
The affluent consumer : marketing and selling the luxury lifestyle
Tales of the jazz age
Rich and poor in America : a reference handbook
How to get filthy rich in rising Asia
The natural history of the rich : a field guide
The night falling
The great Gatsby
The truth and other lies
Innovation, economic progress and the quality of life
The face of mammon : the matter of money in English Renaissance literature
The "New York Times"-bestselling author of "Genome" and "The Red Queen" offers a provocative case for an economics of hope, arguing that the benefits of commerce, technology, innovation, and change--cultural evolution--will inevitably increase human prosperity.
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
A fortune for Yo-Yo : [kannessa] the richest dog in the world!
Luxury brand management : a world of privilige
Consumption and wealth in Luke's travel narrative
Rich dad, poor dad : what the rich teach their kids about money - that the poor and middle class do not!
The science of getting rich : the secret guide to financial success!
Variation in grazing tolerance and restoration of meadow plant communities
Myths of rich & poor : why we're better off than we think
The streets of heaven : the ideology of wealth in the Apocalypse of John
The Gilded Age : the super-rich of the Edwardian era
City and community in Norman Italy
The origin of wealth : evolution, complexity, and the radical remaking of economics
Luxury and austerity : papers read before the 23rd Irish Conference of Historians held at St Patrick's College, Maynooth, 16-18 May 1997
Irish Rebel
Jesus and money : a guide for times of financial crisis
The achieving society
The rich Christian in the church of the early empire : contradictions and accommodations
Think like a champion : an informal education in business and life
Worst case
Paradoxes of prosperity : why the new capitalism benefits all
Seeking the imperishable treasure : wealth, wisdom, and a Jesus saying
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
The politics of rich and poor : wealth and the American electorate in the Reagan aftermath
Breaking the money barriers
The raw deal : how myths and misinformation about deficits, inflation, and wealth impoverish America
Beach Babylon
Rich dad, poor dad : what the rich teach their kids about money that the poor and middle class do not!
Doing more with less : the new way to wealth
The science of getting rich
Rothschild : a story of wealth and power
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Titan: The Life of John D. Rockefeller, Sr
The psychology of money
The birth of plenty : how the prosperity of the modern world was created
"Only the super-rich can save us!"
The rational optimist : how prosperity evolves
Rich lands and poor : the road to world prosperity
Just property : a history in the Latin West. Volume one, Wealth, virtue, and the law
The wrong side of goodbye
Riches, poverty, and the faithful : perspectives on wealth in the Second Temple period and the Apocalypse of John
Rich is beautiful : a very personal defence of mass affluence
How much is enough? : money and the good life
Cash flow quadrant : Rich Dad's guide till ekonomisk framgång
"In the book of Revelation, John appeals to the faithful to avoid the temptations of wealth, which he connects with evil and disobedience within secular society. New Testament scholars have traditionally viewed his somewhat radical stance as a reaction to the social injustices and idolatry of the imperial Roman cults of the day. Mark D. Mathews argues that John's rejection of affluence was instead shaped by ideas in the Jewish literature of the Second Temple period which associated the rich with the wicked and viewed the poor as the righteous. Mathews explores how traditions preserved in the Epistle of Enoch and later Enochic texts played a formative role in shaping John's theological perspective. This book will be of interest to those researching poverty and wealth in early Christian communities and the relationship between the traditions preserved in the Dead Sea Scrolls and New Testament"--
Confessions of a wild child
Sivu's six wishes ; a Taoist tale
New rich, new poor, new Russia : winners and losers on the Russian road to capitalism
This book tracks the use of a single saying of Jesus over time and among theologically divergent authors and communities and identifies six different versions of the saying in the canonical gospels and epistles, as well as the Gospel of Thomas and Q. After tracing the tradition and redaction history of this wisdom admonition, the author observes at least two distinctly different wisdom themes that are applied to the saying: the proper disposition of wealth and the search for knowledge, wisdom, or God. What he discovers is a saying of Jesus with roots in Jewish wisdom and pietistic traditions, as well as popular Greek philosophy that proved amazingly adaptable in its application to differing social and rhetorical contexts of the first century.
The wrong side of goodbye : a novel
Trump : think like a billionaire
Think and grow rich
Wake up happy every day
"After the last set of business scandals and financial busts, many powerful interests and many influential people are asking questions about doing more with less, from governments to multinational corporations; they are seeking this realignment in hopes of regaining their balance. Doing More with Less is an actionable call to arms, with global insights -- that are of immediate application to professionals in any industry -- into new ways to better align money, people, and rules. Author, Bruce Piaceski, convincingly lays out the case for a return to frugality, providing relevant examples from his thirty years of experience as a management consultant and change agent. Piaceski deftly explains how this approach to competition is relevant, and provides readers with the framework to look at what's next without tottering toward failure"--
The wealth and poverty of nations : why some are so rich and some so poor
Loving the poor, saving the rich : wealth, poverty, and early Christian formation
Think and grow rich : the landmark bestseller - now revised and updated for the 21st century
How much is enough? : hungering for God in an affluent culture
Why we can't afford the rich
