http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3472 disabilities
disabilities
International classification of functioning, disability and health : children and youth version : ICF-CY
Disability and modern fiction : Faulkner, Morrison, Coetzee and the nobel prize for literature
Arts and humanities
Playground accessibility and usability for children with  disabilities : experiences of children, parents and  professionals
Participation and disability : a study of participation in school for children and youth with disabilities
Autism : preparing for adulthood
Critical reflections on Stanley Hauerwas' theology of disability : disabling society, enabling theology
Health-related quality of life and functioning in patients with spinal fusion
"Our Better Angels is a testament to the value of individuals with disabilities and the value that society could derive from being more welcoming to and inclusive of them. The reward is the powerful humanizing influence that they can have on others--even some of the most hardened people among us. Colorful, real-life examples illustrate how a disability can be a valuable human attribute, a powerful source of compassion from which everyone can benefit. What are the challenges that face us as we strive for a more inclusive society? What are the values that should guide us in our efforts? Smith approaches these questions by examining his own experience and other unique perspectives: - Meet the children and adults with disabilities who have touched his own life - Consider what science--and pseudoscience--has said about disability - View disability through the lens of history and literature"--
The leading reference on shoulder rehabilitation, "Physical Therapy of the Shoulder, 5th Edition" provides complete information on the functional anatomy of the shoulder, the mechanics of movement, and the evaluation and treatment of shoulder disorders. It promotes current, evidence-based practice with coverage of the latest rehabilitation and surgical techniques. Case studies show the clinical application of key principles, and follow the practice patterns from the "APTA Guide to Physical Therapist Practice, 2nd Edition", relating to shoulder disorders. Edited by Robert Donatelli, a well-known lecturer and consultant for professional athletes, this book includes a companion website with video clips demonstrating shoulder therapy techniques and procedures.
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity
"Do children and adults with disabilities enrich our lives? Far more than most people imagine. Our Better Angels is a testament to the value of individuals with disabilities and the value that society could derive from being more welcoming to and inclusive of them. The reward is the powerful humanizing influence that they can have on others-even some of the most hardened people among us. Colorful, real-life examples illustrate how a disability can be a valuable human attribute, a powerful source of compassion from which everyone can benefit. What are the challenges that face us as we strive for a more inclusive society? What are the values that should guide us in our efforts? Smith approaches these questions by examining his own experience and other unique perspectives: [dot below] Meet the children and adults with disabilities who have touched his own life [dot below] Consider what science-and pseudoscience-has said about disability [dot below] View disability through the lens of history and literature The result is a compelling case for understanding and celebrating human diversity. Smith asks us to summon the "better angels" of our character and affirm our commitment to a society based on equality and democracy"--
This Volume focuses on inclusive education for the less than 1 % of school-age population who have been diagnosed with Low-Incidence Disabilities and continue to be marginalized in many ways. This unique contribution provides a wide-range of perspectives on what works to facilitate inclusion in a variety of contexts. In many countries teachers are being asked to ensure that all of their students achieve, regardless of background or disability leaving many grappling with how to facilitate inclusion for learners with low-incidence disabilities. The first section of this text presents strategies and supports for inclusion. It offers the reader examples of good practices that practitioners can employ to improve teaching and learning in their school or classroom for these students and their families. The second section offers a range of international perspectives that illuminate the work being done related to inclusion for learners with low-incidence disabilities within those contexts. This important book highlights the need to include learners with low-incidence disabilities and provides information related to supports and services to achieve that goal across a variety of contexts.
Psychiatric disability in the community : surveying the social landscape in the post-deinstitutional era
Becoming friends of time : disability, timefullness, and gentle discipleship
God beyond words : Christian theology and the spiritual experiences of people with profound intellectual disabilities
The use of the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF)
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Our better angels : stories of disability in life, science, and literature
Summary.
Physical therapy of the shoulder
The act of life is a lived experience, common and unique, that ties each of us to every other lived experience. The fact of disability does not alter this fundamental truth. In this edition of 'Rethinking Disability: World Perspectives in Culture and Society', we are presented with a system of thinking that considers the values of disability, as a resource, as a creative source of culture that moves disability out of the realm of victimized people and insurmountable barriers, and provides opportunities to use the experience of disability to enter into networks that recognize strengths of differing abilities. The authors within will intrigue you, will move you, will charm you, but always will challenge your notion of sameness and difference as they confront the construct and (de)construct of disability and ableism. They present compelling arguments for viewing disABILITY through the multiple lenses of disability culture. They explore themes and issues that transcend past and origins, time and place, nuances of genetics, to experiences of present and becoming, and towards the future and beyond mere human, yet always intrinsically connected to being human. This book is intended for all audiences who dare to confront difference and sameness within themselves and in connection with others; to inspire researchers who wish to explore, and examine disability across social, cultural and economic barriers. It is an invitation to push away the barriers, bring ableism inside to a place where the prosthesis is no longer the elephant in the room.
Far from the tree : a dozen kinds of love
An introduction to disability studies
Disability in the Christian tradition : a reader
ICF core sets : manual for clinical practice
Rethinking disability : world perspectives in culture and society
Including learners with low-incidence disabilities
Journal of hand therapy : official journal of the American Society of Hand Therapists
Disability, like questions of race, gender, and class, is one of the most provocative topics among theorists and philosophers today. This volume, situated at the intersection of feminist theory and disability studies, addresses questions about the nature of embodiment, the meaning of disability, the impact of public policy on those who have been labelled disabled, and how we define the norms of mental and physical ability. The essays here bridge the gap between theory and activism by illuminating structures of power and showing how historical and cultural perceptions of the human body have been informed by and contributed to the oppression of women and disabled people.
Playground accessibility and usability for children with disabilities : experiences of children, parents and professionals
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity / Vol. 1
Disability studies and the inclusive classroom : critical practices for creating least restrictive attitudes
Driving ability among people with stroke : developing assessments and exploring the lived-experience
Rehabilitation of the hand and upper extremity / Vol. 2
Extraordinary measures : disability in music
Disability classification in education : issues and perspectives
Feminist disability studies
Experiences of parenthood and the child with an intellectual disability
Alternative visualization of textual information for people with sensory impairment
