http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3478 inequality
inequality
Indigenous peoples rights and conflict-situation in the oil-producing states of Nigeria : the globalization connection and activities of the multinationals
The pursuit of inequality
Rules of attraction
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Estimating the long-run relationship between income inequality and economic development
The three burials : kolmasti kuopattu
The bat
Generation Z : their voices, their lives
Social deprivation in Russia
Poverty and prosperity : prospects for reducing racial/ethnic economic disparities in the United States
Trends in income distribution in the post-world war II period : evidence and interpretation
Rose Elmsworth has a secret. For eighteen years, the world has been divided into the magically Gifted and the non-magical Ashkind, but Rose's identity is far more dangerous. At 15, she has earned herself a place alongside her father in the Department, a brutal law-enforcement organisation run by the Gifted to control the Ashkind. But now an old enemy is threatening to start a catastrophic war, and Rose faces a challenging test of her loyalties. How much does she really know about her father's past? How far is the Department willing to go to keep the peace? And, if the time comes, will Rose choose to protect her secret, or the people she loves?
Horizontal inequalities : a neglected dimension of development
Health inequalities and people with intellectual disabilities
Inequality
Red queen
The reaction
Differentation in Kenya by race, tribe and wealth in 1957-1964
Brave new world
Citizenship : rights, struggle and class inequality
Migration and the mobility of citizens around the globe pose important challenges to the linguistic and cultural homogeneity that nation-states rely on for defining their physical boundaries and identity, as well as the rights and obligations of their citizens. A new social order resulting from neoliberal economic practices, globalization and outsourcing also challenges traditional ways the nation-state has organized its control over the people who have typically travelled to a new country looking for work or better life chances. This collection provides an account of the ways language addresses core questions concerning power and the place of migrants in various institutional and workplace settings. It brings together contributions from a range of geographical settings to understand better how linguistic inequality is (re)produced in this new economic order.
Climbing for equality: overcoming social inequality through sport : a narrative inquiry into the sport lives of five visually disabled climbers in Mexico City
The Yacoubian building : [a novel]
Stratification and differentiation
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
The Peter Townsend reader
The millennium development goals report 2012
Social stratification and inequality : class conflict in the United States
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
Poverty and economic inequality in industrialized Western societies
Spatial inequality for manufacturing wages in five African countries
Cultural similarity and dissimilarity in intercultural conflicts
Young people, inequality and youth work
Bias related to the exclusion of the economically inactive in studies on social class differences in mortality
Yes we can? : white racial framing and the 2008 presidential campaign
Ethnic structure, inequality and governance in the public sector : Malaysian experiences
Student lives in crisis : deepening inequality in times of austerity
Class and inequality in Australia : sociological perspectives and research
The gods of Newport
Tackling multiple discrimination : gender and crosscutting inequalities in Europe
Social inequality in Canada : dimensions of disadvantage
The untouchables of India
The handmaid's tale
Regional disparities in small countries
Fight Like a Girl
Keeping track : how schools structure inequality
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Social inequality in the face of death : linked registers in mortality research
Redistribution of personal incomes, education and economic performance across countries
Urban social exclusion in the European Union : concepts, causes and prospects
On call : political essays
Exploitation : the world power structure and the inequality of nations
The widening gap : health inequalities and policy in Britain
Ethnic structure, inequality and governance in the public sector in Switzerland
The culture of inequality
Faces of inequality : gender, class, and patterns of inequalities in different types of welfare states
The borders of inequality : where wealth and poverty collide
Cass is a rare Omega, one burdened with psychic foresight. While her twin, Zach, gains power on the Alpha Council, she dares to dream the most dangerous dream of all: equality. For daring to envision a world in which Alphas and Omegas live side-by-side as equals, both the Council and the Resistance have her in their sights.
Super rich : the rise of inequality in Britain and the United States
Women and work : inequality in the Canadian labour market
The great divide : unequal societies and what we can do about them
Syrjinnän seuranta Suomessa = Uppfölning av diskriminering i Finland = Monitoring of discrimination in Finland
Perspectives on inequality and social protection
End this depression now!
Inequalities of the world
Social inequality at school and educational policies
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
The elegance of hedgehog
Superclass : how the rich ruined our world
Proxy
Inequality : a reassessment of the effect of family and schooling in America
Gender inequality : a comparative study of discrimination and participation
Language, migration and social inequalities : a critical sociolinguistic perspective on institutions and work
Determinants of income inequality and its effects on economic growth : evidence from African countries
Poverty, inequality and class structure
Income and mortality - the dynamics of disparity : a study on the changing association between income and mortality in Finland
Navigating troubled waters : an analysis of how urban water regimes in the global South reproduce inequality
Longbourn : a novel
The economics of inequality
World of illusion, world of control : the lecture notes
Recognizing race and ethnicity : power, privilege, and inequality
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
All involved : a novel
Racial justice : the superficial morality of colour-blindness in the United States
Economic development, inequality, war, and state violence
Essays on income inequality, poverty and the evolution of top income shares
The girl of his dreams
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Monitoring of trends in socioeconomic inequalities in mortality : experiences from a European project
The catalyst
The psychology of power
The map of bones
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
Monetary policy will continue to support price stability and growth
The Reaction is the explosive sequel to Helena Coggan's stunning debut The Catalyst. For the first time in her life, fifteen-year-old Rose Elmsworth is alone. Her father, David, has been imprisoned and disgraced, a death sentence almost certain. She has been rejected by the Department, the amoral law-enforcement agency in which she grew up. Most dangerous of all is the terrible secret she and her father have been keeping all her life: if exposed, it has the power to destroy her. But Rose cannot stay hidden forever. Around her, the world is changing faster than either she or the Department can stop it. The laws which have for years maintained peace between magicals and non-magicals are breaking down, and two rival militias are gathering on the streets to prepare for a devastating war. As deeper, darker elements of her father's past emerge, Rose begins to understand that the rules of good and evil in which she has always believed will not protect her anymore. In a world of monsters, how long can trust, loyalty and justice survive? And how much will Rose herself have to change to stay alive?
Perfect chemistry
Who gets what? : the hardening of class inequality in the late twentieth century
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
The only way to stop people from getting sick is to get the network back online. That means reversing the very revolution that Syd and Knox began / Library of Congress.
Policies to reduce income inequalities are unlikely to eradicate inequalites in mortality
Divided we stand : why inequality keeps rising
Red Queen : novella #1
Determinants of inequality : individual resources, internal labour markets and social class
Clay
The widening differentials in adult mortality by socio-economic status and their causes
The last vote : the threats to Western democracy
Zambia : impact of industrial strategy on regional imbalance and social inequality
Factor shares and resource booms : accounting for the evolution of Venezuelan inequality
Development and gender equality : consequences, causes, challenges and cures
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Wage inequality : international comparisons of its sources
Black sexual politics : African Americans, gender, and the new racism
Longbourn
Mind the gap : the new class divide in Britain
The divide : American injustice in the age of the wealth gap
Rethinking social inequality
What is the state of social inequality today? How can you situate yourself in the debates? This is an essential book that not only introduces you to the key areas, definitions and debates within the field, but also gives you the opportunity to reflect upon the roots of inequality and to critically analyse power relations today. With international examples and a clear interdisciplinary approach throughout, the book encourages you to look at social inequality as a complex social phenomenon that needs to be understood in a global context. This book: Looks at social divisions across societies Explores global processes and changes that are affecting inequalities Discusses social inequality in relation to class, gender and race Examines current social policy approaches to explore how these relate to inequality Reflects upon the potential solutions to inequalities This engaging and accessible introduction to social inequality is an invaluable resource for students across the social sciences. Louise Warwick-Booth is Senior Lecturer in Health Policy at Leeds Metropolitan University, UK.
Socioeconomic inequalities in health expectancy in Finland and Norway in the 1980s
All involved
The political economy of social inequalities : consequences for health and quality of life
Is rising income inequality inevitable? : a critique of the transatlantic consensus
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
Rigging the game : how inequality is reproduced in everyday life
Untouchability in rural India
Changing inequalities in rich countries : analytical and comparative perspectives
Seeking a way out of the cage : underprivileged women and domestic violence in Bangladesh
Can educational policy equalise income distribution in Latin America?
In other rooms, other wonders
Processes of residential differentation in socialist cities : literature review on the cases of Budapest, Prague, Tallinn and Warsaw
The health of nations : towards a new political economy
Public welfare services and inequality : introduction to methodology and some examples with the 1985 Finnish household expenditure survey data
Netherwood
Witness the night
Chain reaction
Trash
Determinants of health inequalities by income from the 1980s to the 1990s in Finland
Poverty traps
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
A theory of poverty and social exclusion
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
The learning conception of disadvantaged groups of adults in lifelong learning culture : summary of doctoral dissertation, social sciences, educology (07S) = [Rizikos grupių suaugusiųjų mokymosi samprata mokymosi visą gyvenimą kultūroje]
Economic inequality : measurement and policy
The road to Wigan Pier
The language of children reared in poverty : implications for evaluation and intervention
Tackling social exclusion
Privatization, asset distribution and equity in transitional economies
Summary: Analysis of the factors of income inequality: the structural equation modelling approach.
Sport and social exclusion
Kennedy's brain
This book examines the contemporary nature of caste disparities in India from an economist's perspective. Questioning traditional wisdom on the degree of change in the caste system over the last two decades, it brings together evidence on different dimensions of caste disparities based on two large national-level data sets
Education for all: a challenge for girls : a case study of Kibera slum in Nairobi
Behind the beautiful forevers : life, death and hope in a Mumbai slum
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
Social Inequality
Equality
Inequality : classic readings in race, class, and gender
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
Four hundred years in the future, the Earth has turned primitive following a nuclear fire that has laid waste to civilization and nature. Though the radiation fall-out has ended, for some unknowable reason every person is born with a twin. Of each pair, one is an Alpha, physically perfect in every way, and the other an Omega, burdened with deformity, small or large. With the Council ruling an apartheid-like society, Omegas are branded and ostracized while the Alphas have gathered the world's sparse resources for themselves. Though proclaiming their superiority, for all their effort Alphas cannot escape one harsh fact: whenever one twin dies, so does the other.
This text stresses institutional and cultural themes-rather than individual racial/ethnic categories-allowing students to grapple with the complexities of race, privilege, and racism within broad historical and sociological contexts.
Moroccan households in the world economy : labor and inequality in a Berber Village
Privileged Syd and and his proxy, Knox, are thrown together to overthrow the system / Library of Congress.
The white tiger
The grammar of caste : economic discrimination in contemporary india
A discourse on inequality
On living through Soviet Russia
ICT disparities in Finland : access and implications
"People with intellectual disabilities die at a younger age and have poorer health than their non-disabled peers. This is largely avoidable and is unjust. This book uses concepts from contemporary public health to provide a comprehensive evidence-based overview of: the nature and extent of the health inequalities experienced by people with intellectual disabilities; why these inequalities occur and persist; and what can and needs to be done to address these inequalities. The authors have a wealth of firsthand experience gained from years of working at the interface between disability research and public health. This experience is collected and shared in this volume, which will be an invaluable resource for practitioners, advocates, policymakers and researchers concerned with health and social care and the wellbeing of disabled people"--Provided by publisher.
Inequality and economic growth : the empirical relationship reconsidered in the light of comparable data
Uncle Tom's cabin
We are many : reflections on movement strategy from occupation to liberation
Race and antiracism in Black British and British Asian literature
Endangered daughters : discrimination and development in Asia
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
The fire sermon
Crime and punishment
Social networks and everyday practices in Russia
Dropouts from school : issues, dilemmas, and solutions
Ends and means : an enquiry into the nature of ideals and into the methods employed for their realization
Income distribution during the transition in China
Social inequality in Australia : discourses, realities and futures
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
King's cage
Red Queen
Of the various factors of uncertainty surrounding the international economic outlook at the present time, a substantial proportion relates to policy choices. Much expectation focuses on US economic policy in the immediate years ahead, but so far no details are known. Meanwhile, the United Kingdom's new arrangements in respect of its international economic relations remain undecided, while the UK Government's detailed objectives are not entirely clear. Politically motivated uncertainties regarding the economic outlook are also to be found elsewhere in Europe and beyond..
