http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3485 emotions
emotions
The throes and relief of divorce
Abstract.
Attention and emotion : a clinical perspective
Decisive : how to make better choices in life and work
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of mindfulness
Speaking of emotions : conceptualisation and expression
Basic emotions
Emotional state modifies eyeblink reflex elicited by an airpuff
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Smart but stuck : emotions in teens and adults with ADHD
Social perspectives on emotion. Vol. 2
Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to psychology
Meet happy bear
Facial expressions as an interactional resource in everyday face-to-face conversation
Musically-induced emotional peaks
Creating a musically expressive performance : a study of vocalists' use of emotions in performance preparation
The saddest king
Embarrassment : poise and peril in everyday life
A study on religious emotions
Language and emotion concepts
The science of emotion : research and tradition in the psychology of emotions
As the World Thought Leaders on Customer Experience, Colin Shaw and the team at Beyond Philosophy have undertaken more than 18 months of groundbreaking research to discover the emotions that drive and destroy value in an organization, and can now disclose the empirical link between evoking these emotions and substantial financial returns.
Now in its 16th edition, Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology has been fully revised and updated to reflect all recent research developments, theories and ideas, whilst also retaining all of the qualities which have established it as a leading undergraduate psychology textbook over the past five decades, including its highly accessible and engaging student-centred approach. The established author team of Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, Barbara Fredrickson and Geoffrey R. Loftus has been joined by Christel Lutz (University of Utrecht), who has helped to add a fresh European influence, and thereby create a truly international introductory textbook. The 'Cutting Edge Research' box features and 'Seeing Both Sides' essays which conclude each chapter have been fully updated and replaced throughout, using contributions from a range of experts across the globe, and really help to bring the text to life for students.
Perspectives on the narrative construction of emotions
Passion and passivity : Claremont studies in the philosophy of religion, Conference 2009
Different moment, different tune : how emotional perception of music changes with the time of day
Postcolonial masculinities : emotions, histories and ethics
"For better and for worse, or until..." : on divorce and guilt
Adults learning Finnish as a foreign language : role of support, emotions and reasons connected with learning
The expression of the emotions in man and animals
Effect of emotional picture viewing on classical eyeblink conditioning
"Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world. From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives--affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Emotion – an enemy within? : A moral philosophical study in the nature of out emotions
Emotion concepts
Searching for the universal subconscius : study on music and emotion
Performance-related affective experiences in elite shooters during the preparation season
Emotion : a comprehensive phenomenology of theories and their meanings for therapy
Stressful, important and rewarding : How higher education students experience learning in different environments
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to describe the harmful effects of parental substance abuse from child perspective as having to grow up in a substance abusing family is considered as child maltreatment. In addition, the trends in parental substance abuse and the children's visibility in the treatment cycle were stressed as the data was gathered from Järvenpää Addiction Hospital's children's treatment documents.    This study is of qualitative nature including 80 treatment documents from two decades that were processed using content analysis. The theoretical framework was drawn from the attachment theory and especially concentrating on the attachment disturbances.    The findings were reflected against earlier studies and the attachment theory. The results indicated that the four major emotional harms that had risen from previous studies were visible in the treatment documents as well; insecurity, restlessness, anxiety and aggression. Additionally, the children had frequently encountered different traumatising experiences such as domestic violence that then had exposed them to psychosomatic symptoms.    To conclude, the attachment relationship between the parent and the child plays a significant role in the child's development and the substance abuse of a parent may cause attachment disturbances to the child. Therefore, the child perspective in a substance abusing family should not be belittled as the children are habitually suffering severe harm that may affect them throughout their lifespan.
Love : emotion, myth & metaphor
Tabloid headlines in mind : a frame for research
Metaphor and emotion : language, culture and body in human feeling
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
Affectivity : its language and meaning
The sociology of emotions : an annotated bibliography
The Harmful Effects of Parental Substance Abuse on Children
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
Working with emotions in psychotherapy
Structural and perceptual correlates of the musical peak experiences
Don't wake the tiger
An attributional theory of motivation and emotion
Love + hate : stories and essays
Before we are anything else, we are feeling bodies. In fact, feelings are an important part of every experience we ever have. Feelings are not just emotions, and in practice cannot be separated from the processes of thinking and reasoning they are often assumed to simply interfere with. This book explains what feelings are and describes how they contribute to other psychological phenomena. Although feelings are often thought of as wholly private and personal, this book demonstrates that they are simultaneously social and relational. The book explains how analyses that include feelings can transform understandings of key topics related to health and illness - health beliefs, doctor-patient interactions in chronic fatigue, and madness. Some of the wider implications of this approach are also considered, both with respect to psychology and in relation to the ongoing 'affective turn' in the social sciences and humanities.
Persons, situations, and emotions : an ecological approach
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
The impact of child placement on family bonds among parents
Mind whispering : a new map to freedom from self-defeating emotional habits
Everybody feels...scared!
Emotion
Action, emotion and will
What the light hides
"I gave my love a red, red nose" : poems about feelings
The Oxford handbook of emotion, social cognition, and problem solving in adulthood
Hot thought : mechanisms and applications of emotional cognition
A phenomenological investigation of the emotional experiences of elite Brazilian coaches
Planning, implementing and evaluating social and emotional skills course for coaches
The DNA of customer experience : how emotions drive value
Using FaceReader to recognize emotions during self-assessment relating to dyslexia
Role of Educators: Creating Emotional Safety at Day Centers
Positive emotions and mobility in older people
Move the way you feel : effects of musical features, perceived emotions, and personality on music-induced movement
I as a teacher : student teacher's journey to professionalism by means of reflection
Cognition and emotion. Vol. 7, issues 3&4, May/July, special issue, Appraisal and beyond : the issue of cognitive determinants of emotion
Event-related potential (ERP) studies of mother-infant interaction
My body moves in music therapy : body movements and their role in music therapy in the treatment of depression and an eating disorder : a case study
Film, music and induced mixed-emotion
The nature of emotion : fundamental questions
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Emotions in second language learning as seen in autobiographical narratives written by university students : a discursive study
Perspectives on anger and emotion
Structural factors in preschool children's emotional expression in music
Cognitive neuroscience of emotion
Schleiermacher and religious feeling
Intentionality and feeling : a sketch for a two-level account of emotional afffectivity
The role of eye region and mouth region in the expression of emotions
Performance-related emotions in highly skilled soccer players : a longitudinal study based on the IZOF model
The psychology of sympathy
Live as you wish and ruin your life : Haybron on unhappiness and well-being
Neuro-linguistic programming. Volume 1, The study of the structure of subjective experience
Revisiting the nexus of entrepreneurship and sustainability : towards an affective and interactive framework for the sustainability entrepreneurship journey
Emotions and anxiety : New concepts, methods, and application
Emotion and social theory
Emotional Intelligence 2.0
Psychophysiology of flow experience : an explorative study
Associations of early adolescents' reading difficulties with their reading-related task values, competence beliefs and achievement emotions
The inspiration in improvisation : identifying and classifying the approaches to emotion-based musical improvisation
Over the last decade, the field of socio-emotional development and aging has rapidly expanded, with many new theories and empirical findings emerging. This trend is consistent with the broader movement in psychology to consider social, motivational, and emotional influences on cognition and behavior. The Oxford Handbook of Emotion, Social Cognition, and Problem Solving in Adulthood provides the first overview of a new field of adult development that has emerged out of conceptualizations and research at the intersections between socioemotional development, social cognition, emotion, coping, and everyday problem solving. This field roundly rejects a universal deficit model of aging, highlighting instead the dynamic nature of socio-emotional development and the differentiation of individual trajectories of development as a function of variation in contextual and experiential influences. It emphasizes the need for a cross-level examination (from biology and neuroscience to cognitive and social psychology) of the determinants of emotional and socio-emotional behavior. This volume also serves as a tribute to the late Fredda Blanchard-Fields, whose thinking and empirical research contributed extensively to a life-span developmental view of emotion, problem solving, and social cognition. Its chapters cover multiple aspects of adulthood and aging, presenting developmental perspectives on emotion; antecedents and consequences of emotion in context; everyday problem solving; social cognition; goals and goal-related behaviors; and wisdom. The landmark volume in this new field, The Oxford Handbook of Emotion, Social Cognition, and Problem Solving in Adulthood is an important resource for cognitive, developmental, and social psychologists, as well as researchers and graduate students in the field of aging, emotion studies, and social psychology.
The effect of (negative) emotion on pro-environmental behavior : an application of the theory of planned behavior
Informal learning in digital era : social relationships, emotion and competencies
Emotion and embodiment : fragile ontology
Musically induced ASMR : an amalgamated experience
PSYCHOLOGY: EMOTIONS. In a divided world, empathy is not the solution, it is the problem; a source of prejudice, not kindness. We think of empathy - the ability to feel the suffering of others for ourselves - as the ultimate source of all good behaviour. But while it inspires care and protection in personal relationships, it has the opposite effect in the wider world. As the latest research in psychology and neuroscience shows, we feel empathy most for those we find attractive and who seem similar to us and not at all for those who are different, distant or anonymous. Empathy therefore biases us in favour of individuals we know while numbing us to the plight of thousands. Guiding us expertly through the experiments, case studies and arguments on all sides, Paul Bloom ultimately reveals that some of our worst decisions - in charity, child-raising, criminal justice, climate change and war - are motivated by this wolf in sheep's clothing.
Philosophy of emotions
Perception of basic emotions in clinical improvisations : an experimental study
The role of tennis coaches in regulating their players' emotional states : an exploratory study
The dynamics of affect, cognition, and social environment in the regulation of personal learning processes : the case of mathematics
Productive love promotion via affective technology : an approach based on social psychology and philosophy
Music and emotion : theory and research
Emotion : the method of philosophical therapy
Adult attachment styles : a person-oriented approach
Teachers' emotions related to students : a critical review
Lady friends : Hawaiian ways and the ties that define
Representations of emotions
A whole life
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
Mind and emotion
Designing and Testing an Educational Program for Professional Development  in Work Place : Sharing Expertise in Teachers' Peer Group Mentoring
Athletes' feeling states related to best and worst soccer games and the coaches' ability to recognize them
Teaching is a profession notorious for high 'burn-out', with some describing this process  beginning as early as student teaching. Struggling teachers feel disconnected and uninspired. On the side  of them, new teachers make their way through their induction years. At schools and in universities  experienced teachers and researchers have a lot of contextual knowledge and competences. Value  increasing projects like peer group mentoring are needed to enhance both conceptual and practical  implications for understanding learning in professional communities. The present study is aimed at  investigating factors which contribute to variations of teachers and researchers coping through the  stages of their professional lives. The idea of sustaining the commitment goes back to the conception of  social learning in communities of practice (Wenger, 1998). The 14-month program of 15 ECTS credits (400  hours) was started in 2010 in Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), in the School of Vocational  Teacher Education (SVTE) and is continuing still, starting with slight alterations every year. Each year a  group of about 10 experienced professionals are educated to act as peer group mentors in their work  places. Yearly their expectations, feedbacks and overall evaluations are collected to form a data basis for  research. Among the most convincing features expressed in the research material which support the  planned aims was the acquisition of fresh attitudes towards work places, their functions and the  employees' roles in them. Besides widened perspectives, feelings of collegial respect, sense of  professional ethics and personal positive attitudes to professional growth were apparent.
The program
The many faces of bereavement : the nature and treatment of natural, traumatic, and stigmatized grief
Sketch for a theory of the emotions
Eating mindfully : how to end mindless eating and enjoy a balanced relationship with food
Using Blob tools to express feelings and emotions in occupational  therapy : experiences from five Finnish Occupational Therapists
“Don't give me away, Mummy” : message and emotion in a Jewish woman's Holocaust narrative
Best laid schemes : the psychology of emotions
Content-based approach to experiencing visual art
Happiness and joy in corpus contexts : a cognitive semantic analysis
How do teachers benefit from training on social interaction skills? : developing and utilising an instrument for the evaluation of teachers' social and emotional learning
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 1, Foundations
A book of feelings : starring Sam, Kate and Fuzzy Bean
The structure of emotions : investigations in cognitive philosophy
The laws of emotion
Managing turbulent hearts : a Balinese formula for living
Feature selection for classification of music according to expressed emotion
The logical structure of joy (and many other emotions)
The Oceanic Feeling: A Case Study in Existential Feeling
Love's return : psychoanalytic essays on childhood, teaching, and learning
Handbook of emotion elicitation and assessment
Regulating pre-performance psychobiosocial states with music
Tough guys : (have feelings too)
Music and emotions
Human motivation and emotion
Children's perception of emotion in music : a cross-cultural study
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
Applying of   Emotional Intelligence in the Workplace:Success Strategies for Russian Female Leaders in Finland
Emotion, character, and responsibility
Transgressor of the nation
Consciousness & emotion : agency, conscious choice, and selective perception
The girls
The impact of parental behaviors on children's negative emotions
Cross-cultural analysis of teacher confirmation, student motivation, classroom emotion and emotional interest in China, Korea and Japan
Leadership : the power of emotional intelligence : selected writings
The very grumpy day
The close relationship between motion (bodily movement) and emotion (feelings) is not an etymological coincidence. While moving ourselves, we move others; in observing others move - we are moved ourselves. The fundamentally interpersonal nature of mind and language has recently received due attention, but the key role of (e)motion in this context has remained something of a blind spot. The present book rectifies this gap by gathering contributions from leading philosophers, psychologists and linguists working in the area. Framed by an introducing prologue and a summarizing epilogue (written by Colwyn Trevarthen, who brought the phenomenological notion of intersubjectivity to a wider audience some 30 years ago), the volume elaborates a dynamical, active view of emotion, along with an affect-laden view of motion - and explores their significance for consciousness, intersubjectivity, and language. As such, it contributes to the emerging interdisciplinary field of mind science, transcending hitherto dominant computationalist and cognitivist approaches.
Emotional goal-directed behaviour during affective picture viewing shown by changes in viewing distance and duration
Expression of the emotions in man
Human emotions : a sociological theory
Moving ourselves, moving others : motion and emotion in intersubjectivity, consciousness and language
I feel frightened
Everybody feels...angry!
Modelling machine emotions for realizing intelligence : foundations and applications
Studying Sensitive and Contradictory Family Situations - Considerations from Three Family Studies
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
Against empathy : the case for rational compassion
Aggression : biological, developmental, and social perspectives
"The New York Times bestselling author examines how our sense of touch and emotion are interconnected   Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world.  From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives-affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
The emotions of foreign language teachers in relation to students
Personnel managers and crisis situations : emotion-handling strategies
Effects of musical valence on the cognitive processing of lyrics
3rd International Conference on Music & Emotion : Jyväskylä, June 11-15, 2013, programme, abstracts, proceedings
Wax on, wax off, or whatever works for you : on the role of pre-competition emotions in elite karateka
Performance-related fear experiences, coping and perceived functional impact on highly skilled athletes
On understanding emotion
Morality and the emotions
Affect regulation, mental health disorders, and maladaptive brain responses in music listening : a correlational study
Emotion : the science of sentiment
My emotions expressed by music
The colour monster
The psychology and biology of emotion
Death and Mortality - From Individual to Communal Perspectives
A tear is an intellectual thing : the meanings of emotion
The harmful effects of parental substance abuse on children
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
Research agendas in the sociology of emotions
Life-related negative customer emotions in real estate agent encounters
A study of emotions in the family business succession
Approaches to emotion
Promoting products with fear : positive emotional responses to fear appeals in promotional television advertising
Franklin says I love you
Varietes of affect
Emotion in multilingual interaction
Feeling bodies : embodying psychology
The great big book of feelings
Self-report measurement of segmentation, mimesis and perceived emotions in acousmatic electroacoustic music
Noocyada dreenka oo dhan = All kinds of feelings
Existentialism and human emotions
Emotional obstacles of e-learning
Introducing emotional intelligence : a practical guide
Emotions, Somatization and Psychiatric Symptoms among the Akan
A general theory of emotions and social life
Emotions in the human voice. Vol. 2, Clinical evidence
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
Appraisal processes in emotion : theory, methods, research
"Organic is the most valuable thing there is" : legitimating the consumption of organic food products by emotions
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Development of emotions and emotion regulation
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Gender and the telephone : voice and emotions shaping and gendering space
Dealing with emotions and health : a population study of Alexithymia in middle-aged men
Handbook of music and emotion : theory, research, applications
Recognition, intensity perception and interpretation of affective prosody in schizophrenia
