http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3480 income distribution
income distribution
The distribution of earnings in Finland 1971-1990
Measuring inequality
Aspects of  worker well-being
Essays on income distribution and poverty
Economic theory and social justice
A theory of income distribution
Welfare. Vol. 2, Measuring social welfare
A theory of earnings distribution
Trends in income distribution in the post-world war II period : evidence and interpretation
The great recession and the distribution of household income
Tulonjakotilasto 2005 = Inkomstfördelningsstatistik = Income distribution statistics
Interests, institutions and the welfare state : studies on public opinion towards the welfare state
The paper gives a brief overview of the evolving fiscal federalist relations in post-Soviet Russia from the early 1990s up to recent changes in 2004.Since the initial period of disintegration and the “parade of sovereignties” in the mid-1990s, the tide has clearly turned in favour of central power.The authors describe and discuss the main administrative reforms in this area initiated during Putin’s presidency.The paper also offers a characterisation of regional finances in terms of revenues, expenditures and transfers in recent years.The tendency towards recentralising economic and political decision-making is clearly observed. Key words: Russia, fiscal federalism, regional policy .
The expansion of higher education and time-consistent taxation
The economics of education : human capital, family background and inequality
The economics of inequality, poverty, and discrimination in the 21st century / Robert S. Rycroft, editor. Volume II, Solutions
Taxation and economic behaviour
Income distribution and regional development
Abstract.
Efficiency and decentralization in the supply of public goods
Economic aspects of regional welfare : income distribution and unemployment
Essays on trade unions and functional income distribution
Realizing hope : life beyond capitalism
The economics of inequality, poverty, and discrimination in the 21st century / Robert S. Rycroft, editor. Volume I, Causes
The myth of the welfare state
The study of welfare state regimes
Income mobility, income risk and age : Finnish experiences in 1995-2008
The affluent society
The structure and distribution of income in Estonia and Finland
Hierarchical assignments : stability and fairness
Modelling of consumer behaviour and wealth distribution
The rural-urban divide economic disparities and interactions in China
Producing time series data for income distribution : sources, methods and techniques
Factors of income inequality and their influence mechanisms : a theoretical overview
Perspectives on poverty and income distribution
Unveiling inequality : a world-historical perspective
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
Voting for environmental policy under income and preference heterogeneity
Work and wealth : a human valuation
Capital without borders : wealth managers and the one percent
Income disparities in China : an OECD perspective
Handbook of income inequality measurement
Tulonjakotilasto 1980 = Inkomstfördelningsstatistik = Income distribution statistics
The super-rich shall inherit the earth
Redistribution of personal incomes, education and economic performance across countries
Differences in wages and redistribution as migration incentives
Economic development, poverty, and income distribution
The enlightened society : the economy with a human face
Class inequality in austerity Britain : power, difference and suffering
Inequalities in health : evidence presented to the Independent Inquiry in Inequalities in Health, chaired by Sir Donald Acheson
Grants and exchange
Income distribution in Europe and the United States
Structural adjustment : the SAPRI report : the policy roots of economic crisis, poverty, and inequality
The great divide : unequal societies and what we can do about them
Securing the fruits of labor : the American concept of wealth distribution, 1765-1900
Perspectives on inequality and social protection
Tax policy for aging societies : lessons from Japan
Capital accumulation and income distribution
Poverty, inequality and income distribution in comparative perspective : the Luxembourg income study (LIS)
Patterns of potential human progress. Volume 1, Reducing global poverty
Intrinsic mathematical properties of classes of income redistributive policies
Chasing the red, white, and blue : a journey in Tocqueville's footsteps through contemporary America
Improving measures of economic well-being
Generating inequality
"E. Wayne Nafziger analyzes the economic development of Asia, Africa, Latin America, and East-Central Europe. The book is suitable for those with a background in economics principles. Nafziger explains the reasons for the recent fast growth of India, Poland, Brazil, China, and other Pacific Rim countries, and the slow, yet essential, growth for a turnaround of sub-Saharan Africa. The fifth edition of the text, written by a scholar of developing countries, is replete with real-world examples and up-to-date information. Nafziger discusses poverty, income inequality, hunger, unemployment, the environment and carbon-dioxide emissions, and the widening gap between rich (including middle-income) and poor countries. Other new components include the rise and fall of models based on Russia, Japan, China/Taiwan/Korea, and North America; randomized experiments to assess aid; an exploration of whether information technology and mobile phones can provide poor countries with a shortcut to prosperity; and a discussion of how worldwide financial crises, debt, and trade and capital markets affect developing countries"--Provided by publisher.
Peasants versus city-dwellers : taxation and the burden of economic development
Employment, income distribution and consumption : long-term objectives and structural changes : proceedings of a Seminar of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe, organized under the auspices of the Senior Economic Advisers to ECE Governments, Saint-Maximin-la-Sainte-Baume (France), 6-13 September 1977
How rich is too rich? : income and wealth in America
Determinants of income inequality and its effects on economic growth : evidence from African countries
The war on welfare : family, poverty, and politics in modern America
Recent trends in income inequality in Finland : Marja Riihelä ... [et al.]
Measurement of a multidimentional [sic] index of globalization and its impact on income inequality
Redistribution with growth : policies to improve distribution in developing countries
Economic inequality and income distribution
Practices of poverty measurement and poverty profile of Nepal : september 2004
Handbook of income distribution. Vol. 1
Comparative adjustments for missingness in short-term panels : applications to questions of household income distribution
The economic future of American families : income and wealth trends
Income distribution and the macroeconomy
he ungoing economic reform in Russia has in many respects proceeded without taking into consideration the social questions, which, however, are an essential part of the transformation from socialist planning to a market economy.In order to not to exceed the limit, which the most suffering part of the population can bear, it is vital to migitate the negative social consequences of the reform within the budget constraint.In our view it is possible to find a compromise between social and economic problems through priorising the most acute social problems and the most vulnerable groups of people as well as optimising forms and methods of economic reform in order to minimize its social consequences. The study is organised as follows: the chapter one stresses the actuality of questions related to social sector.The chapter two concentrates on statistical problems in analyzing the situation in the Russian social sector.The main social problems - poverty, unemployment, the situation in medicine, culture, science and education as well as the military, political and criminal insecurity - are analyzed in chapter three.The development of the situation in mentioned social spheres has been analyzed mainly in the period of 1992 - 1996 with the emphasis on the years 1995-1996. The chapter four consists of two parts.The first one gives a picture of the regional differences of social problems, which in Russia are large.The other part of the chapter is devoted to classification of Russians into groups according to their incomes and naming the most acute social problems for these groups.As a conclusion a table of the objective and subjective reasons for the critical situation in Russian social sector is presented. Keywords: social sector, poverty, unemployment, medicine, culture, science, education, criminality, Russia .
Transition and income distribution : theory, evidence and initial interpretation
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Power and privilege : a theory of social stratification
The economic impacts of tax - transfer policy : regional and distributional effects
Income disparity and economic growth : evidence from People's Republic of China
Public interest and market pressures : problems posed by Europe 1992
Measuring economic inequality : some simple calculations with Finnish data
What determines regional inequality in China? / a survey of  the literature and official data
Tulonjakotilasto 1986 = Inkomstfördelningsstatistik 1986 = Income distribution statistics 1986.
Total capitalism : market politics, market state
From marginalism to institutionalism : distributional consequences of the transformation of the Finnish pension regime
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
Income distribution and government finances in the BOF4 model of the Finnish economy
Assessing the effects of Swedish tax and benefit reforms on income distribution using different income concepts
Flat world, big gaps : economic liberalization, globalization, poverty and inequality
Framework for assessing the distribution of financial effects of environmental policies
Economic transfers in the United States : papers presented at the Conference on Social Accounting for Transfers held in Madison, WI, on 14-15 May, 1982
Trade and income distribution
The politics of rich and poor : wealth and the American electorate in the Reagan aftermath
Economic justice : selected readings
The no-nonsense guide to world poverty
Demography or income packaging : what explains the income distribution of the Netherlands
The share of wages in the national income : an enquiry into the theory of distribution
Modern rice technology and income distribution in Asia
Production income and welfare : the search for an optimal social order
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Input-output analysis and the structure of income distribution
Employment, wages and income distribution : critical essays in economics
Technological change, labour contracts and income distribution
Economic inequality and household production : the effects of specialization of genders
Post-Keynesian economics : debt, distribution and the macro economy
Who loses in the downturn? : economic crisis, employment and income distribution
The society and population health reader. Vol. 1, Income inequality and health
A survey of national sources of income distribution statistics : first report
Competitiveness, income distribution, and growth in the Philippines : what does the long-run evidence show?
The effects of international remittances on poverty, inequality, and development in rural Egypt
Self-selection and earnings of emigrants from a welfare state
Falling inequality in Latin America : policy changes and lessons
Social protection in the nordic countries 2005 : scope, expenditure and financing
A decomposition of inequality and poverty changes in the context of macroeconomic adjustment : a microsimultation study for Côte d'Ivoire
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Employment, incomes and equality : a strategy for increasing productive employment in Kenya
Income distribution theory
Income distribution policies for faster poverty reduction
Wealth, income and inequality
Tackling inequalities : where are we now and what can be done?
The divide : American injustice in the age of the wealth gap
Income distribution in less developed countries
Europe's disappearing middle class? : evidence from the world of work
Income distribution statistics
Capital without Borders will offer the first in-depth, cross-national examination of the wealth management profession: an extremely powerful professional group about which little is known, except that it controls large flows of capital around the world and has a significant impact on growing wealth inequality. With Oxfam estimating that 1 percent of the global population will own more than half the world's assets by 2016, and policymakers voicing increasingly urgent concerns about the political impact of inequality, this book offers a timely look at the evolution and activities of this central group of players. To understand the workings of their profession, and its complex legal and financial innovations, the author spent two years training to become a wealth manager herself. This experience gave her unique access to practitioners and their methods, and the opportunity to conduct over 60 interviews with wealth managers in 17 countries, from Switzerland to the British Virgin Islands, and from Singapore to South Africa. The findings shed light on the dynamics of growing world wealth inequality, and how they are fueled by political and economic forces. The research will inform ongoing debates about globalization and financialization, in part by making abstract issues concrete and easy to understand for a general readership. Capital without Borders explains the use of offshore banks, shell corporations, and trusts to hide billions in private wealth not only from taxation, but from all manner of legal obligations--including to creditors and family members. Such insights will be of interest not only to scholars and policy-makers, but to anyone interested in the world of wealth and high finance.
On the distribution of income in Scandinavia
While recent studies have highlighted the phenomenon and risks of increased inequalities between the top and the bottom of society, little research has so far been carried out on trends relating to the median income range that generally represents the middle class. This volume examines the following questions: what are the main transformations in the world of work over the last 20 years in terms of the labour market, social dialogue and conditions of work, wages and incomes that may have affected the middle class? How has the middle class been altered by the financial and economic crisis? What are the long-term trends for the middle class in Europe? This volume also investigates the potential risks and effects of the reshuffling, or even weakening, of the middle class. On the social side, it explores the ramifications of further retrenchment of the European Social Model, which to a great extent has traditionally been funded by the middle class. On the economic side, the book investigates whether this process - especially from the perspective of consumption and human capital - is endangering the long-term sustainability of the current economic model. While presenting evidence of a definite erosion of the middle class, this book assesses the specific situation in each individual EU member state on the basis of detailed statistics and case studies of professional categories that traditionally represent the middle class. This book issues a timely warning about the latest trends and prospects for the middle class in Europe. On this basis, it presents policy considerations and options that will be useful to policy-makers for ensuring the future of the middle class in Europe. Scholars and researchers of European studies and social policy, especially from a sustainability perspective, will find this volume to be an invaluable reference.
Wealth in America : trends in wealth inequality
Looks at the history of the Occupy Movement, its roots, the links between income distribution and the economic crisis, and its impact around the globe.
Unequal gains : American growth and inequality since 1700
Income differences : recent research
Income distribution and economic development : an analytical survey
Can educational policy equalise income distribution in Latin America?
Income distribution policies and economic growth in semiindustrialized countries : a comparative study of Iran, Mexico, Brazil, and South Korea
The international evidence on income distribution in modern economies
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
Age profiles of earnings and income : evidence from Finnish panel data
Social welfare spending : accounting for changes from 1950 to 1978
Income inequality and poverty in Malaysia
Capitalism : a ghost story
Public welfare services and inequality : introduction to methodology and some examples with the 1985 Finnish household expenditure survey data
Tulonjakotilasto 2006 = Inkomstfördelningsstatistik = Income distribution statistics
Years of poverty, years of plenty : the changing economic fortunes of American workers and families
Income distributions : a comparison across countries and time
Social consequences of economic reform in Russia
The Occupy handbook
In search for a smoking gun : what makes income inequality vary over time in different countries
Sharing rising incomes : disparities in China
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
Personal wealth from a global perspective
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
Corporate and capital income tax reform in a numerical overlapping generations model : the case of Finland
Intergenerational income distribution : report of the Working Group on Intergenerational Income Distribution
The effects of expanding education on the distribution of income in Ceará
Privatization, asset distribution and equity in transitional economies
Capitalists, workers, and fiscal policy : a classical model of growth and distribution
Summary: Analysis of the factors of income inequality: the structural equation modelling approach.
The public economics of redistribution and the welfare state
Poverty & household economic strategies in Malaysian new villages
Computable general equilibrium analysis of income distribution policies in Zimbabwe
This land is their land : reports from a divided nation
Affluence and poverty in the Middle East
The perverse economy : the impact of markets on people and the environment
Has Latin America always been unequal? : a comparative study of asset and income inequality in the long twentieth century
Choosing justice : an experimental approach to ethical theory
Income distribution policy in developing countries : a case study of Korea
Econophysics of income and wealth distributions
Redesigning distribution : basic income and stakeholder grants as alternative cornerstones for a more egalitarian capitalism
Developing business ethics in China
Capital in the twenty-first century
Market development in China : spillovers, growth, and inequality
We are many : reflections on movement strategy from occupation to liberation
Post-industrial capitalism : exploring economic inequality in America
Income redistribution within the life cycle versus between individuals : Empirical evidence using swedish panel data
Income distribution by sectors and overtime in East and Southeast Asian countries : selected papers presented for the CAMS-Hitotsubashi seminar held at Narita on September 5 to 7, 1977
Beyond the welfare state : an examination of basic incomes in a market economy
Personal income distribution : proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association, Noordwijk an Zee, Netherlands, April 18-23, 1977
Income mobility, persistent inequality and age, recent experiences from Finland
Personal income distribution : a multicapability theory
Income distribution during the transition in China
Poverty and inequality : the political economy of redistribution
Black asset poverty and the enduring racial divide
Immigrants' relative earnings : differences compared to natives at different parts of the earnings distribution
The personal distribution of income and wealth
Estimating the long-run relationship between income inequality and economic development
