http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3481 level of earnings
level of earnings
Health, skills and labor market success
Essays on family and labor economics
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Behavior of wage rates during business cycles
Essays on earnings and human capital in Kenya
Post-unemployment wages and economic incentives to exit from unemployment
33 artists in 3 acts
Ansiotasoindeksi 1990=100 : käyttäjän käsikirja = The index of wage and salary earnings 1990=100 : handbook for users
Housing allowance and the rent of low-income households
Were the women of Kotka tough?
Teachers' pay
European marketing data and statistics 2001.
Ansiotasoindeksi 1995=100 : käyttäjän käsikirja = The index of wages and salary earnings 1995=100 : handbook for users
It runs in the family : empirical analyses of family background and economic status
European economy. Reports and studies. 2000, 1, Report on the implementation of the 1999 broad economic policy guidelines
Dimensions of the wage-unemployment relationship in the Nordic countries : wage flexibility without wage curves
Empirical studies of income distribution
Machine costs in logging with power saw in Finland in 1951-1963
Trade and wages : leveling wages down
Wages, inequality and consequences for the economy
Imports, exports, and the American worker
Industry wage differentials in Finland, 1989
Returns to human capital in Europe : a literature review
Essays on human capital and earnings in Finland
Pensions and pensioners' disposable income : trends in 1990-2005
The purpose of this thesis is to define an Intelligent Milking System as a modern technology and innovation in the dairy farming that allows farmers to use computerized machines to do diversified activities regarding their dairy cattle management and productions systems. This thesis will explain why Kenya should adopt the use of this milking system in its dairy sector. In addition, it will explore how this system works in a typical dairy farm and highlight important considerations that will ensure farmers get high quality services and products. Moreover, it will present the importance of using milking machines in the dairy sector and how this has changed the lives of farmers, their animals and dependants. The paper will describe two Finnish case studies where Intelligent Milking System (IMS) has been successfully embraced. It will also highlight the significance of adopting this practice by the Kenya Dairy Board (KDB) to boost milk production quality and quantity in Kenya. Lastly, it will present recommendations on how this method can be improved to ensure there is a maximum profit generation, reduced costs and improved quality and quantity of milk supply.
Hard work : life in low-pay Britain
Abstract (s. 7).
The human capital interpretation of wage determination
Fertility development in Estonia during the second half of the XX century : the economic context and its implications
Empirical inquiries and the assessment of social progress in Western Europe : a historical perspective
Key data on teachers and school leaders in Europe : 2013 edition, Eurydice report
A panel study of migration, household real earnings and self-selection
Indirect effects of unemployment and low earnings : crime and children's school performance
The state of Helsinki region 2009 : European comparisons
Income inequality and health : a multi-country analysis
Ka-ching : salaries made public
Summary  (s. 5-8).
The effects of marriage partners' socio-economic positions on the risk of divorce in Finland
Industry wage differentials in Finland : 1989
Career mobility in Finnish industry
The gender wage gap in Finnish industry in 1980-1994 : an empirical analysis of non-manual workers
Palkansaajien ansiotasoindeksi 1985=100 = The index of wage and salary earnings 1985=100
Wage determination and sex segregation in employment in the European Community : network of experts on the situation of women in the labour market
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
The effect of immigrant labour on wages and price levels in the construction industry in Finland
Disability and work in Sweden
Labour's reward : real wages and economic change in 19th- and 20th Europe
Education and employment = Formation et emploi
Unequal pay for women and men : evidence from the British birth cohort studies
White-collar sweatshop : the deterioration of work and its rewards in corporate America
Earnings in agriculture
Wage differentials, wage mobility and skills in Finnish industry : an empirical analysis of the period 1980-1992
The Swedish bargaining system in the melting pot : institutions, norms and outcomes in the 1990s : by Nils Elvander and Bertil Holmlund
Does education reduce wage inequality? : quantile regressions evidence from fifteen European countries
Regional convergence and migration in Finland 1960-95
What draws people to urban growth centers : jobs vs. pay?
Essays on the twins approach in empirical labor economics
Policies for low wage employment and social exclusion
Can migration decisions be affected by income taxation policies?
Setting adequacy standards : how governments define minimum incomes
Essays on macroeconomic fluctuations and nominal wage rigidity
Intergenerational mobility of socio-economic status in comparative perspective
A code of practice on the implementation of equal pay for work of equal value for men and women
Compensation
Women and welfare : theory and practice in the United States and Europe
Essays on microeconometrics and immigrant assimilation
Industrial labor in the U.S.S.R
Index of wage and salary earnings
Wage formation in Finland in the 1980's : an econometric study
Flexible and committed profit sharing with wage bargaining : implications for equilibrium unemployment
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
Rising wealth inequality and changing social structure in rural China, 1988-95
Women in the labor market
Abstract (1 s.).
How much is enough? : money and the good life
Money : who has how much and why
Abstract (s. 3).
Interview and register data in income distribution analysis : experiences from the Finnish European Community household panel survey in 1996
Unobserved human capital and firm-size premium
Wage from work and gender : a study on differentials in Finland in 1985
Issues in the global tobacco economy : selected case studies
Newsletter : labour market statistics
Wage mobility in Finnish industry in 1980-1994
Essays on individual wage differences and firm wage policies
Employer size-wage effects in the Nordic countries
Biennial report on social services of general interest
Wages and salaries of women and men
Age-wage profiles for Finnish workers
Internet as a trade union tool : WageIndicator and Finnish nurses as an example
Equality in death? : how the social positions of individuals and families are linked to mortality
Job search and wage bargaining
Is little brother nothing but trouble? : educational attainment, returns to schooling and sibling structure
Intelligent milking systems : computerized dairy cows management and control systems
Education and wage inequality in Europe : a literature review
Inequality in incomes and access to education : a cross-country analysis
The declining significance of gender?
Labour productivity growth and industry structure : the impact of industry structure on productivity growth, export prices and labour compensation
Myths of rich & poor : why we're better off than we think
Mobility and earnings : an analysis of Finnish manufacturing and services
Compensation : theory, evidence, and strategic implications
Migration and individual earnings in Finland : a regional perspective
Focus on poverty
Income poverty in advanced countries
The wage curve in the Nordic countries : an anlysis of the relationship between regional wages and unemployment using micro-data
Human capital and industry wage differentials in Finland
Labour economics
