http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3489 troubadours
troubadours
Assembling the lyric self : authorship from Troubadour song to Italian poetry book
Best known for their love-songs and invention of Courtly Love, the troubadours were also fascinated by debate. Like their contemporaries throughout the medieval world who sharpened their wit and intellect on scholastic disputations, the troubadours devised their entire, multifaceted lyric production on the basis of many forms of dialogue: intertextual debates, satirical challenges, self-questioning, mini-dramas. This debating process is nowhere more in evidence than in the troubadour tensos and partimens. This three-volume critical edition makes available for the first time the massive corpus of 160 tensos and partimens involving real speakers. They supply a mine of new information on the medieval Occitan language, contemporary politics, courtly and judicial mores, and attitudes to gender, class, and ethnic stereotypes, often presenting a picture of courtly life, love and sexual relations very different from that of the better-known love-lyric. The edition meets the highest standards of scholarly rigour: the notes and critical apparatus are as minimal as scholarly probity allows but always helpful and well-argued, taking due account of previous scholarship, and the translations clear, accurate and elegant. A cumulative index, bibliography and glossary aid access to these volumes which fill one of the last major gaps in our knowledge of medieval Occitan literature. RUTH HARVEY is Professor of medieval Occitan literature at Royal Holloway, University of London; LINDA PATERSON is Professor Emerita of French at the University of Warwick. They were assisted by Anna Radaelli.
The wise man's fear
Parrots and nightingales : troubadour quotations and the development of European poetry
Courtly Seductions, Modern Subjections : Troubadour Literature and the Medieval Construction of the Modern World
The making of romantic love : longing and sexuality in Europe, South Asia, and Japan, 900-1200 CE
A new date for William of Aquitaine's "song of penance" (Song 11)
Troubadours : Medieval music to sing and play
Thematic catalogue of troubadour and trouvère melodies
The women troubadours
Andrea da Barberino and the language of Chivalry
The great melodies the world loves best, vol.7
The troubadour tensos and partimens : a critical edition
Troubadours : medieval music to sing and play
The troubadour lyric : a psychocritical reading
Ermengard of Narbonne and the world of the troubadours
Memory and re-creation in troubadour lyric
The world of the troubadours : medieval Occitan society, c. 1100 - c. 1300
The end of Asia
Culture and society in Medieval Occitania
Editing the nation's memory : textual scholarship and nation-building in nineteenth-century Europe
Song of the Saurials
The event of encounter in art and philosophy : continental perspectives
Troubadour poems from the south of France
Songs of the women troubadours
Eight centuries of troubadours and trouvères : the changing identity of medieval music
Lark in the morning : the verses of the troubadours
Tearful performance : when troubadours weep
Lyrics of the troubadours and trouvères : an anthology and a history
Troubadours and love
Alone of all her sex : the myth and cult of the Virgin Mary
Love in the Western world
Desire by gender and genre in trouvère song
Anthology of the Provencal troubadours
Giving voice to love : song and self-expression from the troubadours to Guillaume de Machaut
The name of the wind
The Cathars and the Albigensian Crusade : a sourcebook
Thomas the Rhymer : a romance
Songs of chivalry
Thomas the rhymer : a romance
The lark and the wren
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 208, Literature of the French and Occitan Middle Ages : eleventh to fifteenth centuries
The troubadours : an introduction
Where troubadours were bishops : the Occitania of Folc of Marseille (1150-1231)
Dolssor Conina : lust, the bawdy, and obscenity in medieval Occitan and Galician-Portuguese troubadour poetry and Latin secular love song
Love and theft : blackface minstrelsy and the American working class
This unique study of the cult of the Virgin Mary offers a way of thinking about the interrelations of Catholicism and ideas of ideal femininity over the longue duree. An ambitious history of the changing symbolism of the Mother of God, Alone of All Her Sex holds up to the light different emphases occurring at different times, and highlights that the apparent archetype of a magna mater is constantly in play with social and historical conditions and values. Marina Warner's interesting perspective was forged in the aftermath of significant postwar developments in history, anthropology, and feminism and the book inspired fierce debates when it was first published in 1976. Alone of All Her Sex is also an emotive, personal statement, arising from Warner's own upbringing as a Catholic. It picks up on classic accounts such as Mary MacCarthy's Memoirs of a Catholic Girlhood and Antonia White's Frost in May, as well as the author's own experiences at a Catholic boarding school. Highly controversial in conservative quarters, the book's arguments were welcomed and recognised by many readers who shared Warner's experiences. In this new edition, Marina Warner has written a new preface which reviews the book in the light of the current debate about secularism, faith, nations, and social identities. She takes issue with her original mistaken conclusion that the modern age would see the cult of Mary fade away and revises it in the light of recent popes' enthusiasm for the Mother of God, a fresh wave of visions and revelations, a new generation of female saints, and the reorientation of theological approaches to the woman question.
The songs of Carl Michael Bellman
Troubadours, Trouvères, Minne- and Meistersingers
Troubadour songs and medieval lyrics
Amor de lonh - on textual encounters
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist.
Summoned to tourney : an urban fantasy
