http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3486 prohibition acts
prohibition acts
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition
Jews and booze : becoming American in the age of prohibition
American moonshine & prohibition
Prohibition and the progressive movement 1900-1920
Nightdriver
Capone : the life and world of Al Capone
Summary: Crime in history.
The politics of the veil
Bright young things
The war on alcohol : Prohibition and the rise of the American state
Prohibition has long been portrayed as a 'noble experiment' that failed, a newsreel story of glamorous gangsters, flappers, and speakeasies. Now at last Lisa McGirr dismantles this cherished myth to reveal a much more significant history. Prohibition was the seedbed for a pivotal expansion of the federal government, the genesis of our contemporary penal state. Her deeply researched, eye-opening account uncovers patterns of enforcement still familiar today: the war on alcohol was waged disproportionately in African American, immigrant, and poor white communities. Alongside Jim Crow and other discriminatory laws, Prohibition brought coercion into everyday life and even into private homes. Its targets coalesced into an electoral base of urban, working-class voters that propelled FDR to the White House. This outstanding history also reveals a new genome for the activist American state, one that shows the DNA of the right as well as the left. It was Herbert Hoover who built the extensive penal apparatus used by the federal government to combat the crime spawned by Prohibition. The subsequent federal wars on crime, on drugs, and on terror all display the inheritances of the war on alcohol. McGirr shows the powerful American state to be a bipartisan creation, a legacy not only of the New Deal and the Great Society but also of Prohibition and its progeny.
Live by night
The music of Prohibition
Smuggling spirits. Book two
Boardwalk empire. The complete fifth season
The system of administrative and penal sanctions in Sweden
Prohibition gangsters : the rise and fall of a bad generation
The bootlegger
Regulating alcohol around the world : policy cocktails
White man's wicked water : the alcohol trade and prohibition in Indian country, 1802-1892
Last call : the rise and fall of Prohibition
Live by night : a novel
Deuteronomy 4 and the second commandment
Indians, alcohol, and the roads to Taos and Santa Fe
Boardwalk empire. The complete fourth season
Finnish prohibition as an economic policy issue
In the culture of the American West, images abound of Indians drunk on the white man’s firewater, a historical stereotype William Unrau has explored in two previous books. His latest study focuses on how federally-developed roads from Missouri to northern New Mexico facilitated the diffusion of both spirits and habits of over-drinking within Native American cultures. Unrau investigates how it came about that distilled alcohol, designated illegal under penalty of federal fines and imprisonment as a trade item for Indian people, was nevertheless easily obtainable by most Indians along the Taos and Santa Fe roads after 1821. Unrau reveals how the opening of those overland trails, their designation as national roads, and the establishment of legal boundaries of “Indian Country” all combined to produce an increasingly unstable setting in which Osage, Kansa, Southern Cheyenne, Arapahoe, Kiowa, and Comanche peoples entered into an expansive trade for alcohol along these routes. Unrau describes how Missouri traders began meeting Anglo demand for bison robes and related products, obtaining these commodities in exchange for corn and wheat alcohol and ensnaring Prairie and Plains Indians in a market economy that became dependent on this exchange. He tells how the distribution of illicit alcohol figured heavily in the failure of Indian prohibition, with drinking becoming an unfortunate learned behavior among Indians, and analyzes this trade within the context of evolving federal Indian law, policy, and enforcement in Indian Country. Unrau’s research suggests that the illegal trade along this route may have been even more important than the legal commerce moving between the mouth of the Kansas River and the Mexican markets far to the southwest. He also considers how and why the federal government failed to police and take into custody known malefactors, thereby undermining its announced program for tribal improvement.Indians, Alcohol, and the Roads to Taos and Santa Fe cogently explores the relationship between politics and economics in the expanding borderlands of the United States. It fills a void in the literature of the overland Indian trade as it reveals the enduring power of the most pernicious trade good in Indian Country.
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition / edited by Matilda Hellman, Gun Roos & Julius von Wright
An experimental comparison of statistical and case history methods of attitude research
Last man standing
The complete illustrated guide to the presidents of America : an authoritative history of the American presidency, shown in more than 460 photographs and illustrations
Dry Manhattan : prohibition in New York City
The chemical weapons convention : a commentary
In White Man's Wicked Water William Unrau tells the compelling story of how an alcohol-sodden society introduced drink to the Indians. That same society then instituted futile policies to control the flow of alcohol to tribes who, as one superintendent put it, "have not the moral force to resist temptation." Unrau dispels that racial-deficiency theory and debunks the belief that prohibition was carried out by well-intended reformers. Scholars have often viewed the sale of alcohol to Native Americans as a ploy by Euro-Americans to trick them into unfair land and trade deals. But Unrau makes it clear that alcoholic consumption by Native Americans was the inevitable consequence of cultural confluence, not of conscious white subversion. Indian inebriation in the nineteenth century, he shows, essentially mimicked the habits of white Americans who - spurred on by prevailing attitudes and federal law - were aspiring to integrate the natives into the cultural mainstream.
European Union non-discrimination law and intersectionality : investigating the triangle of racial, gender and disability discrimination
Bootleg : murder, moonshine, and the lawless years of prohibition
Drink and the Victorians : the temperance question in England 1815-1872
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Symbolic crusade : status politics and the American temperance movement
