http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3494 humanities
humanities
The psychology research handbook : a guide for graduate students and research assistants
Language and responsibility : based on conversations with Mitsou Ronat
Human inquiry in action : developments in new paradigm research
The politics of method in the human sciences : positivism and its epistemological others
The lively science : remodeling human social research
Philosophical hermeneutics and the human sciences : some consequences
Philosophy and the human sciences
Getting your PhD : a practical insider's guide
The Norton history of the human sciences
Hermeneutica : computer-assisted interpretation in the humanities
The mad science book : 100 amazing experiments from the history of science
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Human rights and scientific and technological development : studies on the affirmative use of science and technology for the furtherance of human rights, commissioned as a special project by the United Nations University, following a reference to the University by the United Nations Human Rights Commission
Since the late nineteenth century the human and the social sciences have had a profound impact on how Western societies have defined and sought to solve social problems. Explaining crime by reference to abnormalities of the brain, using market research techniques to modify political strategies, or employing therapeutic institutions to promote democratic citizenship - these are just three examples of how the human and social sciences have been applied since 1880. Experts from many disciplines have occupied key positions in state and society, guided political decisions, and helped to establish new social institutions and practices. Their expertise has had to compete with other forms of knowledge and has been used by politicians and social actors for their own ends. Providing a trans-disciplinary and comparative perspective, the essays in this volume address the tension between the claims to objectivity and the politicization of expert knowledge, examine the relationship between knowledge and power, and discuss long-term historical developments, transcending the political caesuras of twentieth-century.
Rhetoric and the digital humanities
Work in the home
Phenomenological research methods
Introduction to the human sciences : an attempt to lay a foundation for the study of society and history
Applying the Rasch model : fundamental measurement in the human sciences
How to think straight about psychology
Reflections on research : the realities of doing research in the social sciences
Foundations of mixed methods research : integrating quantitative and qualitative approaches in the social and behavioral sciences
Practice and the human sciences : the case for a judgment-based practice of care
Social construction in context
Theology and the philosophy of science
Phenomenology and the human sciences
"With increasing interest being shown in participatory research models, whether it be Wikipedia, World of Warcraft, participatory writing (like Montfort et al's 10 Print or Laurel et al's Design Research) or the more traditional communal research cultures of the arts collective or engineering lab, the Humanities is increasingly relying on computational tools to do the 'heavy lifting' necessary to process all of this information. Hermeneuti.ca, as its name implies, is about hermeneutical things--the computing tools of research that are usually hidden--how to use them, and how they are interpretative objects to be understood. Hermeneuti.ca is both a book and also a web site (http://hermeneuti.ca) that shows the interactive text analysis tools woven into the book. Essentially, Hermeneuti.ca is both a text about computer-assisted methods and a collection of analytical tools called Voyant (http://voyant-tools.org) that instantiate the authors ideas. While there is a definitely an emphasis on classic Digital Humanities work (corpus analysis, information retrieval, etc.), there is also a focus on the development of software as part of a project of knowledge that encompasses the idea of software as an active part of knowledge production that brings this book into the Software Studies series"--Provided by publisher.
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of autonomy and dignity in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
Studying Christian spirituality
Logos and life. Book 4, Impetus and equipoise in the life-strategies of reason
Theories of globalization
The uncertain sciences
The self as project : politics and the human sciences
Designing and conducting mixed methods research
Learning to unlearn : decolonial reflections from Eurasia and the Americas
Harvard civil rights
This book discusses the relation between explanations and the scientists who construct and use them. The chapters in this book highlight the multifaceted nature of the process of scientific research. The contributors examine current uses of theory, models, simulations, and experiments to evaluate the degree to which these elements contribute to understanding. Their analyses pay due attention to the roles of intelligibility, tacit knowledge, and feelings of understanding.
Practical research methods for media and cultural studies : making people count
The origins of life. Vol. 2, The origins of the existential sharing-in-lifes
"Focused on discussing what is considered to be "good" research, this text explains quantitative, qualitative, and mixed methods in detail, incorporating the viewpoints of various research paradigms into the descriptions of these methods. Approximately 60% of the content in this Third Edition is new, with a number of current examples." "This is a core or supplemental text for research courses in departments of education, psychology, sociology, social work, and other human services disciplines."--BOOK JACKET.
The digital humanities and Islamic & Middle East studies
Neuroscience and critique : exploring the limits of the neurological turn
Representing religion : essays in history, theory and crisis
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
"Introduces programming to readers with a background in the arts and humanities; there are no prerequisites, and no knowledge of computation is assumed ... The book uses Python and Processing, both of which are free software, as the primary programming languages"--
Mixed methods
Talk sweetly to me
The pastor as theologian : the formation of today's ministry in the light of contemporary human sciences
Theories of Globalization offers students and scholars a comprehensive and critical introduction to the concept of globalization. Barrie Axford expertly guides readers through the full range of perspectives on the topic, from international political economy to geography, global anthropology to cultural and communication studies. --Publisher's descruption.
NORLIT 2009 : codex and code. Aestethcis, language and politics in a age of digital media. Stockholm, august 6-9, 2009
Detection theory : a user's guide
Changing perspectives on man
Sampling essentials : practical guidelines for making sampling choices
Naive decision making : mathematics applied to the social world
Soft computing methods in human sciences
Computer analysis of human behavior
Postmodernism and the social sciences
Investigations in social sciences and humanities : science digest : the first joint research publication of Saint-Petersburg State Polytechnical University, Institute of International Educational Programs and Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences
Hermeneutics and the human sciences : essays on language, action and interpretation
Digital humanities in the library : challenges and opportunities for subject specialists
This work provides a study of American women's responses to evolutionary theory and illuminates the role science played in the nineteenth-century women's rights movement. Here the author reveals how a number of nineteenth-century women, raised on the idea that Eve's sin forever fixed women's subordinate status, embraced Darwinian evolution, especially sexual selection theory as explained in The Descent of Man, as an alternative to the creation story in Genesis. The author chronicles the lives and writings of the women who combined their enthusiasm for evolutionary science with their commitment to women's rights, including Antoinette Brown Blackwell, Eliza Burt Gamble, Helen Hamilton Gardener, Charlotte Perkins Gilman, and Elizabeth Cady Stanton. These Darwinian feminists believed evolutionary science proved that women were not inferior to men, that it was natural for mothers to work outside the home, and that women should control reproduction. The practical applications of this evolutionary feminism came to fruition, it si shown, in the early thinking and writing of the American birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger. In contrast to the extensive scholarship that has been dedicated to analyzing what Darwin and other males evolutionists had to say about women, this work offers information on what women themselves had to say about evolution. -- From book jacket.
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Open Science and Open Cultural Heritage
A new republic of letters : memory and scholarship in the age of digital reproduction
Unity of knowledge : the convergence of natural and human science
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
The study of human nature
Exploratory programming for the arts and humanities
Foundations in ritual studies : a reader for students of Christian worship
Socialism and the study of man
Human inquiry : a sourcebook of New Paradigm Research
Ethical research with children
From Eve to evolution : Darwin, science, and women's rights in Gilded Age America
Research and evaluation in education and psychology : integrating diversity with quantitative, qualitative, and mixed methods
Engineering society : the role of the human and social sciences in modern societies, 1880-1980
Methods and applications of statistics in the social and behavioral sciences
Why science matters : understanding the methods of psychological research
The mixed methods reader
Principles and practice of research in midwifery
Fundamental statistics for the behavioral sciences
Understanding human development : a multidimensional approach
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
Two different ways of looking at the world : von Wright's theory of action and his neutral monism in the philosophy of science
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
Inferno
History of humanity : scientific and cultural development. Vol. 3, From the seventh century BC to the seventh century AD
Words matter : hermeneutics in the study of religions
Life in common : an essay in general anthropology
Digital Humanities has become one of the new domains of academe at the interface of technological development, epistemological change, and methodological concerns. This volume explores how digital material might be read or utilized in research, whether that material is digitally born as fanfiction, for example, mostly is, or transposed from other sources. The volume asks questions such as what happens when text is transformed from printed into digital matter, and how that impacts on the methods we bring to bear on exploring that technologized matter, for example in the case of digital editions. Issues such as how to analyse visual material in digital archives or Twitter feeds, how to engage in data mining, what it means to undertake crowd-sourcing, big data, and what digital network analyses can tell us about online interactions are dealt with. This will give Humanities researchers ideas for doing digitally based research and also suggest ways of engaging with new digital research methods.
The book stimulates readers to reflect on the problems and possibilities of testing the empirical assumptions and offers hands-on learning opportunities to develop empirical studies. It explains a wide range of methods, from interviews to observation research, and guides readers through the choices researchers have to make. It discusses the essence of experiments, illustrates how studies are designed, how to develop questionnaires, and helps readers to collect and analyze data by themselves. The book presents qualitative approaches to research but focuses mostly on quantitative methods, detailing the workings of basic statistics. At the end, the book also shows how to give papers at international conferences, how to draft a report, and what is involved in the preparation of a publishable article.
Religion and the human sciences : an approach via spirituality
Reconstructing science and theology in postmodernity : Pannenberg, ethics and the biological and human sciences
MASHS 2010 : 10-11 June 2010, Lille, France : proceedings
There is no such thing as a social science : in defence of Peter Winch
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Research methods in anthropology : qualitative and quantitative approaches
Scale development : theory and applications
Real world research : a resource for social scientists and practitioner-researchers
The origins of life. Vol. 1, The primogenital matrix of life and its context
A student's guide to analysis of variance
Research methods for reading digital data in the digital humanities
Reflective lifeworld research
The SAGE handbook of visual research methods
Scientific methods for the humanities
Time and social theory
Interpretation and social knowledge : on the use of theory in the human sciences
Scientific understanding : philosophical perspectives
Between humanities and the digital
