http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p35 information (communication)
information (communication)
World missionary conference 1910 : monthly news sheet : December 1909
NEFCO news : information bulletin
Developing internal communication in a global B2B company : case: Company X
Metla Bulletin : newsletter of the Finnish forest research institute
BA (Hons) communication/advertising management : level 3 : public relations
Global South Development magazine
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
Gongkai yu touming : Guoyou da qiye xinxi pilu yanjiu zhidu yanjiu = Public and transparency : the research of the large state-owned enterprises information disclosure system
Making sense of Chernobyl nine years after : TV news reception study of the environmental disaster
Communication from the Commission on the information strategy for the euro
Public relations : an introduction
Finnish journal for Romanian studies
Research for designing CRM system for Turku University of Applied Sciences
The father of spin : Edward L. Bernays & the birth of public relations
Internal communication effectiveness in Arizona Chemical Europe : plant supply chain perspective
The competent public speaker
Utilization of Media in Internal Communication : Case: Konecranes Heavy Lifting Ltd, Electrics Factory
The librarian's nitty-gritty guide to social media
Creating an Internal Communications Development Plan for Sandvik Mining and Construction
Explanatory report on the European Convention on the obtaining abroad of information and evidence in administrative matters
News agencies and the new information order : the Associated Press coverage of the Intergovernmental Conference on Communication Policies in Latin America and the Caribbean held in Costa Rica, July 1976
Research*eu : the magazine of the European research area
Censoring science : inside the political attack on Dr. James Hansen and the truth of global warming
Essentials of public relations management
Freedom of communication
Information for citizenship in Europe
Improving business communication skills
Visualising collective actions : the process of creating the ArtovaModel
Summary and conclusions (s. 71-79).
The IABC handbook of organizational communication : a guide to internal communication, public relations, marketing, and leadership
Communication
Lesly's handbook of public relations and communications
Designing health communication campaigns : what works?
Development of induction process : Case company Trotter
Managing information : IT for Business Processes
Environmental sociology
Communication gaps can be devastating for any business in today's competitive and fast paced environment. In the hospital setting, it can literally be a matter of life or death. The purpose of the project was to develop and evaluate the effect of three evidence-based internal communication practices on employee engagement for pediatric hospital in Louisville, KY. This was the first known systematic investigation of communication strategies in a hospital setting. The evidence based practices include: Interactive Employee Forums, Wednesday Weekly newsletter and a Communication Portal page. After one year of this practice change, the following questions were asked and evaluated: Will internal communication practices have a significant impact on this hospital employee engagement? As compared to peer institutions within this multi-hospital organization, will this pediatric hospital have a greater increase in mean engagement scores, as a result of these practices? The result were not statistically significant, however some ceiling effect was observed. The pediatric hospital did increase percentage of engaged by 3%, the highest improvement of all five hospitals within the system.
Anglo-russkij slovar' po reklame i pablik rilejšnz : (s tolkovaniâmi) : okolo 5000 terminov = English-Russian dictionary of advertising and public relations : (with explanations) : about 5000 entries
World missionary conference 1910 (Edinburgh, June 14th-23rd) : monthly news sheet : January 1910
Creating an employee handbook for Youth Centre Villa Elba Oy
Knowledge for health and welfare : news from THL International Affairs Unit
Internal communication during an organizational change : an ethnographic case study
THL international news
Internal Communication and Network Operators
Affective Methodologies reacts to a challenge: How to trace and understand the immaterial forces of affects as cultural researchers? Its aim is thus to contribute to the development of methodologies that enable cultural researchers and students to investigate affective processes empirically. It defines affective methods as innovative strategies for 1) asking research questions and formulating research agendas relating to affective processes, for 2) collecting or producing embodied data and for 3) making sense of this data in order to produce academic knowledge. It furthermore presents affective research using inventive experiments, embodied forms of fieldwork or innovative approaches to the reading for affects in texts and writing. It presents studies of nightclubs, YouTube memes, political provocations, heritage sites, education development, and haunting memories. In this way, the collection serves as an inspiration for all academics embarking on or developing empirical research strategies to understand affects' predominant role in cultural life.
Mad cows and mother's milk : the perils of poor risk communication
Journal of communication management
Universitas Helsingiensis : the quarterly of the University of Helsinki
Lovely Market consumer promise delivery through internal communications at AM House
Project perspectives : annual publication of international project management association
Functionality and Interactivity of Internal Communication in a Multicultural Organisation : Case: Lufthansa Cargo Finland
FAO/WHO framework for the provision of scientific advice on food safety and nutrition
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
Design on track : the tram service for enhancing the tourist experience in Helsinki
Thunderbolt : Vaasa Energy Institute comics
Mass communication : teaching and studies at universities, a world-wide survey on the role of universities in the study of the mass media and mass communication
The voice of government
Content analysis of communications
How can Vietnam101 successfully attract visitors to its website?
Changes and challenges in internal communications in post-acquisition integration
Information dissemination strategy on occupational health and safety in Estonia
Effective media relations : how to get results
The process of communication : an introduction to theory and practice
Affective methodologies : developing cultural research strategies for the study of affect
TAMK.today : news from Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Get your message across : the professional communication skills everyone needs
Development of IS-Change Communication Practices as Part of an IS-Change Management Process
101 ways to better communication
Quantitative research methods for communication : a hands-on approach
Internal communications and the effect on employee engagement
Environment for Europeans : magazine of the Directorate-General for the environment
Journalism in the age of the net : changing society, changing profession
Towards a democratic EU : online communication ia an organisational and civil context
Latitude : university of Lapland magazine
Public relations : the profession and the practice
Citizens Signpost Service
Covers each stage of research, from formulating questions and gathering data to developing experiments and analyzing results and finally to the many ways for presenting results. --from publisher description
Bibliography of Finnish communication research reports published in English
Customer satisfaction research for Pohjoismaiden Mediakeskus Oy
The management and practice of public relations
The psychological study of mass communication effects : on the validity of laboratory experiments and an attempt to improve ecological validity
Situation report bulletin
Crisis communications : a casebook approach. Student workbook
Open to the public : evaluation in the public arena
Effective internal communication
Your message and the media : the complete and practical guide to media relations
Improving internal information flow : case: The Case Company
The communication plan : the heart of strategic communication
Principles of public speaking
This volume contributes to the burgeoning field of interactional linguistic media studies. It focuses on how people appropriate media in their daily lives. Thus here it is not the talk in the medium itself, but naturally occurring interactions in different media reception situations that are analyzed. This is the idea that media function like a hypodermic needle injecting messages into the masses has long been questioned. Still, the actual moment when people use media in their daily lives has largely been ignored in media studies. This book analyses the minutiae of the moment when people actively appropriate media for their own purposes in different fashions. The reception communities analyzed include families watching television, girls gossiping about a talent show, teenagers playing video games, a team of fire-men implementing a new medium in their workplace, radio listeners' phone ins and others. The languages studied comprise English, German, French, Swedish and Finnish.
Russian regional business review
Leadership in the open : a new paradigm in emergency management
Write a press release : A step-by-step guide to getting your message across
Osaaja.net : web journal of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences
Organizational aspects of health communication campaigns: what works?
Providing information about urban services : issues, problems and practices in informing consumers about public services
The reporter's environmental handbook / [edited by] Bernadette M. West ... [et al.]
Designed to help the novice scientist get started with science communication, this unique guide begins with a short history of science communication before discussing the design and delivery of an effective engagement event. Along with numerous case studies written by highly regarded international contributors, the book discusses how to approach face-to-face science communication and engagement activities with the public while providing tips to avoid potential pitfalls. A companion website includes further useful links, references, and supplementary case studies along with information on regulations and practical information specific to countries.
Social judgment : assimilation and contrast effects in communication and attitude change
Mass media and society : an introduction to the scientific study of mass communication : concepts, intentions, effects
Implementing corporate responsibility through internal communication on a global scale
Peace IT! : using ICTs to prevent, manage and resolve crises
Platform for cultural exchange : the Web's potentials for museums
Nuclear energy : communicating with the public
Organizational internal communication : case Tanssipaviljonki Tulenliekki
The accidental library marketer
Report writing for business
The role of internal communication within an organization
Helsinki English studies : electronic journal of the Department of English at the University of Helsinki
Public relations for your business
These guidelines focus on information and knowledge sharing and its current and potential role in supporting implementation of the Code of conduct for responsible fisheries. They highlight the issues involved for individuals and organizations to have access to the information they need and, as importantly, to share their own information and knowledge with others. Particular attention is paid to the needs of developing countries, many of which continue to express concern that the lack of access to timely, relevant and accurate information is a serious constraint to the implementation of the code--Publisher's description.
Book presents organizational communication from both a communication and managerial perspective. Professor Miller's clear writing style and consistent use of examples and case studies result in a text that undergraduate students will find easy to understand.
How to get real value from public relations : a client guide to designing measurable communications objectives
Visitor centres at nuclear facility sites : proceedings of an international seminar, Madrid (Spain) 2-5 November 1992 = Les centres de visiteurs sur les sites d'installations nucléaires : compte rendu d'un séminaire international, Madrid (Espagne) 2-5 novembre 1992.
Dividend increases and reported excess earnings around seasoned stock issues : evidence from Finland
CAB international news
The public relations handbook
Employment observatory : policies
Ethics in Internet and The church and Internet
Ethics in human communication
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
Scandinavian library quarterly
Our daily bread : communication as a mission and ministry of the church
Making social work news
The flow of information : an experiment in mass communication
Library and information research news
The appropriation of media in everyday life : pragmatics & beyond
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
Selling science : how the press covers science and technology
Research & Study
A Handbook of Media and Communication Research presents qualitative as well as quantitative approaches to the study of media and communication, integrating perspectives from both the social sciences and the humanities. Taking methodology as a strategic level of analysis that joins practical concerns with theoretical issues, the Handbook offers a comprehensive and in-depth review of the field and a set of guidelines for how to think about, plan, and carry out media and communication studies in different social and cultural contexts. The second edition has been thoroughly updated with reference to the development of the internet, mobile, and other digital media. Each chapter addresses shifting configurations of established media organizations, media discourses, and media users in networked practices of communication. The introduction and one further chapter probe changing conceptions on mass and interpersonal, online and offline communication -- in research as in everyday life. Three new chapters have been added to exemplify different forms of research employing multiple methods to study multiple media in multiple contexts.
Effective communication as a tool to increase organisational productivity
Espoo Esbo : The magazine for the Espoo people
The school and community relations
Yliopistopedagogiikka = Journal of university pedagogy
COMMUNICATION GAPS AT SEASONAL RESTAURANT
A handbook of media and communication research : qualitative and quantitative methodologies
Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future
Matching community needs with university R&D : Dutch science shops
The best of TACTICS : news, trends & how-to information for public relations people
How were people informed about the release of the national knowledge society strategy 2007-2015
The most effective communication channel to spread information in an organization
Environmental information in companies' annual reports
Trust creation and communication in Sino-Finnish business relationships
Methods of communication planning
People, society, and mass communications
World missionary conference 1910 (Edinburgh, June 14th-23rd) : monthly news sheet : March 1910
Doing science : design, analysis, and communication of scientific research
Science on stage : expert advice as public drama
Principles of corporate communication
Focus on Finland
World missionary conference 1910 : monthly news sheet : November 1909
Bibliography of Finnish communication research reports publ. in English
On the scientific status and position of communication research
Mediatization and religion : Nordic perspectives
BTEC HNC HND business. Core module 5, Organisational structures and processes
Scandinavian public library quarterly
Participatory communication strategy design : a handbook
Effective writing skills for public relations
Scientist's guide to poster presentations
From import to modelling : cultural dependency and Finnish mass communication
Science and the mass media
How to integrate international students into private and business life in Ylivieska region
Supporting the design and development of an online advocacy community : a community model and related design elements for advancing women's health and rights
Behavioral sciences and the mass media
The SAGE handbook of public relations
Internal Communication Development Project for Best Friend Group Oy
Fulbright Center news
How to do your own p.r. : Getting the right publicity for your organisation
Communications and incentives : the importance of fast and sincere reporting : Jakarta, Indonesia, 25 July 2007
Internal communication problems in a multinational company Lamor Group
Abstract: Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : Case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future. The purpose of this thesis was to examine a Finnish/Spanish real estate agency Valkea Marina's marketing communications. The research was designed to identify the type of marketing communications Valkea Marina utilises, to discover whether those marketing communications strategies have been profitable, and to analyse ways Valkea Marina can improve its marketing communications in order to increase profits. The research was conducted in two dimensions: secondary research and primary research. The former included research of a large variety of marketing communications literature concerning theories about buyer behaviour, marketing communications planning, and different marketing communications tools such as personal selling, public relations and direct marketing. The latter included designing a survey for Valkea Marina's clients and interviewing the owner of the company in order to compare the results together and to find out areas of improvement. This study revealed that Valkea Marina has been using mostly personal selling, direct marketing and public relations as its marketing communications and it has been able to reach clients. However, this study found out that Valkea Marina's marketing communications lacked consistency and their website did not offer enough information for their customers. The company was advised to create a marketing communications plan, which would enhance their marketing communications by providing thorough and uniform guidelines for the personnel.
Nordic Committee for Art History
Applied public relations : cases in stakeholder management
Guiding investors through rocky waters : how well do Finnish companies report on risk? : Ernst & Young risk transparency survey 2006
Training course of East African journalists on primary health care. Phase 1, National workshops in Kenya, Tanzania, and Ethiopia April 1986.
Working the story : a guide to reporting and news writing for journalists and public relations professionals
Immigrant broadcasting and migration control in Western Europe
Target 92 : monthly newsletter on the single internal market
Public secrets : a study in the development of government secrecy
Writing, documentation and communication for nurses
Critical perspectives in public relations
Effective writing : improving scientific, technical and business communication
Developing knowledge management and internal communication through a virtual workspace. Case: Company X
Final scientific report of the projekt NKJ: 1.276 : disease incidence in dairy cows in Nordic countries : comparison of national disease reporting systems
Agri-food - Research and news
Improving Internal Communication between Marketing and Buying Departments: Case Company
Social work : the social organisation of an invisible trade
Abstract : The purpose of this study was to develop the induction process of the case company. The company's induction process had been the same since the beginning and the growth of the company had created the need to improve the process. The new induction process needed to be more thorough than the old one and also include the safety training. To enable this company's internal communication required some attention and improvement as well.  The theoretical part of this study consists of three different issues: the induction, internal communication and safety. The induction part deals with the im-portant issues related to induction such as what is induction, when it should be given, to whom and who is responsible for that. The two other parts, internal communication and safety, concentrate mainly on those issues which are relevant for the case company's purpose. This part of the study relies on lit-erature.  The research method used in this study was case study in which the process itself was the case. Data collection was made by using participant observation and group discussions. Observations were based on several years working experience in the company and the focus group which included both current and former employees of the company.  During the development process the company's existing working instructions were reviewed, updated and some new ones created. Safety issues were identified and instructions made. All new employees need to read these in-structions before they can start working. The current employees were chosen to act as dedicated mentors for new employees. The importance of the internal communication was highlighted in every phase of the new process. Follow up discussions and defining the need for further induction was included at the end of the process. The process was tested during one summer and the feedback was positive, some small adjustments were made to improve the process even more. Some suggestions and further improvement ideas were left for the owner to consider.
Science communication : practical guide for scientists
Internal commucation issues in a multinational company: Logonet Group
The legislation of environmental disclosures in three Nordic countries : a comparison
Fulbright Finland news
How to get real value from public relations
The essentials of corporate communications and public relations
Participatory rural communication appraisal : starting with the people : a handbook
Requirements and guidelines for compatible environmental information facilities : current standardisation initiatives setting the scene of data sharing
Communication plan for Oy Filmkompaniet Alpha Ab
English as a common corporate language in a multinational company : employees' and managers' experiences and expectations during a transfer from local to distributed services
Language teaching tomorrow : the journal of higher education language teaching and learning
Supporting employee engagement with internal communication for high reliability
Chemometrics and intelligent laboratory systems
Communications in nursing
Organizational communication : approaches and processes
Public relations for management succes
Sic! : drug information from Fimea
Quality Manual for the Sales Department and Internal Information Flow within Arctic Finland House
Effective organisational communication : perspectives, principles and practices
Sage annual reviews of communication research. Vol. 13, Organizational communication : traditional themes and new directions
Decision making and decision communication in an engineer based organization
Development of internal communication : case Cosfim
Prepare for 15 seconds of fame : media contacts for researchers
Development of internal corporate communication : Study case: Company FIEGE
International forum on information and documentation
Case studies in crisis communication : international perspectives on hits and misses
Writing for design professionals : a guide to writing successful proposals, letters, brochures, portfolios, reports, presentations and job applications for architects, engineers and interior designes
International Mire Conservation Group newsletter
FF Network expands
Crisis communications : a casebook approach
The public relations strategic toolkit : an essential guide to successful public relations practice
Report of and papers presented at the Regional Workshop on Networking for Improved Access to Fisheries and Aquaculture Information in Africa : Grahamstown, South Africa, 3-7 November 2003 = Rapport de et documents présentés à L'atelier régional sur le renforcement du réseau pour l'accès à l'information sur la pêche et l'aquaculture en Afrique : Grahamstown, Afrique du Sud, 3-7 novembre 2003.
The practice of public relations
Interpreting the past : presenting archaeological sites to the public
Developing marketing and communication : Case Tampere Chamber of Commerce and Industry
Library videos and webcasts
Process description: The payroll administration take-over of a foreign company in Finland
This is Finland
Knowledge as a part of improving internal communication: a case study Nokia Oyj
Data visualizations and infographics
Public relations : critical debates and contemporary practice
This study was carried out with the view of establishing the implication of avoiding impropriety in the communication process for improved organisational performance in Lafarge WAPCO Cement plc. This was to enable the researcher establish the relevance and role of Effective Communication in the improvement of productivity through the attainment of organisational goals and objectives. This the research achieved through the adoption of questionnaire and open ended written interviews as study methods and executable recommendations made from derived analysis. However, at the conclusion of our investigation it was proved that Effective Communication is a Tool that Increases Organisational Productivity.
Crisis communications : a casebook approach. Instructor's manual
Information and knowledge sharing
Corporate environmental reporting in Finland : voluntary disclosure in annual reports of large firms
Information Graphics : innovative solutions in contemporary design
Public relations : strategies and tactics
Planned press and public relations
Guidance : educational and vocational guidance in Finland
How to get publicity for free : how to write a press release, contact the media, gain radio and television interviews, and organise press conferences
Informing and action plan: deteriorated air quality
Mass persuasion in communist China
World missionary conference 1910 : monthly news sheet : October 1909
The aim of this thesis was to explore the Lovely Market consumer promise delivery through internal communications at AM House. AM House identity is defined by four values, Lovely Market consumer promise and tone of voice. The thesis focuses on examining the understanding and delivery of the Lovely Market consumer promise. It was researched how the project managers and sales persons perceive the consumer promise and how it is delivered through internal communications. Crucial is the congruence in the perceptions of the consumer promise and its delivery further to other stakeholders such as customers through brand contacts. Theoretical framework of the research was based on relevant areas of theories of brand identity, image and internal communications. Theories of various authors such as Aaker, Kunde, Ind, Grönroos, Gad and Fill were explored to form a solid basis on which to create the empirical part and results of the study. By combining the chosen theories a holistic view was received to conduct the empirical part. The empirical part was conducted through interviewing five project managers and sales persons working for AM House in Finland. However, it is worth reminding that the personnel interviewed represent 45 percent of the project managers and 40 percent of the apartment sales persons. The results of the study indicated that there appear both strengths and weaknesses in the concrete understanding of the Lovely Market promise and delivering messages through internal communications. The Intranet was regarded as a great strength, and the core idea of the consumer promise was considered to be positive. However, the personnel longed for concrete examples of the consumer promise. In addition, more meetings should be arranged where the consumer promise would be discussed, the customer feedback surveys ought to be developed and internal messages should be better communicated to the personnel. In conclusion, the research revealed remarkable information of the consumer promise delivery at AM House and of points to improve. Further research could be conducted by interviewing or conducting a quantitative survey including personnel from all the five different job descriptions instead of merely project managers and sales persons, to receive greater sample and overall opinion and perceptions of the personnel.
