http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p350 elected officials
elected officials
Talk about power - the interaction between politicians and employees in municipal social and health services
Abstract.
New directions in interpersonal communication research
Guanxi : the Chinese third arm
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Individuals, groups, and organizations beneath the surface : an introduction
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
Politicians - professionals - the power structure of Finnish local government
Headmaster-teacher relationship in leading school
Trust and betrayal in the workplace : building effective relationships in your organization
One hundred names
Psychological well-being and psychiatric disorders in 14- to 15-year-old Finnish school girls and boys with overweight and obesity
Patrons, clients and friends : interpersonal relations and the structure of trust in society
The politics of hung authorities
Employment relations : fairness & trust in the workplace
Self-disclosure
The proportion of women members in regional and local parliaments and assemblies in the EU
Councillors and civil servants in the Ukrainian self-government = Radnyky ta deršavni službovci v ykraïnc'komu samovrjaduvanni
International institutions and socialization in Europe
Public library politics : the role of the elected member
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Develop Your Assertiveness
Love, friendship, and faith in Europe, 1300-1800
Liability of local elected representatives for acts or omissions in the course of their duties : report by the Steering Committee on Local and Regional Democracy (CDLR)
