http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3505 folk stories
folk stories
A traveller's guide to Icelandic folk tales
"The Things That Fly in the Night explores images of vampirism in Caribbean and African diasporic folk traditions and in contemporary fiction. Giselle Liza Anatol focuses on the figure of the soucouyant, or Old Hag--an aged woman by day who sheds her skin during night's darkest hours in order to fly about her community and suck the blood of her unwitting victims. In contrast to the glitz, glamour, and seductiveness of conventional depictions of the European vampire, the soucouyant triggers unease about old age and female power. Tracing relevant folklore through the English- and French-speaking Caribbean, the U.S. Deep South, and parts of West Africa, Anatol shows how tales of the nocturnal female bloodsuckers not only entertain and encourage obedience in pre-adolescent listeners, but also work to instill particular values about women's "proper" place and behaviors in society at large. Alongside traditional legends, Anatol considers the explosion of soucouyant and other vampire narratives among writers of Caribbean and African heritage who in the past twenty years have rejected the demonic image of the character and used her instead to urge for female mobility, racial and cultural empowerment, and anti colonial resistance. Texts include work by authors as diverse as Nobel Laureate Toni Morrison, U.S. National Book Award winner Edwidge Danticat, and science fiction/fantasy writers Octavia Butler and Nalo Hopkinson"--
The pharaoh of the North
Folktales of France
The Maldives are mainly known as an equatorial tourist paradise to the south of India but some will know the archipelago risks drowning owing to global warming. Far less is known about the people, who have occupied these islands for millennia but whose deep indigenous culture is today under threat from a multitude of external forces.This volume is a collection of 80 traditional short stories and legends selected from the large corpus of stories in the local oral tradition, and translated and illustrated by the author who is the foremost authority on the language and anthropology of the Maldives. These folk tales offer keen insights both into the history, culture and beliefs of the people of the Maldives and into the world they live in. The close relationship the Maldivians have with their environment is clear, likewise the syncretic nature of their Islamic faith, the tales bustling with spirits, sorcerers and monsters as well as local people, seabirds, etc. Would-be travellers to the Maldives will find this a unique insight into the real country behind the tourist brochures. For scholars, the folk tales and analytical material offer a wonderful literary/folklore resource as well as fresh perspectives on the effects of globalization. --Provided by publisher.
Journey to the sun
"The Nart sagas are to the Caucasus what Greek mythology is to Western civilization. Tales of the Narts presents a wide selection of fascinating tales preserved as a living tradition among the peoples of Ossetia in southern Russia, a region where ethnic identities have been maintained for thousands of years in the face of major cultural upheavals. A mythical tribe of tall, nomad warriors, the Narts were courageous, bold, and good-hearted. But they were also capable of cruelty, envy, and forceful measures to settle disputes. In this wonderfully vivid and accessible compilation of stories, colorful and exciting heroes, heroines, villains, and monsters pursue their destinies though a series of peculiar exploits, often with the intervention of ancient gods. The world of the Narts can be as familiar as it is alien, and the tales contain local themes as well as echoes of influence from diverse lands. The ancestors of the Ossetians once roamed freely from eastern Europe to western China, and their myths exhibit striking parallels with ancient Indian, Norse, and Greek myth. The Nart sagas may also have formed a crucial component of the Arthurian cycle. Tales of the Narts further expands the canon of this precious body of lore and demonstrates the passion and values that shaped the lives of the ancient Ossetians."--
Talking on the page : editing aboriginal oral texts : papers given at the Thirty-second Annual Conference on Editorial Problems, University of Toronto, 14-16 November 1996
Tales of the Narts : ancient myths and legends of the Ossetians
The Japanese psyche : major motifs in the fairy tales of Japan
Tanglewood tales : a wonder book for boys & girls
The white devil : the werewolf in European culture
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
The Tain : a new translation of the Táin Bó Cúailnge
Siamese tales old and new : the Four Riddles and other stories
Encyclopaedia of Indian folk literature. Vol. 6, Sacred tales of India
Chugach legends : stories and photographs of Chugach Region
Everyday magic in early modern Europe
The genre of trolls : the case of a Finnish-Swedish folk belief tradition
Folk tales and song lyrics of the Old West of the United States. Divided into parts: The Western brand, "Fresh Deal All Aroun", Queer Country, Westward Journey, Taming the West, "Law and Order, Ltd.", The Changing West, Western Story-Tellers, Western Songs and Ballads.
Once upon a peace time... : 40 narratives from the Niger Delta
Hildur, queen of the elves : and other Icelandic legends
Summary in English.
Irish tales of mystery and magic
Fables and legends of Ireland
East of the sun and west of the moon : old tales from the north
China and Japan : with illustrations from drawings and famous paintings
Vikings in the west : the legend of Ragnarr lođbrók and his sons
An encyclopaedia of plants in myth, legend, music and lore
Kikuyu gender norms and narratives
Nart sagas from the Caucasus : ancient myths and legends of the Circassians and Abkhazians
My first book of myths and legends
Folklore of Rajasthan
The origin of life & death : African creation myths
Folktales of Hungary
Oral literature : a school certificate course
Myths of Middle India
Resource exploitation in the Arctic : incorrect diagnoses, misinterpretations  and wrong solutions – how to avoid these?
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
Folk-lore of modern Greece : the tales of the people
Upward and outward : fairy tales and popular, print, and proletarian culture,  1550 -1850
Tales from the Arabian nights
Joha the Marrakshi. Part III
"This interdisciplinary study examines the cultural and historical significance of the Jamaican Anansi folktales. Anansi the spider is the trickster folk hero West African slaves transported to the Caribbean. He symbolizes key aspects of Afro-Caribbean culture and is celebrated as a vital link with an African past. Anansi stories, in which the small spider turns the tables on his powerful enemies through cunning and trickery, are now told and published worldwide. This original book traces Anansi's journey from West Africa to Jamaica, where he is celebrated as a national folk hero. Anansi survived a cultural metamorphosis and came to symbolize the resistance of the Jamaican people. Anansi's Journey begins by examining Anansi's roots in Ghana. It moves on to detail the changes Anansi underwent during the Middle Passage and his potential for inspiring tactics of resistance in a plantation context. It ends with an analysis of Anansi's role in postcolonial Jamaica, illustrating how he is interpreted as a symbol of individualism and celebrated as an emblem of resistance. With its broad historical sweep, tracing Anansi from Ghana through to his contested position in contemporary Jamaica, this book makes an important contribution to the ongoing debate about whether the slave trade transmitted or destroyed the culture of the enslaved."--Publisher's website.
The concept of hero in Indian culture
Folktales of lower Egypt. 1, Texts in Egyptian Arabic (1)
Literal translation of the Hikayat Latifah
Between heaven and earth : bird tales from around the world
Understanding oral literature
Types of the folktale in the Arab world : a demographically oriented tale-type index
More English fairy tales
Centering Anishinaabeg studies : understanding the world through stories
A study of Eastern Moroccan fairy tales
In 1764 a peasant girl was killed and partially eaten while tending sheep. Eventually, over a hundred victims fell prey to a mysterious creature whose deadly efficiency mesmerized Europe. Monsters of the Gevaudan revisits this spellbinding tale and offers the definitive explanation for its mythic status in French folklore.
The Zulu folktale tradition
Warlpiri dreamings and histories = Yimikirli
Passions and colored sleeves: mongghul lives in Eastern Tibet : a novel = Ghalmadi sgil de alog xosuu : ghuaisangni durina rogshdigu mongghulni adal : lurijingi
Folk literature of South Asia
The Penguin book of Irish folktales
The things that fly in the night : female vampires in literature of the Circum-Caribbean and African diaspora
"Various children of Eve" (AT 758) : cultural variants and antifeminine images
Icelandic folktales : a classic collection of authentic Icelandic tales of the supernatural
"For the Anishinaabeg people, who span a vast geographic region from the Great Lakes to the Plains and beyond, stories are vessels of knowledge. They are bagijiganan, offerings of the possibilities within Anishinaabeg life. Existing along a broad narrative spectrum, from aadizookaanag (traditional or sacred narratives) to dibaajimowinan (histories and news)--as well as everything in between--storytelling is one of the central practices and methods of individual and community existence. Stories create and understand, survive and endure, revitalize and persist. They honor the past, recognize the present, and provide visions of the future. In remembering, (re)making, and (re)writing stories, Anishinaabeg storytellers have forged a well-traveled path of agency, resistance, and resurgence. Respecting this tradition, this groundbreaking anthology features twenty-four contributors who utilize creative and critical approaches to propose that this people's stories carry dynamic answers to questions posed within Anishinaabeg communities, nations, and the world at large. Examining a range of stories and storytellers across time and space, each contributor explores how narratives form a cultural, political, and historical foundation for Anishinaabeg Studies. Written by Anishinaabeg and non-Anishinaabeg scholars, storytellers, and activists, these essays draw upon the power of cultural expression to illustrate active and ongoing senses of Anishinaabeg life. They are new and dynamic bagijiganan, revealing a viable and sustainable center for Anishinaabeg Studies, what it has been, what it is, what it can be".
Scheherazade's sisters : trickster heroines and their stories in world literature
Tendencies in modern folk narrative research
Multimedia research and documentation of oral genres in Africa : the step forward
Ethnographical texts in Moroccan Berber. 3, (Dialect of Anti-Atlas)
Tales from the igloo
The moon people and other Namibian stories
Encyclopedia of Korean folk literature = Hanguk-minsongmunhak-sajeon
Jim Henson's the storyteller
Folktales of Irish countryside
Tradition barriers and adaptation of tradition
Collection of 19 folktales, legends, and true stories celebrating the heroic cunning, patience, and courage of African-American women and girls.
Finnish folk-accounts for the origins of the Gypsies
The unique culture & heritage of the Hmong people are celebrated in this collection of folktales. Includes an introduction to Hmong history. The first collection of authentic Hmong tales to be published commercially in the English language, this book focuses on 27 captivating tales including creation myths; how/why stories; and tales of love, magic, and fun.
Somali folktales. 1, Texts in Somali (1)
Tales from Ulithi Atoll : a comparative study in Oceanic folklore
The fables of Medieval Armenia = Mijnadaryan Hayastani araknere
One Thousand and One Nights / Hanān Al-Shaykh
Moorish literature : comprising romantic ballads, tales of the Berbers, stories of the Kabyles, folk-lore, and national traditions
Scorpia : Alex Rider
Folktales of India
The field guide to lake monsters, sea serpents and other mystery denizens of the deep
China's na-mzi : Tibetan life, language, and folklore = Zhongguo namuyi zangzu : shenghuo, yuyan yu minjian wenxue. Vol. 2
A Kammu story-listener's tales
Simla village tales : or, folk tales from the Himalayas
FF Network : for the Folklore Fellows
The curious world of wine : facts, legends, and lore about the drink we love so much
A bibliography of Indian folklore and related subjects
Folktales and society : story-telling in a Hungarian peasant community
Folk-tales of Kashmir
Snakehead : Alex Rider
Storytelling in northern Zambia : theory, method, practice and other necessary fictions
Folk stories of the Hmong : peoples of Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam
Unikkaatuat sanaugarngnik atyingualiit Puvirngniturngmit = Eskimo stories from Povungnituk, Quebec : illustrated in soapstone carvings
Monsters of the Gévaudan : the making of a beast
The written and spoken : literacy and oral transmission among the Uyghur
Identitás és nyelv a cigány mesemondóknál = Identity and language in Gipsy tale tellers
From the literary heritage of Turkic South-Siberia : Šor folkloric and shamanic texts : Xayïndïrïŋmay Baγay-ōl a Tuvan hero tale
Fairy and folk tales of Ireland
Tales of Ticasuk : Eskimo legends & stories
The bridle of Pegasus : studies in magic, mythology and folklore
Oral literature & performance in southern Africa
Tales of the Dervishes : teaching-stories of the Sufi masters over the past thousand years
Folktales of Chile
The calabash of wisdom and other Igbo stories
Bad Santas and other creepy Christmas characters
A traditional narrative from al-Balqā', Jordan
The folktales of the Kiwai Papuans
We have eaten the forest : the story of a Montagnard village in the central Higlands of Vietnam
The study of folklore
Stories from the Acallam
Her stories : African American folktales, fairy tales, and true tales
Jim Henson's the storyteller. [Volume 1]
Gerald Vizenor : writing in the oral tradition
Eyak legends : stories and photographs
The concept of the world creation in Karelian epic songs
The best of African folklore
Folktales from the city of the golden domes
Folktales of the Kxoe in the west Caprivi
The dialectic of understanding progress in arctic governance
Mamatoto : a celebration of birth
Myths of China and Japan : with illustrations in colour & monochrome after paintings and photographs
Tales in Lepanto-Igorot as it is spoken at Bauco
A dictionary of oral literature
Epic formula : a Balkan perspective
Narratives in society : a performer-centered study of narration
Finnish folklore atlas
A treasury of Western folklore
The Edinburgh companion to Scottish traditional literatures
Morphology of the folktale
Folk tales of the Maldives
The frog rider
Robin Hood : myth, history and culture
The she-calf and other Quechua folk tales
English fairy tales
Tales of old Japan : folklore, fairy tales, ghost stories, and legends of the Samurai
China's na-mzi Tibetans : life, language and folklore = Zhongguo namuyi zangzu : shenghuo, yuyan yu minjian wenxue. Vol. 1
Irish myths and legends
Language and prosody of the Russian folk epic
Anansi's journey : a story of Jamaican cultural resistance
Latin American folktales : stories from Hispanic and Indian traditions
Folktales from the Irish countryside
Scandinavian folk belief and legend
Aboriginal myths, legends and fables
The girl who dreamed only geese and other tales of the Far North
Silde : Sami mythic texts and stories
Motifs and folktales : a new statistical approach
Udeghe (Udihe) folk tales
The black cloth : a collection of African folktales
The Mabinogion
The stories of the Ramayana and the Mahabharata
Studies and texts in folklore, magic, medieval romance, Hebrew apocrypha and Samaritan archæology
West African folktales
The seven sisters : selected Chinese folk stories
Gwichya Gwich'in Googwandak : the history and stories of the Gwichya Gwich'in : as told by the Elders of Tsiigehtchic
Folktales from the Gambia : Wolof fictional narratives
The migratory legends : a proposed list of types with a systematic catalogue of the Norwegian variants
The Second Virago book of fairy tales
The Irish fairy tale : a narrative tradition from the Middle Ages to Yeats and Stephens
