http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3503 riddles
riddles
All the birds, singing
The 13th reality. Book 4, The void of mist and thunder
Riddles in Filipino folklore : an anthropological analysis
Where's the pizza boy? : a search-and-find book
Buried thunder
Smiley search-and-find book
The lore and language of schoolchildren
Can you see what I see? : Seymour makes new friends
Untying the knot : on riddles and other enigmatic modes
Models of expression in the Finnish riddle genre : syntactic, stylistic, semantic and structural investigations
Bennett Cerf's book of animal riddles
Mensa mindbenders : word puzzles, number puzzles, mazes, fun IQ tests
12 days of Christmas
Say what I am called : the Old English riddles of the Exeter Book and the Anglo-Latin riddle tradition
What is the name of this book?
The adventures of Sherlock Holmes
"Examines the Old English riddles found in the tenth-century Exeter Book manuscript, with particular attention to their relationship to larger traditions of literary and traditional riddling"--
Pattern-tastic treasure hunt : spot the odd one out with nature
English riddles from oral tradition
The Old English riddles and the riddlic elements of Old English poetry
Reading riddles : rhetorics of obscurity from romanticism to Freud
Orature and Yorùbá riddles
Oral literature in Africa
The study of folklore
The study of Russian folklore
World's wackiest riddle book
"Why is this night different from all other nights?"
German-American folklore
Oral literature of the Maasai
Where is Dogmatix?
Flour from another sack & other proverbs, folk beliefs, tales & recipes
Oromo oral poetry seen from within / Catherine Griefenow-Mewis, Tamene Bitima (eds.) ; with an introduction by Wilhelm J. G. Möhlig
The literary riddle before 1600
Are you smart enough to work at Google? : trick questions, zen-like riddles, insanely difficult puzzles, and other devious interviewing techniques you need to know to get a job anywhere in the new economy
The memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
Dictionary of riddles
The summer that melted everything
Test your IQ : 400 questions to boost your brain power
The 13th reality. Book 3, The blade of shattered hope
Neverwhere
Film in five seconds : over 150 great movie moments - in moments!
Ovambo riddles : with comments and vocabularies
The Little Golden Book of Jokes and Riddles
Closed casket : the brand new Hercule Poirot mystery
Indian folklore. 1, [Report of discussion from the Indo-American Seminar on Indian Folklore, Mysore (India), August 1980]
An annotated collection of Mongolian riddles
The riddle in Indian life, lore and literature
The 13th reality. Book 2, The hunt for dark infinity
When you're up to your ass in alligators ... : more urban folklore from the paperwork empire
The nominativus absolutus formula - one syntactic-semantic structural scheme of the Finnish riddle genre
To mock a mockingbird : and other logic puzzles including an amazing adventure in combinatory logic
Sexual riddles : the test of the listener
The grammar detective : solving the mysteries of basic grammar
The research object and the subjectivity of the researcher
Richard Scarry's best rainy book ever
The hound of the Baskervilles ; The valley of fear
The encyclopedia of the unexplained : curious phenomena, strange supertitions and ancient mysteries
Folklore from contemporary Jamaicans
Unriddling the Exeter riddles
Mensa presents : the ultimate mental challenge
The language of folklore - slave or master?
Is your neighbour a zombie? : mind-bending philosophical puzzles that will exercise your brain
Defamiliarization in language and literature
Philippine proverbs and riddles = Mga salawikain at bugtong
Configurations of letters between rebus and "words in freedom" / Antonella Sbrilli, Ada De Pirro
Heirs and assigns
The 13th reality. Book 1, The journal of curious letters
Giant book of riddles
Thesis defence : Piret Voolaid : Estonian riddles as a folklore genre in a changing cultural context
"Who could that be at this hour?"
Gone astray
Space pirates and the treasure of Salmagundy
Sherlock Holmes : the dark mysteries
Between the living and the dead
Riddle jokes in the negotiation of a love relationship
Studies in Cheremis folklore. Vol. 1
Paradox : the nine greatest enigmas in physics
The Nordic riddle : terminology and bibliography
Folklore in America : tales, songs, superstitions, proverbs, riddles, games, folk drama and folk beliefs
Symphosius - the Aenigmata : an introduction, text and commentary
Riddles : perspectives on the use, function and change in a folklore genre
Turn the tabs to discover 7 kinds of patterns and 70 first words to see and say in this book with a nature theme.
Dad stuff : shedloads of ideas for dads
Enigmas and riddles in literature
The case-book of Sherlock Holmes
A feast of creatures : Anglo-Saxon riddle-songs
Yes and no : the intimate folklore of Africa : dilemma tales, proverbs, stories of love, and adult riddles
The electric radish and other jokes
The monogram murders : the new Hercule  Poirot mystery
Presents the original text and illustrations with an explanation of the clues and how they led to the discovery of the treasure.
One is not a pair? : a spotting book
The riddle game of Visiting Hymylä revisited : a shamanic point of view
There are two errors in the the title of this book : a sourcebook of philosophical puzzles, problems, and paradoxes
Riddles and their use
The monogram murders : the new Hercule Poirot mystery
What happens when the queen burps? : laugh-out-loud jokes, riddles and rhymes
Messenger of truth : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Riddles of the Russian people : a collection of riddles, parables and puzzles
Masquerade, the complete book with the answer explained
The great oxen of twilight : storytelling and riddlemaking at calendar solstices
The playful eye
The return of Sherlock Holmes ; His last bow
The Monty Hall problem : the remarkable story of math's most contentious brainteaser
American children's folklore
The post-classical compilation known to modern scholarship as the Latin Anthology contains a collection of a hundred riddles, each consisting of three hexameters and preceded by a lemma. It would seem from the preface to this collection that they were composed extempore at a dinner to celebrate the Roman Saturnalia. The work was to have a defining influence on later collections of riddles; yet its title (probably the Aenigmata) has been debated, and almost nothing is known about its author: questions have even been asked about his name (Symphosius?) and date (4th-5th centuruy AD?). In this edition of the riddles, the Introducion discusses the work's title and its author's identity: as well as his name and date, it considers his national origin (North African?) and intellectual background (a professional grammarian?), and argues that he was not Christian, as has been suggested. It examines the Saturnalian background to the work, setting it in its sociological context, and discusses the author's literary debts – especially to Martial. The Introduction also explores the author's ordering and arrangement of the riddles, discusses his literary style, Latinity and metre, and comments briefly on his Nachleben. It concludes with a survey of the textual tradition. The commentary on each riddle includes a translation, general notes on the object it describes (with reference, as necessary, to museums and artefacts), and discussion of how it fits into the ordering of the collection, of variant readings and, with suitable illustration, of literary, stylistic and metrical considerations. Other areas, such as history and mythology, are also covered where relevant.
A bibliography of riddles
The muse at play : riddles and wordplay in Greek and Latin poetry
Southwest African riddle-proverbs
The Koman riddles and Turkic folklore
What is a crocodile's favourite thing?
A study in Scarlet ; the sign of the four
One voice and many legs : Oedipus and the riddle of the Sphinx
Iteso thought patterns in tales
Designing a knowledge based puzzle game : case: After Now Archeology
Bilmece : a corpus of Turkish riddles
The secret rooms
