http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3507 self-defence
self-defence
Martial arts for women : essential tips, drills, and combat techniques
The concept of pre-emption : the changing structure of international order concerning the maintenance of international peace and security
This is aikido
The dual face of defence : a revision of the concept of defence in the Jus ad Bellum
MASTERS' KUNG FU : AN OFFICIAL BOOK OF THE MARTIAL ARTS COMMISSION
Tuite / Advanced pressure point grapping
Kagetora. 5, [Sacred duty]
The police self-defence handbook
The textbook of modern  karate
Hidy Ochiai's self-defense for kids : a guide for parents and teachers
Krav maga : an essential guide to the renowned method - for fitness and self-defense
Combat kick boxing
Meditations on violence : a comparison of martial arts training & real world violence
Hapkido : an introduction to the art of self-defense
Self-defence in criminal law
Looks at the differences between martial arts and violence, with information on such topics as expectations of martial arts training, thinking critically about violence, and adapting training methods to reality.
Japanese swordsmanship : technique and practice
Aggressive network self-defence
Kagetora. 4, [Family affairs]
Kyusho-jitsu / The dillman method of pressure point fighting
Krav maga : an essential guide to the renowned method for fitness and self-defence
The kung fu handbook
Ultimate training for the martial arts
Krav maga : how to defend yourself against armed assault
Common sense self-defense : 7 rules that can save your life
Pressure-point fighting : [a guide to the secret heart of Asian martial arts]
This exploration into the development of women's self-defence from 1850 to 1914 features major writers, including H.G. Wells, Elizabeth Robins and Richard Marsh, and encompasses an unusually wide-ranging number of subjects from hatpin crimes to the development of martial arts for women.
SELF DEFENCE : the complete course : a simple, practical step-by-step guide forall
Complete krav maga : the ultimate guide to over 230 self-defense and combative techniques
The security handbook
Bruce lee's fighting method.. Vol. 4
Black belt krav maga : elite techniques of the world’s most powerful combat system
Fighting power : how to develop explosive punches, kicks, blocks, and grappling
Taekwondo : Traditional art & modern sport
Penny Gulliver's self-defence handbook for women
Bokken : art of the Japanese sword
The young martial arts enthusiast
"I want to find a way to create and show art that depicts the terror and rage and healing on a very direct level," Sue Martin says in a statement that reflects the views of most contributors to this difficult-to-categorize volume. Conceived at a California conference that attempted to reassert feminism after the Reagan/Bush years, so much emphasis is placed on art as a therapeutic tool that the creative act seems secondary. Many of the "artworks" included here are instead summaries of performances and installations. Poems by Wanda Coleman seem an extension of her prose diatribe about black life in Hollywood. Many writers discuss the police term "NHI" (no human involved) often used to write off the murders of prostitutes--a concept actualized by contrasting the failure to locate the murderer of 45 prostitutes in California with the rapid conviction of Aileen Wuornos, a Florida woman, for the murder of five men.
Killing in self-defence
Weapons and fighting arts of Indonesia
Dynamic jujitsu : small circle theory
Ultimate aikido : secrets of self-defence and inner power
Personal safety and self defence
Wing chun kung-fu. Vol. 1, Basic forms & principles
Kagetora. 8, [Brotherly love?]
Kagetora. 9, [Three's not the charm!]
Taekwondo : traditions, philosophy, technique
The secret art of health & fitness
Femininity, crime and self-defence in Victorian literature and society : from dagger-fans to suffragettes
Teaching self-defense in secondary physical education
Kagetora. 7, [Three's a crowd]
Judo with words : an intelligent way to counter verbal attacks
Cold in July
Taekwondo basics
Zen Shaolin karate : the complete practice, philosophy and history
Advanced self defence
Guide book out-lining the 10 most common street attacks the occur in the U.K. and how different self-defense and martial arts discipline evaluate and combat the situation
Bruce Lee's fighting method : the complete edition
Children and the martial arts : an Aikido point of view
A time to kill : the myth of christian pacifism
Taekwondo : The complete course
The essential survival handbook
The complete martial arts
The Ultimate mixed martial arts training guide : techniques for fitness, self defense & competition
Guide book out-lining the 10 most common street attacks that occurs in the U.K. and how different self-defense and martial arts discipline evaluate and combat the situation.
Recourse to force : state action threats and armed attacks
Taekwondo : a step-by-step guide to the Korean art of self-defence
Advanced pressure point fighting of Ryukyu Kempo : Dillman theory for all systems
Martial arts : the spiritual dimension
Critical condition : women on the edge of violence
Practical karate. Book 3, Against multiple unarmed assailants
Protection, security, and safeguards : practical approaches and perspectives
Prepardeness now! : [an emergency survival guide]
Shooting to kill : socio-legal perspectives on the use of lethal force
JUDO : THE COMPLETE COURSE : A STEP-BY-STEP GUIDE FROM FIRST MOVE TO FIRST COMPETITION
Bruce Lee's fighting method. Vol. 2 : Basic training /cby Bruce Lee and M. Uyehara ; poetry by Mike Plane
Krav maga for women : your ultimate program for self-defense
Bruce lee's fighting method.. Vol. 1
Tae kwon do : the ultimate reference guide to the world's most popular martial art
Bruce lee's fighting method.. Vol. 3
Wing chun : skill and philosophy
Krav maga for beginners : a step-by-step guide to the world's easiest-to-learn, most-effective fitness and fighting program
Martial arts basics : from Olympic sports to self-defense systems
My self defence coach : Xbox 360, Kinect
Taekwondo : traditional art & modern sport
Taekwondo : traditional art & Modern sport
Permissible killing : the self-defence justification of homicide
Advanced Krav Maga : The Next Level of Fitness and Self-defence
Defensive tactics for the security professional
The Malay art of self-defense : silat seni gayong
Bruce Tegner's complete book of self-defense
Kagetora. 6, [A love that cannot be]
SAS and Special Forces fitness training : an elite workout program for body and mind
The invisible fist : secret Ninja methods of vanishing without a trace
Practical karate. Book 2, Against the unarmed assailant
Scary and sneaky
Armed & female
The self-defence manual
Got fight? : the 50 zen principles of hand-to-face combat
From defense to resistance : justification of violence during the French Wars of Religion
This book is about decisions. Not the everyday kind such as "What should I wear today?" or "Where shall we eat tonight?" but decisions that deal with life, death, and protecting the innocent. Self defense is not only about individual survival; self defense can also decide the fate of a nation and all its citizens. "A Time to Kill: The Myth of Christian Pacifism" answers questions such as: Do federal, state, and local laws allow citizens to defend themselves against criminal attack? What means are available for self defense? What strategies should one use to avoid potential conflict. Can Christians defend themselves against Islamic extremists? Is pacifism in the Bible? Do the Gospels say Jesus was a pacifist? What if God commands us to use deadly force to defend the innocent? How do Jesus and the New Testament writers feel about the military? What does the Bible say about the death penalty? Can Christians sit on juries and vote for the death penalty? Can Jesus' teachings help soldiers with combat-induced PTSD? Does the Bible have a consistent message about self-defense from the Old Testament to the New?”
