http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3511 settlement (population)
settlement (population)
This article discusses how the national innovation policies in Finland, Sweden and Norway consider regionality, especially peripheral regions. This aspect is of interest considering how these three countries perform well in international competition while having substantial differences between different regions in terms of their economical development. The northernmost parts of Finland, Sweden and Norway are raised as examples as they are especially challenging areas in the context of innovation activities. As a theoretical background I introduce the concepts of innovation systems and innovation policy and define the challenges involved when implementing innovation policies in peripheral regions. The study is realised by analysing 20 innovation policy documents: ten from Finland, six from Sweden and four from Norway. I use qualitative content analysis as a research method. This investigation shows that, in spite of the importance of regions in innovation activities, national innovation policies in the research countries do not consider regionality, or, more specifically, the less-favoured regions. Meanwhile, regional innovation systems, especially institutes of higher education, are seen as important for the economic development and competitiveness of the countries and their national innovation systems.
Varsinais-Suomen ulkoveronmaat 1560-luvulla : kartta III = Utbysskatterna i Egentiliga Finland på 1560-talet : karta III =Holdings in Finland proper in the 1560s that were or are assumed to be deserted medieval villages or farms : map III
Landscapes, power and coerced decisions : a study on Iron Age archipelago and mainland from the perspective of the Kemiönsaari area in SW Finland
Topography and population of ancient Boiotia
Kings of the North Sea, AD 250-850
New Sweden 1638-1938 : being a catalog of rare books and manuscripts relating to the Swedish colonization on the Delaware river
Rivers
Cibola burn : book four of the Expanse
Suomen asutus 1560-luvulla : kartta I = Bebyggelsen i Finland på 1560-talet : karta I = Settlement in Finland in the 1560s : map I.
Displaced : the human cost of development and resettlement
Forms of dwelling : 20 years of taskscapes in archaeology
Suffering for territory : race, place, and power in Zimbabwe
The "Aussenhaken" area in the city of Assur during the second half of the 7th century B.C. : a study of a neo-Assyrian city quarter and its demography
Environmental change and human culture in the Nile Basin and Northern Africa until the second millennium B.C
People at the crossroads of space and time : (footmarks of societies in ancient Europe). 2
Scottish marine crannogs
Caliban's war : book two of the expanse
The Fenland in Roman times : studies of a major area of peasant colonization with a gazetteer covering all known sites and finds
Rural settlement in Tornio River valley : willignes and prospects
Environmental change and anthropogenic impact on lake sediments during the Holocene in the Finnish-Karelian inland area
Settlement archaeology
Regionality, innovation policy and peripheral regions in Finland, Sweden and Norway
It's been 21 days since the hundred landed on Earth. They're the only humans to set foot on the planet in centuries...or so they thought. Facing an unknown enemy, the hundred struggle to survive the only way they can--together, as secrets are revealed, beliefs are challenged, and relationships are tested / Library of Congress.
The first Americans
Becoming locals in a borderland of exiles : sense of place in the stories of Lithuania Minor dwellers
Making places in the prehistoric world : themes in settlement archaeology
Wroxeter, the Cornovii, and the urban process : final report on the Wroxeter Hinterland project 1994-1997. Vol. 1, Researching the Hinterland
Geographical changes of rural settlement in northwestern Sweden since 1523
The son
Border life : experience and memory in the revolutionary Ohio Valley
Prehistoric settlement patterns in the Virú Valley, Perú
Comprehensive strategy to combat poverty : social reintegration, rehabilitation and reconstruction and economic stabilization = [Estratégia de combate à pobreza : reinserção social, reabilitação e reconstrução e estabilização económica]
Social housing across Europe
Through the course of prehistory in India : tracing the mtDNA trail
Asutusrakenteen kehitys Varsinais-Suomessa : alueellinen rakenne = Utvecklingen av bebyggelsestrukturen i Egentliga Finland : regional struktur = The development of settlement structure in Varsinais-Suomi : regional structure. Kartta 5, Asutus 1650-luvulla = Bebyggelsen på 1650-talet = Settlement in the 1650-s
Terra Formars. 7
Prehispanic settlement patterns in the northwestern Valley of Mexico : the Zumpango region
Providing a detailed consideration of previous theories of native settlement patterns and the impact of Roman colonization, Dacia offers fresh insight into the province Dacia and the nature of Romanization. It analyzes Roman-native interaction from a landscape perspective focusing on the core territory of both the Iron Age and Roman Dacia. Oltean considers the nature and distribution of settlement in the pre-Roman and Roman periods, the human impact on the local landscapes and the changes which occurred as a result of Roman occupation. Dealing with the way that the Roman conquest and organization of Dacia impacted on the native settlement pattern and society, this book will find itself widely used amongst students of ancient Rome.
Prehispanic settlement patterns in the upper Mantaro and Tarma drainages, Junín, Peru. Vol. 1, The Tarama-Chinchaycocha region
Neighbourhood dynamics in inner-Budapest : a realist approach
The land of Assur & the yoke of Assur : studies on Assyria, 1971-2005
Poseleniâ na srednej Vyčegde v èpohu neolita = Habitations on the Middle Vychegda in the neolithic
Human activity in the Oulanka river valley in prehistoric times
Stealing light
Retroworld
The impacts of permanent shoreline residential housing on municipal economies.
The moon : resources, future development and settlement
People at the crossroads of space and time : (footmarks of societies in ancient Europe). 1
Sustainable villages in northern conditions : review on sanitation alternatives in rural areas
Capercaillie (Tetrao urogallus L.) habitats in managed Finnish forests : the current status, threats and possibilities
Enduring records : the environmental and cultural heritage of wetlands
Asezarea Dacica de la Arpasu de Sus = The Dacian settlement at Arpasu de Sus
Canada : a study of cool continental environments and their effect on British and French settlement
Dynamics of job creation, restructuring and industrialisation in rural Finland
Archaeology of the Cañada de Cuicatlán, Oaxaca
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Shaped by cartoons and museum dioramas, our vision of Paleolithic times tends to feature fur-clad male hunters fearlessly attacking mammoths while timid women hover fearfully behind a boulder. In fact, recent research has shown that this vision bears little relation to reality.The field of archaeology has changed dramatically in the past two decades, as women have challenged their male colleagues' exclusive focus on hard artifacts such as spear points rather than tougher to find evidence of women's work. J. M. Adovasio and Olga Soffer are two of the world's leading experts on perishable artifacts such as basketry, cordage, and weaving. In The Invisible Sex, the authors present an exciting new look at prehistory, arguing that women invented all kinds of critical materials, including the clothing necessary for life in colder climates, the ropes used to make rafts that enabled long-distance travel by water, and nets used for communal hunting. Even more important, women played a central role in the development of language and social life - in short, in our becoming human. In this eye-opening book, a new story about women in prehistory emerges with provocative implications for our assumptions about gender today.
Savolaisasutuksen leviäminen 1500-luvulla : kartta II =Den Savolaxiska kolonisationen på 1500-talet : karta II = The expansion of settlement from the province of Savo during the 16th Century : map II
Recent advances in research show that the distinctive features of high medieval civilization began developing centuries earlier than previously thought. The era once dismissed as a "Dark Age" now turns out to have been the long morning of the medieval millennium: the centuries from AD 500 to 1000 witnessed the dawn of developments that were to shape Europe for centuries to come. In 2004, historians, art historians, archaeologists, and literary specialists from Europe and North America convened at Harvard University for an interdisciplinary conference exploring new directions in the study of that long morning of medieval Europe, the early Middle Ages.Invited to think about what seemed to each the most exciting new ways of investigating the early development of western European civilization, this impressive group of international scholars produced a wide-ranging discussion of innovative types of research that define tomorrow's field today. The contributors, many of whom rarely publish in English, test approaches extending from using ancient DNA to deducing cultural patterns signified by thousands of medieval manuscripts of saints' lives. They examine the archaeology of slave labor, economic systems, disease history, transformations of piety, the experience of power and property, exquisite literary sophistication, and the construction of the meaning of palace spaces or images of the divinity. The book illustrates in an approachable style the vitality of research into the early Middle Ages, and the signal contributions of that era to the future development of western civilization.The chapters cluster around new approaches to five key themes: the early medieval economy; early medieval holiness; representation and reality in early medieval literary art; practices of power in an early medieval empire; and the intellectuality of early medieval art and architecture. Michael McCormick's brief introductions open each part of the volume; synthetic essays by accomplished specialists conclude them. The editors summarize the whole in a synoptic introduction. All Latin terms and citations and other foreign-language quotations are translated, making this work accessible even to undergraduates. "The Long Morning of Medieval Europe: New Directions in Early Medieval Studies" presents innovative research across the wide spectrum of study of the early Middle Ages. It exemplifies the promising questions and methodologies at play in the field today, and the directions that beckon tomorrow.
P. Petra inv. 83 : a settlement of dispute
Archaeology and ethnoarchaeology of mobility
Changing patterns of settlement and land use in the Eastern Province of Northern Rhodesia
The 100
The long morning of medieval Europe : new directions in early medieval studies
Palanga in the middle ages : ancient settlements
Research on long-term perspectives for human settlements development in the ECE region : synthesis report
Re-distribution from above : the politics of land rights and squatting in costal Kenya
Popular housing and urban land tenure in the Middle East : case studies from Egypt
This study analyses the socio-economic transformation of Finnish peripheral areas. Changes are scrutinised in the context of industrial restructuring in order to unravel the mechanisms that impact on rural transformation. A policy shift towards rationalisation of the primary sector commenced in the mid-1960s, and regional policy promoted rural industrialisation. In recent years depopulation combined with improving productivity in services has restricted the growth of public sector employment in the northern, north-eastern and eastern parts of the country. The analysis ends by scrutinising the impacts of the boom in the information and communication technology sector on the rural economic landscape at the turn of the millennium. Two geographically almost identical industrial development patterns are detected: the regional policy-based rural manufacturing boom of the 1970s and the reindustrialisation period at the turn of the millennium, led by the growth and spatial expansion of the information and telecommunication technology cluster.
The settlers. 7 : Paths to a kingdom : PC DVD-ROM
The prehistoric settlement of Britain
The impacts of the European Union accession to the situation and the economic, social structure of several settlements of the Region of Bihar
Bowl of heaven
Barsk : the elephants' graveyard
Resident peoples and national parks : social dilemmas and strategies in international conservation
Between Jerusalem and Hebron : Jewish settlement in the Hebron Mountains an the Etzion Bloc in the pre-state period
Evaluating European Union funded projects : case MINWA
Mission : Red planet
How we'll live on Mars
The Norse of the North Atlantic
The impact of rural resettlement on livelihoods : a case of Isara resettlement site in Dawuro, Ethiopia
An atlas for Celtic studies : archaeology and names in ancient Europe and early medieval Ireland, Britain, and Brittany
The ancient home of the Finns
Ceramics, chronology, and community patters : an archaeological study at Moundville
A study in the morphology of the Finns and its relation to the settlement of Finland
Crossfire
The Early Iron Age in South Scandinavia : social order in settlement and landscape
A history of ancient Britain
The Linguistic Background of the  Ancient Meshchera Tribe and Principal Areas of  Settlement
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
Shipstar
Atlas över skärgårds-Finland = Saaristo-Suomen kartasto = Atlas of the archipelago of Southwestern Finland
Glasshouse
Topography and history of ancient Epicnemidian Locris
Prehispanic settlement patterns in the upper Mantaro and Tarma drainages, Junín, Peru. Vol. 2, The Wanka region
Man, settlement and urbanism : proceedings of a meeting of the research seminar in archaeology and related subjects held at the Institute of archaeology, London University
Summary.
The human settlements situation in the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan : country profile
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Highlights of the human settlements situation in the United Arab Emirates : country profile
Caliban's war : book two of the Expanse
Problems of Medieval settlement in Lapland on the basis of excavations in the Tornio river valley
Finnish settlement in rural Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada
"Although displacement is commonly associated with refugees fleeing conflict, millions of people are resettled every year in the name of development and progress. Many of these individuals endure social and cultural disruption as well as economic upheaval, and a significant number never regain their former quality of life. Despite this, the voices of those with direct experience of displacement are rarely heard. Displaced seeks to redress this, bringing together oral histories that reveal the loss of cultural continuity and identity, shifts in family responsibilities and gender roles, and fractured relationships between generations that are just some of the challenges people face as they attempt to rebuild lives and communities. Although these narratives are suffused with regret and a sense of loss, they also demonstrate resourcefulness and resilience in the face of profound change. Development's social cost continues to be under-reported; these stories are a crucial reminder of its often devastating consequences"--
Samenvatting en conclusies: Buurtverandering in centraal Budapest : een critisch-realistische analyse.
Byzantine urban settlements in the Negev desert
Homecoming
The hinterland of a city : rural settlement and land use in the Petra region from the Nabataean-Roman to the Early Islamic period
Peopling the Russian periphery : borderland colonization in Eurasian history
Big dams, displaced people : rivers of sorrow rivers of change
Atlas of Finland. Appendix 153 (1992), Settlement
Highlights of the human settlements situation in Bahrain : country profile
Contemporary housing issues in a globalized world
The last Vikings : the epic story of the great Norse voyagers
The Northern world : the history and heritage of Northern Europe : AD 400-1100
The cage of Zeus
Israeli settlement assistance to Zambia, Nigeria and Nepal
Holme House, Piercebridge ; excavations, 1969-1970 : a summary report
What is a Finntown?
The pattern and impact of Finnish settlement in Canada
The earliest civilizations : ancient Greece and the Near East 3000-200 B.C
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
The earliest postglacial inland settlement of Lapland
When 100 juvenile delinquents are sent on a mission to recolonize Earth, they get a second chance at freedom, friendship, and love, as they fight to survive in a dangerous new world / Library of Congress.
Asutusrakenteen kehitys Varsinais-Suomessa : alueellinen rakenne = Utvecklingen av bebyggelsestrukturen i Egentliga Finland : regional struktur = The development of settlement structure in Varsinais-Suomi : regional structure. Kartta 13, Asutut asunnot km[sup2] ruuduttain 1980  = Bebodda bostäder per km[sup2] ruta 1980 = Inhabited dwellings by km[sup2] squares 1980
The Gene investigation : some new results
Settlement and economy in later Scandinavian prehistory
On the future development of recreational facilities in Finnish-speaking Etelä-Pohjanmaa, Finland
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
The Ouroboros wave
"The arrival of European settlers in the Americas disrupted indigenous lifeways, and the effects of colonialism shattered Native communities. Forced migration and human trafficking created a diaspora of cultures, languages, and people. Gregory D. Smithers and Brooke N. Newman have gathered the work of leading scholars, including Bill Anthes, Duane Champagne, Daniel Cobb, Donald Fixico, and Joy Porter, among others, in examining an expansive range of Native peoples and the extent of their influences through reaggregation. These diverse and wide-ranging essays uncover indigenous understandings of self-identification, community, and culture through the speeches, cultural products, intimate relations, and political and legal practices of Native peoples. Native Diasporas explores how indigenous peoples forged a sense of identity and community amid the changes wrought by European colonialism in the Caribbean, the Pacific Islands, and the mainland Americas from the seventeenth through the twentieth century. Broad in scope and groundbreaking in the topics it explores, this volume presents fresh insights from scholars devoted to understanding Native American identity in meaningful and methodologically innovative ways"--
The invisible sex : uncovering the true roles of women in prehistory
The artificial islets/crannogs of the central Inner Hebrides
Abandon ́s gate : book three of the expanse
Farms of northern Finland
Dacia : landscape, colonization and romanization
Landscape dynamics : spatial analyses of villages and farms on Gotland AD 200-1700
Murman - the cost of hope : the history of colonization 1860-1940
Asutusrakenteen kehitys Varsinais-Suomessa : alueellinen rakenne = Utvecklingen av bebyggelsestrukturen i Egentliga Finland : regional struktur = The development of settlement structure in Varsinais-Suomi : regional structure. Kartta 10, Asutus 1920-luvulla = Bebyggelsen på 1920-talet = Settlement in the 1920-s
Empire of light
Medieval rural settlement : Britain and Ireland, AD 800-1600
Asutusrakenteen kehitys Varsinais-Suomessa : alueellinen rakenne = Utvecklingen av bebyggelsestrukturen i Egentliga Finland : regional struktur = The development of settlement structure in Varsinais-Suomi : regional structure. Kartta 9, Asutus 1890-luvulla            = Bebyggelsen på 1890-talet            = Settlement in the 1890-s
Religion and colonization in ancient Greece
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Bonus locus : studies on the distribution of Roman villas in the countryside around Rome
Colony and mother city in ancient Greece
Asutusrakenteen kehitys Varsinais-Suomessa : alueellinen rakenne = Utvecklingen av bebyggelsestrukturen i Egentliga Finland : regional struktur = The development of settlement structure in Varsinais-Suomi : regional structure. Kartta 12, Asutus 1960-luvun alussa = Bebyggelsen vid början av 1960-talet = Settlement in the beginning of the 1960-s
Applied studies in climate adaptation
Asutusrakenteen kehitys Varsinais-Suomessa : alueellinen rakenne = Utvecklingen av bebyggelsestrukturen i Egentliga Finland : regional struktur = The development of settlement structure in Varsinais-Suomi : regional structure. Kartta 8, Asutus 1850-luvun puolivälissä = Bebyggelsen vid mitten av 1850-talet = Settlement in the middle of   1850-s
Ethnic frontiers and peripheries : landscapes of development and inequality in Israel
The Nile delta as a centre of cultural interactions between upper Egypt and the southern Levant in the 4th millennium BC
Houses and households in ancient Mesopotamia : papers read at the 40e Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale, Leiden, July 5-8, 1993
Race for the galaxy
Space-time dependence in regional development : the geospatial approach to understanding the development processes in small-scale areas of Finland
Colonists on the shores of the Gulf of Finland : medieval settlement in the coastal regions of Estonia and Finland
The gates have opened the way to a thousand new worlds and the rush to colonize has begun. Settlers looking for a new life stream out from humanity's home planets. Ilus, the first human colony on this vast new frontier, is being born in blood and fire. Independent settlers stand against the overwhelming power of a corporate colony ship with only their determination, courage, and the skills learned in the long wars of home. Innocent scientists are slaughtered as they try to survey a new and alien world. The struggle on Ilus threatens to spread all the way back to Earth. James Holden and the crew of the Rocinante are sent to make peace in the midst of war and sense in the heart of chaos. But the more he looks at it, the more Holden thinks the mission was meant to fail. And the whispers of a dead man remind him that the great galactic civilization that once stood on this land is gone. And that something killed it" / WorldCat.
Of international justice in light of human moral ontology : an interpretive study of Finnish attitudes towards refugees
Archaeology of settlements and landscape in the North
Native diasporas : indigenous identities and settler colonialism in the Americas
