http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3518 magnesium
magnesium
Influence of sodium and potassium fertilization on the sodium concentration of timothy
Introduction to magnesium and its alloys
The relationship of magnesium to disease in domestic animals and in humans
Compendium on magnesium and its role in biology, nutrition, and physiology
LD 50, excretion, serum and bone levels of F after a high single F ans F+Mg dose in rats
Dental caries models : effects of sucrose modified by fluoride and magnesium
Zn concentration of human subgingival calculus related to F, Mg and Cu contents
Light metals for the automotive industry
Annual and seasonal changes in mineral contents (Ca, Mg, P, K and Na) of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
Effects of K+Mg and K+Mg+F substitutions for dietary sodium on caries and calculus in rats
Magnesium is an essential mineral which is required for growth and survival of humans. Since magnesium is a mineral and not synthesizable it must be obtained through dietary foods and/or supplements. Magnesium in Human Health and Disease reviews the benefits of magnesium supplementation to reach recommended intakes as well as provides new research that suggests how reaching levels above the recommended intakes can promote health and treat various diseases. Magnesium deficiency can cause low serum potassium and calcium levels, retention of sodium, and low circulating levels of regulatory hormones. These changes in nutrients cause neurological and muscular symptoms such as tremor and muscle spasms. Further magnesium deficiency causes loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, personality changes and death from heart failure. Causes of magnesium deficiency include alcohol abuse, poorly controlled diabetes, excessive or chronic vomiting and/or diarrhea. Thus the effects of inadequate and deficient intakes or levels of magnesium is critical to health and are reviewed by the expert clinicians in this book. Magnesium in Human Health and Disease provides the most current research to support the potential benefits or lack thereof for normal and high supplementation with magnesium. Animal model research and early human trials are reviewed to document other disease states such as hypertension, cholesterol level, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease that would benefit from increased magnesium.
Effect of magnesium and fluoride on the fermentative dissolution of enamel by a streptococcal layer as measured by microhardness tester and a proton probe microanalysis
Magnesium and cardiovascular disease
KLL Auger spectra of sodium, magnesium, aluminium, and silicon
Mineral contents and heavy metal contaminants of four predominant snail species in the Niger Delta: African giant land snail (Archachatina marginata), African land snail (Achatina fulica), water snail (Pila ovata) and garden snail (Limicolaria aurora) were evaluated. Snail tissues and body fluids were harvested having cracked the tail-end of the shell. Triplicate samples of macerated snail tissues and body fluids were separately digested and extracts evaluated for contents of K, Na, Ca, Mg, Zn, Fe and P. The contributions of mineral elements in snail tissues to daily recommended dietary allowances (RDA) for adult males and females were assessed and the results discussed. Contents of Cu, Pb, Cd, Hg and Cr in the tissues as heavy metal contaminants were analysed and compared with Federal Environmental Protection Agency (FEPA) specifications for metals in foods. The ranges of K, Na and Ca contents of snail tissues were 40.4-61.7, 19.3-93.2 and 44.6-530.9 micro g/g, respectively. Similarly Mg, Zn and Fe ranges of snail tissues were 45.6-87.5, 0.7-6.6 and 3.5-34.9 micro g/g, respectively. Significant (P<0.05) species differences were observed in the mineral contents of the snail tissues and body fluids. Higher concentrations of K were recorded in the tissues of P. ovata, A. fulica and L. aurora than in A. marginata. L. aurora tissues had significantly (P<=0.05) higher Ca, Mg and Zn than other snail tissues. Mineral contents of body fluids followed the trends of distribution in the snail tissues. L. aurora had the highest contribution of Ca (13.3/13.3%), Mg (5.46/7.10%) and Zn (15.0/20.6%) to the RDA for adult males and females, respectively. A. fulica, P. ovata and L. aurora had mean contributions of K 0.3% while P. ovata had the highest contribution of Fe 109.1% and Na 4.7% to the RDA for adult males and females. Generally, Cu, Pb, Cd, Hg and Cr were accumulated at levels lower than the World Health Organisation (WHO) and Federal Environmental Protection Agency (FEPA), Nigeria, specifications for metals in foods.
Effects of foliar nitrogen, potassium and magnesium concentrations and irradiance on the resistance of Scots pine seedlings to scleroderris canker infection
Magnesium supply by convenience products
Mg content of healthy and chronically diseased human cancellous bone in relation to age and some physical and chemical factors
Effects of fluoride + magnesium ions in a str. mutans "plaque" on the demineralization of enamel surface treated with fluoride varnish
Magnesium Biomaterials provides a succinct up-to-date overview of Magnesium biomaterial development, critically examines the types of in vitro experiments that may be performed, and investigates the numerous variables that affect Magnesium biodegradation when undertaking these experiments. This work also discusses the direction in which current Magnesium biomaterial development is heading and the necessary steps for future development of this field. Information is drawn from numerous multi-disciplinary sources to provide a coherent and critical overview. Magnesium Biomaterials is ideal for researchers in the area of bio-Mg, companies interested in exploring their own alloys, and for researchers working with other biodegradable materials who are seeking a cross-platform understanding of material performance.
Arrestment of aortic calcification and nephrocalcinosis in rats through reduction of dietary phosphate without or with added Mg,F or Mg+F for caries reductions
Quantification of the release of K, Mg and Mn during rapid and slow devolatilization of pulverized biomass fuels in a wire-mesh reactor
Reduction of the lethality and the nephrocalcinotic effect of single fluoride doses by magnesium in rats
Protection of oral health while considering the general health : findings on the etiology of dental caries and on the prevention of oral diseases, with some aspects of the general health and on the reduction of the toxicity of high fluoride doses
Zinc and magnesium in human teeth, calculus and bone
Further observations on the effects of dietary fluoride, magnesium and phospate additions on dental caries and calculus and the renal and aortic calcium in young rats
Leaf and fruit macronutrient composition during the growth period of apples
Calcium, phosphate and magnesium metabolism : clinical and physiology and diagnostic procedures
Fluoride, magnesium and dental caries
Variation in the blood chemical constituents of reindeer:significance of season, nutrition and other extrinsic and intrinsic factors
Effect of sport-drink with and without fluoride and magnesium supplements on rat performance
One bond - many enzymes: functional studies of three enzymes hydrolyzing the phosphoanhydride bond
Caries reduction in rats through F + Mg supplementation of dietary sucrose with observations on bone mineral density and soft and hard tissue minerals
Mg2+ and F- interactions in the fermentative dissolution of enamel by a str. mutans "plaque"
Urinary stone analysis : methods, materials and value
Correlation of demineralization of dental hard tissues (caries ) of fluoride and magnesium to diet with observations on renal calcium
Die casting metallurgy
Vasoactive substances in the pre-eclamptic placenta
Corrosion Prevention of Magnesium Alloys
Effect of cooking on the mineral and antinutrient contents of the leaves of seven accessions of Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott growing in South Africa
Magnesium and calcium-modulates mitochondrial functions
Fluoride and magnesium intake in relation to atherosclerosis, dental caries and renal calculus in rats
Identification of the crossing point at N=21 between normal and intruder configurations
Alterations by Mg and F of the fermentative dissolution on f-varnished enamel by streptococcal layer measurement by a microhardness tester and a proton probe microanalysis
Serum and urinary electrolytes in normal and complicated pregnancy : with special reference to diuretic treatment. Seppo Kivinen
Effects of tree species and nutrient application on distribution and budgets of base cations in Swedish forest ecosystems
Engineering materials pocket book
Plasma magnesium levels during the first five days of life
Regulation of protein phosphorylation in brain and liver mitochondria by magnesium and calcium with emphasis on subunit c of ATP synthase
Magnesium technology : metallurgy, design data, applications
Biogeochemical cycles of elements : an introduction to behaviour of main mineral nutrients of plants and microorganisms
Modern machine shop's guide to engineering materials
Effects of metal ions and wood pitch on retention and paper properties
Fluoride and magnesium in dental plaque
Calcium and magnesium in drinking water : public health significance
Arrestment of caries in rats by adding fluoride and magnesium to the diet
Risk evaluation of essential trace elements : essential verus toxic levels of intake : report of a Nordic project group
The main objective of the study was to compare nutrient balances of phosphorus (P), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and calcium (Ca) on fertilized grass pasture (high input) and unfertilized grass-clover pasture (low input) both grazed by dairy cattle. The second aim was to quantify P loss in surface runoff from the fertilized grass pasture. The study was conducted on a lysimeter field that included two surface runoff collector ditches. The whole area was rotationally stocked five times per year and the amount of milk was recorded. Nutrient balances were negative on both grass and grass-clover pastures except the P balance for grass pasture, which was 18 kg ha-1 positive. The amount of total P in the surface runoff from fertilized grass pasture was 1.2-0.9 kg ha-1 y-1. It seems that in short-term ley farming, grass-clover swards can retain nutrients in the soil better than pure grass swards.
Advances in magnesium research : physiology, pathology and pharmacology
Risk of myocardial infarction in Finnish men in relation to fluoride, magnesium and calcium concentrations in drinking water
Comments on magnesium intake and fluoride intake in the modern-day world
The changes in solvent properties
Advanced aluminium and magnesium alloys : proceedings of the International Conference on Light Metals, Amsterdam, 20-22 June 1990
Summary.
Studies on the ternary system copper-magnesium-silicon
Magnesium in human health and disease
Corrosion resistance of aluminum and magnesium alloys : understanding, performance, and testing
Unbalanced nutrient status and mycorrhizal roots of Scots pine
Magnesium biomaterials : design, testing, and best practice
Mechanical testing in the project "Snabbstelnade lättmetallegeringar"
Ferrochelatase and magnesium chelatase : metal chelation studied with mutants
Effects of intravenously administered magnesium on propensity to cardiac arrhythmias
Production of magnesium carbonates from serpentinites for CO2 mineral sequestration : optimisation towards industrial application
Magnesium and calcium concentrations in drinking water of patients with myocardial infarction and of their hospital and population controls
Mineral contents of tissues and body fluids and heavy metal contaminants of four predominant snail species in the Niger Delta
The effect of magnesium and fluoride on nephrocalcinosis and aortic calcification in rats given high sucrose diets with added phosphates
Fluoride and magnesium, two ions in the prevention of calcium salt inbalance, including caries prevention, in man and animals
Studies on the function and expression of Fc-gamma and complement receptors on human neutrophils
The reaction mechanism and operating window for the decomposition of hydrated magnesium sulfate under reducing conditions
ASM handbook. 13 B, Corrosion: materials
Inhibition of demineralization of dental hard tissues (caries) of rats through additions of fluoride and magnesium to diet with observations on renal calcium
Reduction of the toxic effects of fluoride by magnesium in rats
High-sensitivity study of levels in 30Al following β decay of 30Mg
The role of magnesium in the aetiology and prevention of caries : some new findings and implications
Studies on potassium balance during diuretic therapy with special reference to magnesium
Production of Mg(OH)2 from Mg-silicate rock for CO2 mineral sequestration
Dietary electrolytes and cyclosporine toxicity : experimental studies in spontaneously hypertensive rats
Cellular electrophysiological modulation in chronic atrial fibrillation : studies with magnesium and GIK solution
Growth, dental caries and renal and aortic calcium in rats, modified by low and high fluoride and magnesium additions to a cariogenic and atherogenic diet
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture and magnesium intake on some blood and urine minerals and acid-base balance of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding
Excretion, serum, bone and kidney levels of F in rats after a high single dose of F and Mg + F.
Statistical supplement to 'Magnesium, magnesite, dolomite and magnesium compounds : world survey of production, consumption and prices with special reference to future trends'
The flows and balances of P, K, Ca and Mg on intensively managed Boreal high input grass and low input grass-clover pastures
Justification for magnesium therapy in acute ischaemic disease : clinical and experimental studies
The effect of cooking on the mineral and antinutrient contents of the leaves of seven accessions (UFCe1 - UFCe7) of Colocasia esculenta (L.) Schott growing in South Africa was investigated. Cooking significantly reduced the phosphorus, potassium and zinc contents. After cooking, calcium, magnesium, sodium and copper levels were not significantly different in almost all the accessions tested in the study. In contrast, cooking appears to increase the iron levels in all the samples, though this was not significant in most of the accessions. The manganese levels were also reduced with cooking in four accessions while UFCe3, UFCe6 and UFCe7 showed increase in manganese level after boiling. Generally, potassium and magnesium contents were reasonably high in all the accessions. High dietary potassium in humans plays a protective role against hypertension, stroke, cardiac dysfunctions, renal damage, hypercalciuria, kidney stones and osteoporosis. The results further indicate that the accessions are good sources of potassium, magnesium, sodium and calcium. Salts of these minerals are known to regulate the acid-base balance of the body. Boiling remarkably reduced the level of the anti-nutritional factors, thereby improving the food quality of all the accessions tested in this study. Boiling for 5 min led to 16-78% drop in oxalate level, 28-61% in tannin and 17-41% reduction in phytate contents in some of the accessions. Boiled C. esculenta leaves may therefore serve as a good source of iron. This may imply that the consumption of the leaves of cocoyam may increase the blood level and may therefore be recommended as a good food for anemic patients.
The ageing behaviour of magnesium-strontium nitrate pyrotechnic compositions
The technology of magnesium and its alloys
Base cations deposition in Europe : Sofie Hellsten ... [et al.]
Magnesium ions stabilizing solid-state transition metal hydrides
Designing with magnesium
Studies on MgCl2/alcohol adducts and a self-supported Ziegler-Natta catalyst for propene polymerization
Antenatal MgSO4 exposure and the preterm infant : clinical studies on hemodynamics, mineral status and one-year outcome
Variables related to Mg content of healthy and osteoporotic cancellous bone
Erosive effect of a sport drink mixture with and without addition of fluoride and magnesium on the molar teeth of rats
Intakes of magnesium and fluoride, and some systemic effects
An investigation of base cation deposition in Finland
The regional association of the hardness in well waters and the incidence of acute myocardial infarction in rural Finland
Cardiovascular disease and magnesium: epidemiological and experimental data
The Effects of maternal toxaemia and diuretic therapy on magnesium homeostasis and neurological signs and symptoms in newborn infants
Magnesium and the insulin resistance syndrome
The protective functions of magnesium on calcium overload-induced cellular damage
Biological chemistry of magnesium
The structural conservation and phylogeny of right-hand-shaped polymerases and structurally related proteins
Geomedical problems related to aluminium, iron and manganese
Effect of Zn and Mg on the formation of whitlockite in human subgingival calculus
Theoretical studies on aluminoxane co-catalysts and magnesium dichloride supports of polymerization catalysts from monomers to nanostructures and solids
Variations in mineralization of teeth in tissue culture
Fluoride, magnesium and calcium concentrations in drinking water of patients with myocardial infarction and of their hospital and population controls
Caries reduction in rats by phosphate, magnesium and fluoride additions to diet with modifications of dental calculus and calcium of the kidneys and aorta
Magnesium and calcium in drinking water and acute myocardial infarction
Magnesium in cellular processes and medicine : 4th International Symposium on Magnesium, Blacksburg, Va., July 23-28, 1985
Nutritive value of meat and bone meal for growing pigs
Open-shell doublet character in a hexaazatrinaphthylene trianion complex
Requirement for magnesium fertilization in Finland
Observations and implications of the Mg-vs-F in the interrelations in biosystems: a review
Mold-metal reactions in magnesium investment castings
Sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium and phosphate contents of dentinal fluid and gingival crevicular fluid in health and disease
