http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3510 colony
colony settlement
The many-headed hydra : sailors, slaves, commoners, and the hidden history of the revolutionary Atlantic
Terms of enlistment
Abstract.
The Alaskans
"In this era of recognition and reconciliation in settler societies indigenous peoples are laying claims to tribunals, courts and governments and reclaiming extensive territories and resource rights, in some cases even political sovereignty. But, paradoxically, alongside these practices of decolonization, settler societies continue the work of colonization in myriad everyday ways. This book explores this ongoing colonization in indigenous-settler identity politics in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States. These four are part of the 'Post-British World' and share colonial orientations towards indigenous peoples traceable to their European origins. The book identifies a shared settler imaginary that continues to constrain indigenous possibilities while it fails to deliver the redemption and unified nationhood settler peoples crave. Against this colonizing imaginary this book argues for the need for a new relational imaginary that recognizes the autonomy of indigenous ways of being, living and knowing"--
Since 1949, Tibetans and Uyghurs generally have been perceived as the two most problematic members of the PRC's great family of peoples and been the targets of 'carrot and stick' measures designed to facilitate their integration into the PRC. In recent years, a solution to the problem of Xinjiang and the Tibet has been sought in accelerated economic development, yet this is perceived by both groups with great suspicion. Addressing this situation, the volume explores the arenas of socio-economic development and market liberalization, popular culture, urban planning and relocation, environment and ecological migration, civil society, education and language, ethno-nationalism, as well as religious policies and practices. It is especially topical at a time when fieldwork in the regions where these two minorities live remains extremely difficult and politically sensitive. --Publisher's description.
The making of racial sentiment : slavery and the birth of the frontier romance
The last colony
The illustrated directory of the Old West
In the work of their hands is their prayer : cultural narrative and redemption on the American frontiers, 1830-1930
The son
The settlement of Iceland : a critical approach : Granastađir and the ecological heritage
After atlas : a Planetfall novel
Little house on the prairie
Europe and the world, 1650-1830
Settler economies in world history
Castles and colonists : an archaeology of Elizabethan Ireland
Old man's war
Evening's empires
Settler and nomad in Northern Torne Lappmark
Places of last resort : the expansion of the farm frontier into the boreal forest in Canada, c. 1910-1940
Economics of forest land clearing for agriculture
The Indian frontier, 1846-1890
Resettled for development : the case of New Halfa agricultural scheme, Sudan
Acclaimed author Emma Newman returns to the captivating universe she created in Planetfall with a stunning science fiction mystery where one man's murder is much more than it seems ... Govcorp detective Carlos Moreno was only a baby when Atlas left Earth to seek truth among the stars. But in that moment, the course of Carlos's entire life changed. Atlas is what took his mother away; what made his father lose hope; what led Alejandro Casales, leader of the religious cult known as the Circle, to his door. And now, on the eve of the fortieth anniversary of Atlas's departure, it's got something to do why Casales was found dead in his hotel room--and why Carlos is the man in charge of the investigation. To figure out who killed one of the most powerful men on Earth, Carlos is supposed to put aside his personal history. But the deeper he delves into the case, the more he realises that escaping the past is not so easy. There's more to Casales's death than meets the eye, and something much more sinister to the legacy of Atlas than anyone realises.
On the fringes of the harmonious society : Tibetans and Uyghurs in socialist China
What happened in medieval Finnmark? : natives, newcomers and the enigma of the multi-room house
The starfarers quartet omnibus
Post war pioneering in Finland, with special reference to the role of the settlement areas
America as second creation : technology and narratives of new beginnings
The conquest of the west
The Oregon Trail : a new American journey
Pioneering study of the anglophone 'settler boom' in North America, Canada, South Africa, Australia, and New Zealand between the early 19th and early 20th centuries, looking at what made it the most successful of all such settler revolutions, and how this laid the basis of British and American power in the 19th and 20th centuries.
Isaac Asimov's Foundation trilogy and Manifest Destiny
In the North my nest is made : studies in the history of the Murman colonization 1860-1940
Deadwood : the complete first season
Rereading Frederick Jackson Turner : The significance of the frontier in American history and other essays
Comparing cowboys and frontiers
A seventeen-year-old colonist stranded on a deadly pioneer world recounts how she became a pawn in a dangerous interstellar confrontation during which she was forced to use her wits and make terrible sacrifices in order to save the human race.
The American West : a very short introduction
Between two worlds : how the English became Americans
Relating indigenous and settler identities : beyond domination
The expressmen
The American West : a new interpretive history
The expansion of New England : The Spread of New England Settlement and Institutions to the Mississippi River 1620-1865
Roughing it in the bush; or, Life in Canada
The impact of rural resettlement on livelihoods : a case of Isara resettlement site in Dawuro, Ethiopia
The Wild West : history, myth & the making of America
The English New England voyages 1602-1608
Ethnic frontiers and peripheries : landscapes of development and inequality in Israel
French Americans - native Americans in eighteenth-century French colonial Louisiana : the population geography of the Illinois indians, 1670s-1760s : the form and function of French-native settlement relations in eighteenth-century Louisiana
English and Irish settlement on the river Amazon, 1550-1646
The year is 2108, and the North American Commonwealth is bursting at the seams. For welfare rats like Andrew Grayson, there are only two ways out of the crime-ridden and filthy welfare tenements: You can hope to win the lottery and draw a ticket on a colony ship settling off-world, or you can join the service. Andrew chooses to enlist in the armed forces. But as he starts a career of supposed privilege, he soon learns that good food and decent health care come at a steep price.
Questions about land control have invigorated thinkers in agrarian studies and economic history since the nineteenth century. 'Exclusion', 'alienation', 'expropriation', 'dispossession', and 'violence' animate histories of land use, property rights, and territories. More recently, agrarian environments have been transformed by processes of de-agrarianization, urbanization, migration, and new forms of primitive accumulation. Even the classic agrarian question of how the social relations of agriculture will be influenced by capitalism has been reformulated at critical historical moments, reviving or producing new debates around the importance of land control. The authors in this volume focus on new frontiers of land control and their active creation. These frontiers are sites where established power relationships are challenged by new enclosures and property regimes, producing new social and environmental dynamics in their stead. Contributors examine labor and production processes engaged by new configurations of actors, new agrarian and environmental subjects and the networks connecting them, and new legal and violent means of challenging established or imminent land controls. Overall we find that land control still matters, though in changed degrees and manners. Land control will continue to inspire struggles for a long time. This book was originally published as a special issue of the Journal of Peasant Studies. -- back cover
Communities in decline : an examination of household resettlement in Newfoundland
Post war land clearance and pioneering activities in Finland
New frontiers of land control
Proceedings of the Eighth Viking Congress, Århus 24-31 August 1977
Moving Finnish houses : the knowledge of objects in former Finnish Karelia
Displacement and resettlement : the livelihoods of resettlers and hosts in Western Oromia, Ethiopia
Settlers on the edge : identity and modernization of Russia's arctic frontier
Replenishing the earth : the settler revolution and the rise of the Anglo-world, 1783--1939
The snow child
The Swedish settlements on the Delaware : Their History and Relation to the Indians, Dutch and English 1638-1664. 1
The Canadians
The settler colonial present
Early farming in the land of springs : settlement patterns and agriculture in Neolithic Greece
The Texans
The discarded people : an account of African resettlement in South Africa
Promised lands : promotion, memory, and the creation of the American West
West to far Michigan : settling the Lower Peninsula, 1815-1860
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised north
Renata Ghali believed in Lee Suh-Mi's vision of a world far beyond Earth, calling to humanity. A planet promising to reveal the truth about our place in the cosmos, untainted by overpopulation, pollution, and war. Ren believed in that vision enough to give up everything to follow Suh-Mi into the unknown. More than twenty-two years have passed since Ren and the rest of the faithful braved the starry abyss and established a colony at the base of an enigmatic alien structure where Suh-Mi has since resided, alone. All that time, Ren has worked hard as the colony's 3-D printer engineer, creating the tools necessary for human survival in an alien environment, and harboring a devastating secret. Ren continues to perpetuate the lie forming the foundation of the colony for the good of her fellow colonists, despite the personal cost. Then a stranger appears, far too young to have been part of the first planetfall, a man who bears a remarkable resemblance to Suh-Mi. The truth Ren has concealed since planetfall can no longer be hidden. And its revelation might tear the colony apart.
The divided ground : Indians, settlers and the northern borderland of the American Revolution
Mayflower : the diary of Remember Patience Whipple, 1620
Utopians and utilitarians : environment and economy in the Finnish-Canadian settlement of Sointula
Settlements, kinship and hunting grounds in traditional Greenland : a comparative study of local experiences from Upernavik and Ammassalik
The great land rush and the making of the modern world, 1650-1900
The lonesome plains : death and revival on an American frontier
Gunfighter nation : the myth of the frontier in twentieth-century America
