http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3523 day care
day care
Associations of group-based day care arrangements to indicators of adulthood sociability : the 32-year prospective young Finns study
Fields and capitals : constructing local life
Education in a changing society : proposed research project in Finland, in the United States and in Russia
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Advances in early education and day care
How to be an outstanding childminder
Caring for children : challenge to America
Child care and corporate productivity : resolving family/work conflicts
Gender perspectives on the formation of the professional field for caring and education of children
Enough caregiver time for children adopted from abroad to Finland? : Child and family background factors associated with daycare start - FinAdo study
Maternal and paternal separation anxiety: relations to toddlers' separation distress in the day-care setting : the Kangaroo project
Childminder's guide to child development
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
The childminder's companion : a practical guide to looking after other people's children
Around the clock : childcare services at atypical times
Day care for young children : international perspectives
The childcare bible : the ultimate guide to all forms of childcare
Contemplating space syntax and leadership in daycare settings
The early years handbook : a comprehensive guide to managing provision in the early years foundation stage
The effect of intervention on the quality of secondary caregiver-child interaction : Kangaroo project
Mother care - other care
Patterns of operation, group sizes and staff-child ratios
Infant and child in the culture of today
Working families and growing kids : caring for children and adolescents
Childminder : a study in action research
Defining and assessing quality in early childhood education
Work and childcare : implementing the Council recommendation on childcare : a guide to good practice
Learning to be strong : setting up a neighbourhood service for under-fives and their families
Planning for individual needs in early childhood services
An exploration of the concept of involvement as an indicator for quality in early childhood care and education
Childcare, choice and class practices : middle-class parents and their children
Children's wellbeing and quality of preventive and non-residential services : kindergarten teachers' viewpoint
Early childhood education and care partnership in Finland
Outsourcing in industry and in a municipal organisation
Work related challenges and Sherborne developmental movement -educational evening for Vehmaa day care personnel
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership. Parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area. : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations."
Growing up in groups : the Russian day care center and the Israeli kibbuz : two manuals on early child care
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Early childhood education and care in Finland
Working with the under-threes : training and professional development
Day-care facilities and services for children under the age of three in the European Community
Advances in early education and day care. Vol. 2.
Hugless Douglas goes to little school
Autobiography of Friedrich Froebel
Approaches to early childhood education
Toddler day care : a guide to responsive caregiving
Childcare service expansion in Chile and Mexico : for women or children or both?
Key data on early childhood education and care in Europe : Eurydice and Eurostat report
Behaviors of preschoolers and their teachers : little children draw big circles
Creating Physical Education Lessons for Family Childminders
IEA preprimary study in Finland. 2, The use of early childhood settings in Finland
Models of motherhood : welfare state policies and everyday practices: the Scandinavian experience
Employee's right to child-care leaves in Finland
Family day care in Germany - the gap between vision and reality
Supporting inclusion in the early years
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland
WELCOME multi-media learning pack : language training for childcare students from the UK working in the Netherlands
Today's child care, tomorrow's children!
Advances in early education and day care. Vol. 1.
Child care and early education : good practice to support young children and their families
Challenging racism in European childcare provision : report of a seminar held in Leeds, UK
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Featuring a new spiral binding, the updated ITERS-R offers more practical assistance in the form of additional notes for clarification and an Expanded Score Sheet, which incorporates notes and tables to assist in scoring. However, the items and indicators remain the same as in the original ITERS-R. Designed for use in center-based child care programs for infants and toddlers up to 30 months of age, the ITERS-R can be used by program directors for supervision and program improvement, by teaching staff for self-assessment, by agency staff for monitoring, and in teacher training programs. The established reliability and validity of the scale make it particularly useful for research and program evaluation. Convenient organization in seven subscales: Space and Furnishings; Personal Care Routines; Listening and Talking; Activities; Interaction; Program Structure; Parents and Staff.Each of the 39 items is expressed as a 7-point scale with indicators for 1 (inadequate), 3 (minimal), 5 (good), and 7 (excellent). Notes for clarification and questions are included for selected items.An introductory section gives detailed information about the rationale of the ITERS-R, the process of revision, and the reliability and validity of the scale. Full instructions for administration and scoring, as well as a Score Sheet and Profile that may be photocopied, are included with the scale.
Reinventing early care and education : a vision for a quality system
Service production : uneven development and local solutions in Swedich child care
Child and adult activities in day care : an international comparative study of 4-year-old children in Finland and China
Advances in early education and day care. Vol. 5, Perspectives on developmentally appropriate practice
Play assessment for group settings : validating a measurement tool for assessment of children's play performance in the day-care context
Role of Educators: Creating Emotional Safety at Day Centers
The success story of Finnish early childhood education
Three Williams-syndrome boys in ordinary daycare : case study of social integration
Friedrich Froebel (1782-1852) was a German educator who introduced the concept of kindergarten. This book is a collection of fifteen essays, originally published in German in 1861, on the value of different stages of a child's play. Froebel found an educational value in every phase of the child's play, and in every object that engages its attention. Froebel finds all that the child does significant and of educational importance. In fact, he is the great pioneer and founder of child study as well as of the pedagogic theory of intellectual values. This book, originally published in 1908, was translated and annotated by Emilie Michaelis, Head Mistress of the Croydon Kindergarten and Preparatory School, and H. Keatley Moore, Examiner in Music to the Froebel Society, and Vice-Chairman of the Croydon Kindergarten Company.
Prevention of infectious diseases in daycare
Daycare institutions and children's development
Language strategy for day care centres
Mother care/other care
Surviving accreditation : a QIAS ideas bank
Personalizing care with infants, toddlers and families
Leadership in early childhood education : cross-cultural perspectives
The autonomous state of childcare : policy and the policy process in Britain
How to handle hard-to-handle preschoolers : a guide for early childhood educators
People under three : young children in day care
Distributing leadership in a day care setting
Day care : problems, process, prospects
Seasonal and daily variation in physical activity among three-year-old Finnish preschool children
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
Infants, toddlers, and caregivers : a curriculum of respectful, responsive care and education
Essential skills for managers of child-centred settings
Child day care services and parents' satisfaction with them
The daycare handbook : a parents' guide to finding and keeping quality daycare in Canada
The politics of caring and the welfare state : the impact of the women's movement on child care policy in Canada and Finland, 1960-1990
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
The public daycare system in transition
Journal of Early Childhood Education Research
Freddie goes to playgroup
Narratives from the nursery : negotiating professional identities in early childhood
Welfare and health services in the Nordic countries : consumer choices
Planning and administrering early childhood programs
Good work with children grows in multiprofessional networks - from artifical quality to REAL quality
WELCOME multi-media learning pack : language training for childcare students from the UK working in Finland
Quality in early childhood services : an international perspective
Emergent literacy in kindergarten : a review of the research and related suggested activities and learning strategies
Children at home and in day care
After-school hours : a risk being alone?
Under three's - under engaged? : participation in early childhood education
Reconciling work and family in the nordic countries : tracing the values of national action plans for employment of Finland, Sweden and Denmark and Government Programs and King's Speeches of Norway
Autistic spectrum disorders in the early years
We are not babysitters : family childcare providers redefine work and care
Effects of child care on young children : forty years of research
Day care as growth environment
Childcare markets : can they deliver an equitable service?
Good practice in childcare
"This accessible and timely book builds upon and contributes to ongoing debates surrounding professionalism in the early years workforce. In a sector where policy is rapidly changing, Jayne Osgood challenges existing assumptions concerning professional identities and questions what broader lessons might be learnt about race, ethnicity, social class and gender in early years research and practice. This engaging text: Offers a thematic overview to the concept of professionalism in an increasingly critical area of study; Includes unique autobiographical contributions alongside new and compelling empirical evidence; Stimulates wider debates within a clear theoretical framework; Provides an in-depth examination of the individual views of early years practitioners. Addressing new debates and policies from a focussed academic perspective, Narratives from the Nursery provides inspirational and enlightening reading for practitioners, researchers, policy makers and students"-- Provided by publisher.
Forms of child care : report prepared by the Study Group of the 1986/1987 Co-ordinated Social Research Programme
Summary.
The very best of care and education : many ways to the Quality improvement & accreditation system
Who cares? : childminding in the 1990s
How to work with standards in the early childhood classroom
National profiles of the structural characteristics of preprimary settings in various nations
Childcare in the European Communities 1985-1990
Working with refugee families : study of co-operation between kindergarten teachers and refugee families : experiences from the Somalian perspective
IEA preprimary study in Finland. 3, How parents and teachers express their educational expectations for developing and teaching young children
Economic perspectives on child care
Assessing quality in the early years : early childhood environment rating scale : extension (ECERS-E), four curricular subscales
Infant mortality and working-class child care, 1850-1899
Physical characteristics of early childhood settings
Short behavioral consultation in day care: the effects on day care personnel's self evaluated competence, behavior of children with ADHD-symptoms and intervention acceptability
Pedagogics of the kindergarten : or, his ideas concerning the play and playthings of the child
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership : parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations"
Kindergarten : celebration of life for the child & adult
My child is in day care : information on the Finnish day care service for immigrant parents
New mothers at work : employment and childcare
Infant day care : the current debate
Child welfare services : a sourcebook
Nursing the surgical patient
Under five in Britain
Child care costs in labour supply models
Index for inclusion : developing play, learning and participation in early years and childcare
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
Lulu loves nursery : a sweet book about being a little bit brave
Working with under fives
The policy handbook : developing policies in child care
Staff - child interactions : a Vygotskian perspective
Power and emotion in infant-toddler day care
The role of the adult in early years settings
Starting Day Care in Espoo from the Viewpoint of Chinese Parents
Children and day nurseries : management and practice in nine London day nurseries
Early childhood education. Volume 1-4
Researching leadership in early childhood education
The construction of a new profession : a European perspective on professionalism in early childhood education and care
Infant/toddler environment rating scale
Transformation through integration : an activity theoretical analysis of school development as integration of child care institutions and the elementary school
Growing up in child care : a case for quality early education
Children need care : development of day care policy in France, the UK and Finland
Children in day care and family care in Sweden : a follow-up
Support and  collaboration at a Christian day care centre : parents' opinions
Women and child care in China : a firsthand report
Day care : scientific and sociale policy issues
Research proves that children attending daycare centers are twice as likely to become sick with an infectious disease than children who are cared for at home, with respiratory tract infections topping the list. The objectives of this thesis were to enhance the knowledge of the staff and parents of Lempäälä daycare on how children's infectious diseases are spread, the best way to prevent as well as the importance of open communication.    This thesis was implemented through an extensive literature review and interviews with local healthcare and daycare officials. It concentrated on practices that were being used at the time of publication by parents of sick children and daycare staff, and how these practices could be improved in the future to prevent large outbreaks of infectious diseases.     An educational event on the topic was created for and presented to the Lempäälä daycare system. The feedback received suggested that the audience benefitted from the information provided.    Prevention is an easy and economical way to stop the spread of infectious diseases. Open communication between parents and staff, symptoms management, safe food handling as well as thorough and faithful hand hygiene go a long way to preventing outbreaks of infectious diseases.             Keywords: daycare, infectious diseases, prevention, hand hygiene, communication.
