http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p352 sciences (branches of science)
sciences (branches of science)
Socialism and science
Zoology in the Middle East
Stimulated and natural patterns of bioluminescence in the dinoflagellate Alexandrium ostenfeldii
Guide to nontraditional careers in science
The legacy of Greece
Science and the renaissance. 1, An introduction to the study of the emergence of the sciences in the sixteenth century
International journal of scientific research
A treasury of science
Power, knowledge, and expertise in Elizabethan England
The scientific Sherlock Holmes : cracking the case with science and forensics
Human reliability analysis methods for probabilistic safety assessment
Arts, sciences and economics : a historical safari
Applying the humanities
The public nature of science under assault : politics, markets, science and the law
Humanities - essential research for Europe
Reflections on humanities studies
Ancient China's technology and science
Harmonic measures
Bulletin of the Museum of Comparative Zoology
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 18, Index
Ancient Greek thought is the essential wellspring from which the intellectual, ethical, and political civilization of the West draws and to which, even today, we repeatedly return. In this volume drawn from the reference work Greek Thought: A Guide to Classical Knowledge, major scholars take up basic topics in philosophy and science, offering an account of the extraordinary explosion of desire for knowledge in the classical Greek world.
The marriage of sense and soul : integrating science and religion
Science communication, as a multidisciplinary field, has developed remarkably in recent years. It is now a distinct and exceedingly dynamic science that melds theoretical approaches with practical experience. Formerly well-established theoretical models now seem out of step with the social reality of the sciences, and the previously clear-cut delineations and interacting domains between cultural fields have blurred. Communicating Science in Social Contexts examines that shift, which itself depicts a profound recomposition of knowledge fields, activities and dissemination practices, and the val.
Daily life in ancient Mesopotamia
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
The teaching of science in primary schools
Proust was a neuroscientist
Fabrication of free-standing piezoelectric nanostructures for thermal transport studies
Science in Scandinavia: a case for reappraisal
The origins of modern philosophy of science 1830-1914. Popular lectures on scientific subjects
On the road : social aspects of commuting long distances to work
Stalin and the scientists : a history of triumph and tragedy 1905-1953
Reflections on XXth century sciences : international symposium : Brussels, April 16, 17, 18, 1999.
Metaphorical circuit : negotiations between literature and science in twentieth-century Japan
God is dead. Volume one
English men of science : their nature and nurture
The Yale conference on Baltic and Scandinavian studies : 13th-15th March 2014, New Haven, Connecticut, U.S.A
Botanica Serbica : official journal of the Institute of Botany and Botanical Garden "Jevremovac", University of Belgrade
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 4, Comp - Dar
Discussion papers
Science studies : an interdisciplinary journal for science and technology studies
Scientific progress : a study concerning the nature of the relation between successive scientific theories
The super-intelligent, high-tech robot book
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 5, part 2, Humanities 1980-82
European Economics Letters
Urban residential forests in regulating throughfall and potential stormwater runoff : case study of Raleigh
Science encyclopedia
Comparative and international research in education : globalisation, context and difference
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 8, Imp - Lip
The hedgehog, the fox, and the magister's pox : mending the gap between science and the humanities
God is dead. Volume three
Geophysica
Communicating science in social contexts : new models, new practices
How to solve mathematical problems
Science : a children's encyclopedia
NORDINFO : The Nordic Council for Scientific Information : evalution 1998 : evalution report
Effective technical writing and publication techniques : a guide for technical writers, engineers and technical communicators
Dictionary of science
Introduction to the human sciences : an attempt to lay a foundation for the study of society and history
Esipuhe = Preface
The sciences : an integrated approach
Summary (s. 9-11).
Timss and pirls 2011 : relationships among reading, mathematics, and science achievement at the fourth grade - implications for early learning
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
Taxonomic Literature II : (TL-2)
"For the past several years the scientific press has been filled with headlines of the overproduction of Ph.D.s and growing unemployment and underemployment of researchers. Packed with practical advice and stories from dozens of scientists and professionals, this guidebook aids the reader in evaluating and finding career opportunities in nonacademic research fields." "By demonstrating to the reader that choices are available, this resource provides many examples of fields (e.g., publishing, law, public policy, and business) in which people use their scientific training to nurture a satisfying professional life. Yet it also acknowledges that there are trade-offs involved with any veer from the traditional path. Resource lists tailored to science, along with close to 100 one-on-one interviews with people who have taken various career paths, add to the book's strengths."--BOOK JACKET.
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 10, Mete - Nond
"This social science dictionary has 1000 entries covering the disciplines of sociology, criminology, political science and women's study with a commitment to Canadian examples and events and names."--Kotisivu.
Aristotle and contemporary science. Vol. 2
The conversion of vegetated land cover to impervious surfaces has made stormwater runoff into a major hydrological concern due to its capacity to deteriorate water quality and stream health in cities. Urban forests are capable of reducing the amount of potential stormwater runoff by regulating throughfall via canopy rainfall interception. The lack of stand-scale studies of urban throughfall hinders realistic estimates of the benefits of urban trees for stormwater regulation. Urban forests are extremely variable with regard to canopy cover and species composition and are to a large extent managed by private residents with varying landscape preferences. To quantify the amount of rainfall interception by vegetation in an urban forest we measured throughfall in Raleigh, North Carolina, USA between July and November 2010. We further analyzed 16 residential yards with varying levels of canopy cover to evaluate the relative importance of different descriptive measures of vegetation in influencing throughfall in an urban watershed. Throughfall comprised 89.7 % (StdErr=0.005) of gross precipitation in the study area. Canopy cover (p<0.0001) and the percentage of coniferous trees (p=0.0305) were the most influential vegetation variables explaining throughfall whereas leaf area index (LAI) was not found to be significant. Throughfall varied significantly among yards (p<0.0001) ranging from 84.0 % (80.2 % canopy cover) to 98.2 % (60.3 % canopy cover). Differences in vegetation between front and backyards resulted in 3.1 % less throughfall in backyards. Thus, residents' management choices at yard-level affect the amount of throughfall reduced at the landscape scale.
Journal of Zhejiang University. Science
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 6, Elm - Fun
Founders of Western Indology : August Wilhelm Von Schlegel and Henry Thomas Colebrooke in correspondence 1820-1837
New approaches in the urban humanities
Do you still think you're clever? : the Oxford and Cambridge questions
Science and civilisation in China. Vol. 4, pt. 1, Physics and physical technology, pt. 1 : Physics
Journal of Postcolonial Writing
Practical reliability engineering
Planning for people in museum exhibitions
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 14, pt. 2, Humanities 2001-02
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 9, Liq - Meta
Counter-movements in the sciences : the sociology of the alternatives to big science
What engineering scientists know and how they know it : towards understanding the philosophy of engineering science in Finland
The Greek pursuit of knowledge
Aristotle and contemporary science. Vol. 1
Production and purification of recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor D
Turkish journal of botany : Türk botanik dergisi
Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society
MSAS'2002 : actes du deuxième Symposium Malien sur les Sciences Appliquées = proceedings of the second Mali Symposium on Applied Sciences : Université de Bamako, Mali July/Juillet, 8-12, 2002
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 3, Ce - Comm
Seventeenth century science and the arts
Women's history as scientists : a guide to the debates
What if? : serious scientific answers to absurd hypothetical questions
Galileo : man of science
Rethinking engineering education : the CDIO approach
Help your kids with science : a unique step-by-step visual guide
A survey of Islamic astronomical tables
International journal of sino-western studies
Engineering innovative products : a practical experience
History of civilizations of Central Asia. Volume 4, The age of achievement : A.D. 750 to the end of fifteenth century. Part 2, The achievements
Visualization of fields and applications in engineering
Baltic Sea underwater soundscape : weather and ship induced sounds and the effect of shipping on harbor porpoise (Phocoena phocoena) activity
Ornis Fennica
The properties of market-based and survey forecasts for different data releases
Adverse selection in dynamic matching markets
Science : a discovery In comics
A compendium of spherical astronomy : with its applications to the determination and reduction of positions of the fixed stars
Social work and science - an uneasy relationship? : Contributions on the occasion of the conference on "Social work in scientific debates", Lille March 12 - 14, 2007
Study companions : word list = eraybixinta : science = saynis : English-Somali, soomaali-ingiriis
Consumer perceptions of children's furniture in Shanghai and Shenzhen, China
Technical writing 101 : a real-world guide to planning and writing technical content
Free radicals : the secret anarchy of science
Can you feel the force?
Usborne first illustrated science dictionary
Encounter with mathematics
Studies on PKCI, a putative CDK7 interacting growth inhibitor
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
Naturalistic and existential realms of place in Roseau, Dominica
A place to discover : teaching science and technology with museums
Influences : art, optics, and astrology in the Italian Renaissance
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 13, pt. 2, Humanities 1999-2000
Smithsonian contributions to botany
Current practice in forensic medicine
Science and the renaissance. Vol. 1, An introduction to the study of the emergence of the sciences in the sixteenth century
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of first year college mathematics
From the Dark Ages to the Renaissance : 700-1599AD
Isotopic tracers and the fate of dissolved carbon in natural and artificial water systems
Teaching with purpose : closing the research-practice gap
Science and the boundaries of knowledge : the prologue of our cultural past : final report
History of science and technology
Deep groundwater evolution at Outokumpu, Eastern Finland : from meteoric water to Saline Gas-Rich Fluid
Spatial and temporal patterns of microbial communities in the sediments of the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
Key drivers of stream water quality along an urban-rural transition : a watershed-scale perspective
"Agent-based modeling is a new technique for understanding how the dynamics of biological, social, and other complex systems arise from the characteristics and behaviors of the agents making up these systems. This innovative textbook gives students and scientists the skills to design, implement, and analyze agent-based models. It starts with the fundamentals of modeling and provides an introduction to NetLogo, an easy-to-use, free, and powerful software platform. Nine chapters then each introduce an important modeling concept and show how to implement it using NetLogo. The book goes on to present strategies for finding the right level of model complexity and developing theory for agent behavior, and for analyzing and learning from models. Agent-Based and Individual-Based Modeling features concise and accessible text, numerous examples, and exercises using small but scientific models. The emphasis throughout is on analysis--such as software testing, theory development, robustness analysis, and understanding full models--and on design issues like optimizing model structure and finding good parameter values. - The first hands-on introduction to agent-based modeling, from conceptual design to computer implementation to parameterization and analysis. - Filled with examples and exercises, with updates and supplementary materials at www.railsback-grimm-abm-book.com. - Designed for students and researchers across the biological and social sciences. - Written by leading practitioners."
Transgressing boundaries : new directions in the study of culture in Africa
Scholarship and technology in the humanities : proceedings of a conference held at Elvetham Hall, Hampshire, UK, 9th-12th May 1990
Formalized mathematics
Research in Estonia : present and future
Groundwater vulnerability of a shallow low-lying coastal aquifer in southern Finland under climate change
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 13, Plas - Q
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 7, Fus - Ima
An introduction to the history of mathematics
13 things that don't make sense : the most intriguing scientific mysteries of our time
Brain food
The lady and her monsters : a tale of dissections, real-life Dr. Frankenteins, and the creation of Mary Shelley's masterpiece
The secret anarchy of science
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 5, Dat - Elec
Electronic capital : economic and social geographies of digitalization
Temenos : studies in comparative religion presented by scholars in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
How to solve problems : elements of a theory of problems and problem solving
Science and the renaissance. 2, An annotated bibliography of the sixteenth-century books relating to the sciences in the library of the University of Aberdeen
The impact of science on society
Fact and fiction : literary and scientific cultures in Germany and Britain
The Routledge companion to literature and science
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology
Supplement to Calculus
Musicæ scientiæ : the journal of the European Society for the Cognitive Sciences of Music
Proceedings of Peerage of Science
Additional incipits of mediaeval scientific writings in Latin
Internationalisation of Finnish scientific research
Electromagnetic geotomographic research on attenuating material using the middle radio frequency band
Transactions of the American Philosophical Society
13 things that don't make sense : the most baffling scientific mysteries of our time
Eureka! : the most amazing scientific discoveries of all time
Census of the exact sciences in Sanskrit : series A. Vol. 3
Daedalus : journal of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Tests for cointegration rank and the initial condition
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 11, part 2, Humanities 1995-96
Scientific Research and Social Needs
Aerial photography in anthropological field research
Relative validity of an interactive 24-hour recall to assess the intake of energy and nutrients among 15-month old Malawian children
Conceptual profiles : a theory of teaching and learning scientific concepts
Education and Its Discontents: Teaching, the Humanities, and the Importance of a Liberal Education in the Age of Mass Information, by Mark Moss, is an exploration of how the traditional educational environment, particularly in the post-secondary world, is changing as a consequence of the influx of new technology. Students come to the classroom or lecture hall expecting to have their habits and tastes, gleaned from the online world, replicated in an Educational environment. Faculty who do not adapt face enormous obstacles, and faculty that do adapt run the risk of eroding the integrity of what they have been trained to teach. Students now have access to myriad of technologies that instead of supplementing the educational process, have actually taken it over. Issues that run from plagiarism to the erosion of the humanities are now rampant concerns in the post secondary world. Behavior issues, YouTube videos, cell phones, and the incessant clicking of the computer keys are just a few of the technologies altering the educational landscape. Moss discusses that it is now not only how we learn, but what we continue to teach, and how that enormously important legacy is protected. Education and Its Discontents: Teaching, the Humanities, and the Importance of a Liberal Education in the Age of Mass Information, by Mark Moss, argues that education has changed and the supremacy of the book and the lecture is now open for debate. What has been gained over the last five hundred years is now susceptible to the vagaries of technology, which compel us to question their continuing relevance.
Percolation : Inference and applications in hydrology
It's elementary!
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 11, None - Ore
Education and science
Agent-based and individual-based modeling : a practical introduction
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 15, Sei - Sta
Mathematical thought from ancient to modern times
The spirit of science : from experiment to experience
Finnish economic papers
Structures of scientific collaboration
Journal of legal studies
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 4, part 2, Humanities 1978-79
Natural science report of the Ochanomizu University
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 12, Org - Plan
Parameter estimation by transform methods : with applications in science and engineering
Beyond science : the wider human context
Observation in modern astronomy
Census of the exact sciences in Sanskrit : series A. Volume 4
The Merck manual of medical information
Modeling gas transfer coefficient in a boreal lake on the basis of eddy covariance measurements using CO2 as a tracer
Methods for transdisciplinary research : a primer for practice
Utilising student profiles in mathematics course arrangements
International journal of circumpolar health
Characteristics of Finnish medical and engineering research group work
Painting the volcanic landscape of early Fennoscandia : geochronology of the Meso- and Neoarchaean Suomussalmi-Kuhmo-Tipasjärvi greenstone complex, Karelia Province, Finland
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
Science in History. Volume 4, The Social Sciences: Conclusion
God is dead. Volume two
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 10, part 2, Humanities 1993-94
Muses and measures : empirical research methods for the humanities
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 14, R - Sed
Fractals in engineering : from theory to industrial applications
This explains everything : deep, beautiful and elegant theories of how the world works
Smithsonian contributions to zoology
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 16, Ste - To
The object of study in the humanities : proceedings from the seminar at the University of Copenhagen, September 2001
Science and civilisation in China. Vol. 4, pt. 2, Physics and physical technology, pt. 2: Mechanical engineering
Ohio journal of science
Smallpox, Syphilis and salvation : medical breakthroughs that changed the world
Dissertations 1998 : summaries
Critical problems in the history of science
Erwin Schrödinger and the quantum revolution
Chasing phenomena : studies on classification and conceptual change in the social and behavioral sciences
DK online science encyclopedia
Online dictionary of the social sciences
Palaeoenvironments of the Pliopithecoid primates : new evidence from the middle Miocene locality Damiao, Inner Mongolia, China
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 1, A - An
Do try this at home! : 28 spectacular experiments for scientists of all ages
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 2, Ap - Ca
Von Neumann-Morgenstern stable sets and the non-cooperative solution to the bargaining problem
Basics of cladistic analysis
Task uncertainty and the organisation of scientific fields
Encyclopedia of physical science and technology : an encyclopedic reference complete in eighteen volumes. 17, Tr - Z
European Journal for Young Scientists and Engineers
Bacterial composition in Rotating Bed Biofilm Reactors treated with Municipal Wastewater enriched with bisphenol-A and HHCB
Education and its discontents : teaching, the humanities, and the importance of a liberal in the age of mass communication
Science of everything : how things work in our world from cell phones, soap bubbles &​ vaccines to GPS, x-rays and submarines
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Science and the renaissance. Vol. 2, An annotated bibliography of the sixteenth-century books relating to the sciences in the library of the University of Aberdeen
Probability and statistics for engineers and scientists
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 3, part 2, Humanities 1976-77
Hitotsubashi journal of arts and sciences
Determination of tip profile for atomic force microscopy
New scientist : Espoo
The social science encyclopedia
