http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3537 book reviews
book reviews
Book Review: Sustainable Innovation : A New Age of Innovation and Finland's Innovation Policy by Hautamäki A.
The total library : non-fiction 1922-1986
Book review: Taking ICT to Every Indian Village : Opportunities and Challenges by Atanu Garai & B. Shadrach
Reviews. 3
[Review]
Partial Differential Equations in Classical Mathematical Physics
A Book Review: Colin B. Harvey – Fantastic Transmedia: Narrative, Play and Memory Across Science Fiction and Fantasy Storyworlds
Buddhism, the Internet, and Digital Media : The Pixel in the Lotus
Literary criticism : a practical guide for students
Curious pursuits : occasional writing
The first complete scientific grammar of Skolt Saami in English
Book review: Kalaja, P., F. Barcelos, A. M., Aro, M., & Ruohotie-Lyhty, M. (2016). Beliefs, Agency and Identity in Foreign Language Learning and Teaching.
Study of present day folk poetry
Northern European prehistory, from below
Legal linguistics
Landscape : photographs of time and place / Minna Törmä
Culture, suicide, and the human condition
Book review : The Blackwell Guide to Research. Edited by Wei, L., & Moyer, M. G.
Book review : Migration and tourism - formation of new social classes
A Traveller's Guide to the Methodology of Cultural Research
The naked linguist
Germanic loanwords in Proto-Slavic
Healtcare ethics and human values : an introductory text with readings and case studies
Book Review: Reframing Organizations: Artistry, Choice, and Leadership
New views on shamanism
Anton D. Rudokvas: Disputed questions of the theory on acquisitive prescription : [book review]
Some thoughts on Tungusic ethnolinguistics
Feminist Europa : review of books
'By their acts you shall know them...' (and not by their legal theories)
Mythology as a key to historical ways of thinking
Art and its institutions : current conflicts, critique and collaborations / Frans Josef Petersson
Book Review: Ethics and the Business of Biomedicine
From the seeds of rediscovered texts come new fields of inquiry
Crisscross around the world
Dynamics of ethnicity in Tanzania
The fiction of reality
The evolution of religion
Reviews. 2
New York review of books : e-lehti
Defining Islam : a reader
Irruptive discourse and conflicted curiosity
Mixed requests and hospitable responses : writings about gender, art and beyond
A Review of Wight, Jonathan B.: 2002. Saving Adam Smith: A Tale of Wealth, Transformation, and Virtue.
Localizing modernity and reconstructing social theory
Reviews. 5
A short guide to writing about literature
Freemasonry in Ulster, 1733-1813 : (Ph.D. thesis, Trinity College, Dublin, 1999)
Journal of economic abstracts
The physical geography of northern Eurasia : (Oxford regional environments series)
Booknotes
Children's and youth books which received recognition 2010 - 2011
Disability in the 18th Century
Nemzetközi marketing : book review of Rekettye G., Fojtik J. (2003) Nemzetközi marketing (International marketing), Dialóg Campus Kiadó, Budapest-Pécs, May 2004
A chrestomathy of the Nganasan language
Mixed requests and hospitable responses : [Devil-may-care] / Hanna Johansson
Genuine and confused information about Central Siberian languages
A hybrid perspective between worlds
In the shadow of Lauri Honko
Masten, Ann S., Liebkind, Karmela and Hernandez, Donald  J. (eds.) (2012) Realizing the potential of immigrant youth, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 445 pp
Riddles of Finnish gender history
Translation and literature
The critical Muse : selected literary criticism
An old Selkup wordlist made into a modern Selkup dictionary
Karen Green and Constant J. Mews, eds., Virtue Ethics for Women 1250 1500.
Northern European prehistory, from above
The Times literary supplement
Demos - a sub-genre of media art : [Demoscene : the art of real-time] / review by Perttu Rastas
The Uralic languages in a South  European context
Windows into other worlds
Expletives deleted : selected writings
Book reviews : gender boundaries : [heterotehdas : televisiomainonta sukupuolituotantona] / Antu Sorainen
Bookforum : the book review for art, fiction & culture
