http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3532 imaging
imaging
Combined ultra-low-field MRI and MEG: instrumentation and applications
Diaphragmography during forced inspiration and expiration
Fundamental Mathematics and Physics of Medical Imaging
Unmixing methods in novel applications of spectral imaging
Presented by an international team of experts, the new edition of Diagnostic Imaging: Gynecology features an exhaustive collection of imaging findings in gynecologic diseases. It pairs state-of-the-art images with extensive correlative imaging between ultrasound, sonohysterography, hysterosalpingography, MR, PET/CT, and gross specimens, while a dedicated Techniques section is designed to help optimize imaging protocols and enhance diagnostic specificity.
Decision forests for computer vision and medical image analysis
Characterization of synchrotron radiation based functional lung imaging
Physical image quality in digital radiography : comparison of   three types of flat-panel detectors within the same imaging   system
The art and science of HDR imaging
Advances in imaging and electron physics. Volume 162
Consumer neuroscience : usability of brain imaging methods in marketing research
Practical diagnostic ultrasound in cattle
A direct microlens array imaging system for microscopy
Diagnostic imaging. Genitourinary
Journal of medical screening
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positions and radiologic procedures
Radiation doses and scattering in facial area cone beam computed tomography examinations
Measurement of optical second-harmonic generation from an individual single-walled carbon nanotube
Medical imaging : principles and practices
MRI at a glance
Echo made easy
Estimation of mechanical properties of articular cartilage with MRI - dGEMRIC, T2 and T1 imaging in different species with variable stages of maturation
Regularization methods for diffuse optical tomography
Neutron activation-based gamma scintigraphic imaging and scintigraphy-based pharmacokinetic modelling of per oral controlled release drug delivery
Positioning in radiography
Handbook of MRI technique
New efficient detector for radiation therapy imaging using gas electron multipliers
Delineation of brain structures from functional positron emission tomography images
Diagnostic ultrasound imaging : inside out
Multimodal biomedical measurement methods to study brain functions simultaneously with functional magnetic resonance imaging
Image reconstruction in three-dimensional electrical impedance tomography
Head and neck imaging / Vol. 2
Pediatric imaging essentials : radiography, ultrasound, CT, and MRI in neonates and children
Defining digital architecture : 2001 Far East international digital architectural design award
A practical guide to fetal echocardiography : normal and abnormal hearts
Use of diffusion-weighted MRI in ischemic stroke
Imaging life : biological systems from atoms to tissues
Atlas of radiologic anatomy
Pocket clinical guide for Radiographic image production and manipulation
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Data analysis for database design
Algorithmic analysis techniques for molecular imaging
Geophysical borehole logging and optical imaging of the pilot hole ONK-PH2
Medical infrared imaging : principles and practices
Attosecond nanophysics : from basic science to applications
Vectorcardiographic studies in newborn infants
￼￼Update for X-Ray Beam Profile Monitor – Motherboard and Firmware
Method evaluations in spatial exploratory analyses of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data
Caffey's pediatric diagnostic imaging. Vol. 1
Biomagnetic fields : measurements and analysis
CT teaching manual
Competencies in dental imaging : systematic literature review
Radiographic positioning and procedures : a comprehensive approach
Physics and biology : from molecules to life
A wide spectral range imaging system : applications in wood industry
Radiology illustrated. Gynecologic imaging
Systemic transplantation of bone marrow stromal cells:an experimental animal study of biodistribution and tissue targeting
Data-driven analysis for natural studies in functional brain imaging
Blender for dummies
In recent years, the advent of MRI technology seems to have unlocked the secrets of the human mind, revealing the sources of our deepest desires, intentions, and fears. In this book, the authors argue that the explanatory power of brain scans in particular and neuroscience more generally has been vastly overestimated. Although acknowledging its tremendous potential, they believe that the overzealous application of the burgeoning field of brain science has put innocent people in jail, prevented addicts from healing themselves, and undermined notions of free will and responsibility
Painful shoulder joint in rheumatoid arthritis : a clinical and radiological study of 200 cases, with special reference to arthrography of the glenohumeral joint
Functional neuroimaging in exercise and sport sciences
Si, CdTe and CdZnTe radiation detectors for imaging applications
Applications of sweep imaging with Fourier transformation (SWIFT) : imaging brain microstructure and calcifications
Imaging for students
MRI guide for technologists : a step by step approach
Imaging atlas of human anatomy
Joint imaging in childhood and adolescence
Magnetic resonance image segmentation and signal analysis for medical applications
An overview to the many types of modern biological image analysis.
Quality control methods for magnetic resonance imaging in a multi-unit medical imaging organization
A Better mousetrap is not always enough : an exploration into the factors behind slow adoption and delayed takeoff of a diagnostic imaging technology
Learning and recognizing texture characteristics using local binary patterns
Students producing learning material in an international project
Image super-resolution and applications
Image processing methods for limited angle tomography and sparse angle tomography
Radiographic pathology for technologist
Models and methods for geometric computer vision
Acoustic properties of articular cartilage : effect of composition, structure and mechanical loading : Heikki Nieminen
Fundamentals of digital imaging
Novel approaches to image reconstruction in diffusion tomography
Radiographic imaging : a practical approach
Quantitative ultrasound imaging detects degenerative changes in articular cartilage surface and subchondral bone
Radar target classification by micro-Doppler contributions
Contrast enhanced computed tomography of articular cartilage : laboratory investigations on contrast agent molecular mass, charge, concentration and diffusion anisotropy
Skeletal and neuroradiological findings related to Unverricht-Lundborg disease (EPM1)
Written at the technologist level, this book focuses on instruments essential to the practice of nuclear medicine. Covering everything from Geiger counters to positron emission tomography systems, this text provides students with an understanding of the practical aspects of these instruments and their uses in nuclear medicine.
Multimodal applications of functional near-infrared spectroscopy
Overview: Learn to produce the most accurate radiographic images on the first try with Radiographic Image Analysis, 4th Edition. This thoroughly updated guide walks you through the steps of how to carefully evaluate an image, how to identify the improper positioning or technique that caused a poor image, and how to correct the problem. For each procedure, there is a diagnostic-quality radiograph along with several examples of unacceptable radiographs, a complete list of radiographic evaluation guidelines, and detailed discussions on how each of the evaluation points is related to positioning and technique. Each unacceptable radiograph is accompanied by a description of the misaligned anatomical structures, how the patient was mis-positioned, and how to adjust technique to obtain an acceptable radiograph. Poorly positioned example images appear at the end of procedures to test your knowledge. Spotlights concepts boxes highlight the most important information as it appears in the chapters and directs readers to more information on these topics. Chapter objectives, key terms, and outlines help in mastering important concepts and information. NEW! Expanded sections on pediatric, obesity, and trauma digital radiography provides the most pertinent and up-to-date information needed for clinical success.
Brain atrophy in mild cognitive impairment : MRI volumetric and voxel-based method study
Image databases in medical applications
Radiography
Single photon detection based devices and techniques for pulsed time-of-flight applications
Virtual reality and the built environment
Arthroscopic ultrasound imaging of articular cartilage
Diagnostic medical exposures : advice on exposure to ionising radiation during pregnancy
Caffey's pediatric diagnostic imaging. Vol. 2
High performance visualization : enabling extreme-scale scientific insight
Patient information in radiological examinations : the   research and development process
Teaching atlas of mammography
Optical coherence tomography of strongly scattering media
Perinatal brain damage in very preterm infants:prenatal inflammation and neurologic outcome in children born term and preterm
Radiographic imaging & exposure
Biodistribution studies in small animal models using pre-clinical SPECT/CT imaging
It is now possible to witness human brain activity while we are talking, reading, or thinking, thanks to revolutionary neuroimaging techniques like magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). These groundbreaking advances have opened infinite fields of investigation--into such areas as musical perception, brain development in utero, and faulty brain connections leading to psychiatric disorders--and have raised unprecedented ethical issues. In Looking Inside the Brain, one of the leading pioneers of the field, Denis Le Bihan, offers an engaging account of the sophisticated interdisciplinary research in physics, neuroscience, and medicine that have led to the remarkable neuroimaging methods that give us a detailed look into the human brain. Introducing neurological anatomy and physiology, Le Bihan walks readers through the historical evolution of imaging technology--from the X-ray and CT scan to the PET scan and MRI--and he explains how neuroimaging uncovers afflictions like stroke or cancer and the workings of higher-order brain activities, such as language skills. Le Bihan also takes readers on a behind-the-scenes journey through NeuroSpin, his state-of-the-art neuroimaging laboratory, and goes over the cutting-edge scanning devices currently being developed. Considering what we see when we look at brain images, Le Bihan weighs what might be revealed about our thoughts and unconscious, and discusses how far this technology might go in the future. Beautifully illustrated in color, Looking Inside the Brain presents the trailblazing story of the scanning techniques that provide keys to previously unimagined knowledge of our brains and our selves. – WorldCat.
An introduction to radiography
Optical imaging devices : new technologies and applications
Cranex Tome & Digora PCT
Diagnostic breast imaging : mammography, sonography, magnetic resonance imaging, and interventional procedures
Evidence based clinical practice in cooperation with the staff and radiographer students
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Radiographic techniques and image evaluation
Nuclear medicine instrumentation
Merrill's pocket guide to radiography
Dose optimization in imaging of young scoliosis patients
Infrared thermography in the evaluation of skin temperature : applications in musculoskeletal conditions
Radiological signs in newborns exposed to primary toxoplasma infection in utero
StudyWare to accompany Radiographic positioning & procedures : a comprehensive approach
Pocket manual for Radiographic anatomy & positioning
Mathematical methods in image reconstruction
Clinical anatomy cases : an integrated approach with physical examination and medical imaging
Developing Correlative Optical-Photoacoustic microscopy for high-resolution in vivo imaging
3d imaging, analysis and applications
Anatomy for diagnostic imaging
"Encompassing the entire spectrum of breast imaging and diagnostics, this acclaimed text provides a systematic and pragmatic guide for all clinicians involved in diagnosing breast disease. The new third edition has been fully updated to include advances in mammography, ultrasound, breast MRI, percutaneous interventions, and emerging technologies, with pros and cons and evidence-based approaches throughout. Special features of the third edition: Coverage of the field, with comprehensive sections on examination procedures and technical requirements; histologic, clinical, and radiologic appearance of a wide range of breast pathologies; results of international screening studies; and much more. Nearly 1,200 clear radiographic images showing normal findings, benign and malignant disorders, and post-traumatic, post-surgical, and post-therapeutic changes to the breast. Innovations in digital mammography, tomosynthesis, and computer assisted detection (CAD); new chapters on imaging of implants, lesions of uncertain malignant potential, developing technologies; and more. A systematic, highly reproducible methodology for detection, diagnosis, and assessment of findings. Easy-to-follow flowcharts for the diagnostic work-up of both typical and atypical cases. Written by world-renowned authorities with decades of clinical experience, this book provides a brilliant orientation to the multimodality diagnostic approach and therapeutic significance of breast imaging findings. It is an essential reference and board review for radiologists, residents and fellows, gynecologists, oncologists, surgeons, technologists, and any other interdisciplinary specialist working to improve outcomes in breast disease"--Provided by publisher.
Synergy News
Duration of untreated psychosis:association with clinical and social outcomes and brain morphology in schizophrenia
Non-linear difference imaging approach to electrical impedance tomography
Fundamentals of sectional anatomy : an imaging approach
Digital imaging for cultural heritage preservation : analysis, restoration, and reconstruction of ancient artworks
Image reconstruction with error modelling in diffuse optical tomography
Neuroimaging of depression using single-photon emission computerized tomography
ACR BI-RADS® Atlas : breast imaging reporting and data system
Three Dimensional Interactive Dental Charting
Doses to newborns in chest x-ray examination in PICU
Magnetic resonance imaging of Unverricht-Lundborg disease (EPM1)
Step-by-step ultrasound in obstetrics
Intraoperative imaging guided delineation and localization of regions of surgical interest:feasibility study
Trauma radiology companion : methods, guidelines, and imaging fundamentals
Effective dose calculation : tool for dose optimization
Functional human neuroimaging using clinical tools : studies of cortical motor areas
Partially coherent beam shaping and imaging
Introduction to radiologic & imaging sciences & patient care
Residual stones after percutaneous nephrolithotomy : sensitivities of different imaging methods in renal stone detection
Immobilization of children in pediatric radiography
Structural studies from nanoscale to macroscale with x-ray microtomography and microbeam scattering
Human brain mapping using structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation
Paleoimaging : field applications for cultural remains and artifacts
"Preface Paintings, frescos, antique photographic prints, incunabulas, old books, handwritten documents, sculptures, ceramic fragments and other ancient manufacts constitute the elements of an extremely valuable and immense historical patrimony. Their digitalization opens up the possibility to use various image processing and analysis and Computer Graphics techniques to preserve this Cultural Heritage for future generations. Digital imaging solutions can be used to generate virtually restored versions of the original artworks to be presented in online museums and/or for further development of historical studies. Application of various feature extraction and image data analysis techniques is useful to address problems of authorship and artwork style categorization in the history of arts. Three-dimensional reconstruction of ancient artworks or entire archeological sites allows the creation of multidimensional models that incorporate information coming from excavations, archaeological knowhow and heterogeneous historical sources. Pioneer work in this area has sprung from the close, but too often occasional, cooperation of scientists with historians and archaeologists"--Provided by publisher.
Seeing speech : a quick guide to speech sounds
"Lippincott's Primary Care Musculoskeletal Radiology helps family practitioners, internists, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants identify and diagnose patient injuries based on the radiologic findings that are most seen in the office setting. The book emphasizes what tests to order when and shows side by side images of what is normal and what is abnormal. Each chapter follows a consistent format: Clinical Presentation, Mechanism of Injury, Patient Assessment, What to Order, Not to Be Missed, Radiographic Evaluation, Treatment, and When to Refer. An anatomical wall chart for the office is also included. A companion website includes fully searchable text, an image bank, and patient education handouts"--Provided by publisher.
Computed tomography and single-photon emission computed tomography as diagnostic tools in acquired brain injury among children and adolescents
Fundamentals of diagnostic radiology. Vol. 3
Developing bioimage informatics : form microscopy to software solutions : with α2β1 integrin as a case study
Practical radiological anatomy
Fundamentals of diagnostic radiology. Vol. 1
Brain connectivity analysis with EEG
Novel quantitative methods for the diagnosis of cartilage degeneration
"This book explores new ideas, concepts, and technologies such as dynamic thermal imaging, thermal texture mapping, and thermal multispectral imaging commonly used in the clinical environment. The coverage ranges from historical background, concepts, clinical applications, standards, and infrared technology. Of interest to the medical and biomedical engineering communities, the book can provide many opportunities for developing and conducting multidisciplinary research in many areas of medical infrared imaging"--Provided by publisher.
"This edition presents the most prominent topics and applications of digital image processing, analysis, and computer graphics in the field of cultural heritage preservation. The text assumes prior knowledge of digital image processing and computer graphics fundamentals. Each chapter contains a table of contents, illustrations, and figures that elucidate the presented concepts in detail, as well as a chapter summary and a bibliography for further reading. Well-known experts cover a wide range of topics and related applications, including spectral imaging, automated restoration, computational reconstruction, digital reproduction, and 3D models"--Provided by publisher.
Principles of radiographic positioning and procedures pocket guide
HyperBrain
Optical coherence tomography of articular cartilage : towards quantitative arthroscopic application
"Preface We know what you are asking yourself. There are a lot of books available in image processing so what is novel in this book?' We can summarize the answer with the following points 1. This book is devoted to the issue of obtaining high-resolution images from single or multiple low-resolution images. 2. You always see different algorithms for image interpolation and super-resolution without a common thread between the two processes. This book presents interpolation as a building block in the super-resolution reconstruction process. 3. You see research papers on image interpolation either as a polynomial-based problem or an inverse problem without a comparison of the two trends. This book presents this comparison. 4. Two chapters are devoted to two complementary steps that are used to obtain high-resolution images. These steps are image registration and image fusion. 5. This book presents two directions for image super-resolution; super-resolution with a priori information and blind super-resolution. 6. This book presents applications for image interpolation and super-resolution in medical and satellite image processing. 7. MATLABʼ codes for most of the simulation experiments discussed in this book are included in Appendix D at the end of the book. Finally, we hope that this book will be helpful for the image processing community. MATLABʼ is a registered trademark of The MathWorks, Inc. For product information, please contact: The MathWorks, Inc. 3 Apple Hill Drive Natick, MA 01760-2098 USA Tel: 508-647-7000 Fax: 508-647-7001 E-mail: info@mathworks.com Web: www.mathworks.com".
MRI : basic principles and applications
Principles of radiographic imaging : an art and a science
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices : a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
X-ray scattering and diffraction enhanced imaging studies of in vitro breast tissues
Radiation protection education for the users of mobile C-arm
Cerebral ischemia studied with positron emission tomography and microdialysis
"Abdominal imagers recognize that a formal rigid split between "GU" and "GI" radiology no longer works with the rapid advancements in cross sectional imaging that have occurred over the past generation. Nonetheless, when we began planning for the third edition of Diagnostic Imaging: Abdomen we realized that it was no longer possible to encompass the imaging and management of the entire spectrum of abdominal disorders in one text. We thus decided to separate diagnoses considered to be largely "genitourinary" (highlighted in this updated and expanded text) from topics judged to be "gastrointestinal" (covered in a corresponding, companion book). The Amirsys format of bulleted text - including key facts, imaging features, exam protocols, pathology, clinical manifestations/treatment and image interpretation pearls - is still employed.^Succinct, but exhaustive outlined descriptions of GU diagnoses are supplemented by image galleries that emphasize the pearls and pitfalls of modern GU imaging. The number of genitourinary diagnoses has been significantly expanded, and the utility of state of the art cross sectional imaging is emphasized in updated image panels. The approach mirrors current practice: examples of traditional imaging techniques utilized by GU radiologists decades ago (retrograde, intravenous urography, angiography etc.) have largely been replaced by their cross sectional counterparts (MDCT, MR, CTA, MRA, CT urography, MR urography) employed by present day abdominal imagers. Introductory narrative overview chapters describe relevant GU anatomy, physiology, imaging protocols and workup. GU oncology staging and interventional technique chapters - crucial material for current abdominal imagers - have also been added.^Finally, additional images and references are included in the Amirsys eBook Advantage that accompanies the print version of Diagnostic Imaging: Genitourinary, 3rd Edition. This new edition of Diagnostic Imaging: Genitourinary was compiled by members of the Abdominal Imaging section of the University of Pittsburgh. The section has a long history of excellent collaboration with one another, and with referring clinical services. This collaboration has resulted in a legacy of clinical and academic success, and will be even more important in a health care environment that appropriately emphasizes value over volume. We are confident that this updated edition will be a go-to, readily accessible, clinically relevant resource for abdominal imagers and trainees for years to come."--Provided by publisher.
Lung structure and function studied by synchrotron radiation
Ultrasound of the early pregnancy and fetal sexing
Expertddx : head and neck
Breast imaging
Looking inside the brain : the power of neuroimaging
Lippincott's primary care musculoskeletal radiology
The foot : atlas of bonescintigraphy
Clark's positioning in radiography. Vol. 1
"The 2nd edition of Diagnostic Imaging: Abdomen was a major expansion of the 1st edition, containing over 150 additional diagnoses. In planning this, the 3rd edition, we soon realized that comprehensive coverage of all of the advances in imaging and management of abdominal disorders was no longer possible in a single volume text. Therefore, we elected to separate diagnoses into those judged primarily "gastrointestinal," covered in this thoroughly updated text, from the "genitourinary" topics, to be covered in a subsequent book. We have updated and replaced most images from the 2nd edition, maintaining only those judged to be so classic that newer examples would not be an improvement. All references and text have been updated as well, with all material being current to within a few months of the publication date of this book."--Provided by publisher.
Fundamentals of diagnostic radiology. Vol. 2
Mechanisms behind stem cell therapy in acute myocardial infarction
Discovering knowledge in various applications with a novel hyperspectral imager
Realistic image synthesis using photon mapping
Pharmacology and drug administration for imaging technologists
Sample preparation method and synchronized thermography to characterize uniformity of conductive thin films
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices:a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Radiologic technology
Enhancing a neurosurgical imaging system with a PC-based video processing solution
Evaluation of the results of orthodontic treatment by non-rigid image registration and deformation-based morphometry
Doses to the staff in nuclear medicine : two examples
Roll-to-roll printing of organic photovoltaic cells
and modules
Brainwashed : the seductive appeal of mindless neuroscience
Optical coherence tomography as a characterization method in printed electronics
MRI in practice
Fundamentals of body CT
Business process management : concepts, languages, architectures
Iterative reconstruction of regional tracer kinetics from projection data in brain positron emission tomography
Ultra-low-field MRI : techniques and instrumentation for hybrid MEG-MRI
Algorithms and software for biological multiscale image analysis
Radiation imaging detectors 2008 : proceedings of the 10th international workshop on radiation imaging detectors, Helsinki, Finland, June 29-July 3, 2008
Measurements and classifications in musculoskeletal radiology
"The thoroughly revised and expanded 4th edition of the bestselling "Teaching Atlas of Mammography" contains a significant number of new cases. Based on 40 years of experience, the superbly illustrated cases often show long-term follow-up of patients over a period of up to 25 years. Rather than starting with the diagnosis and demonstrating typical findings, the approach of this atlas is to teach the reader and allow him to practice through 154 paradigm cases: how to systematically review mammograms for even the most subtle hints of malignancy, and how to carefully analyze and evaluate the mammographic signs to reach the correct diagnosis. Still unique to this book is the correlation of imaging findings with the corresponding large thin-section and subgross, large thick-section (3D) histology to facilitate an understanding of the pathological processes leading to the mammographic appearances. This approach is the basis for a profound understanding of breast imaging because it is a direct and effective method of teaching differential diagnosis of benign and malignant breast diseases"--Provided by publisher.
Radiographic image analysis
Radiographic positioning
Fracture mapping from Olkiluoto borehole image data, 2001
Integrating near-infrared spectroscopy to synchronous multimodal neuroimaging:applications and novel findings
Skeletal radiology : the bare bones
