http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3538 working sites
working sites worksites
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
Building construction : measuring instruments : procedures for determining accuracy in use. Part 1, Theory
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Regional co-operation in science education research and researcher training : an example from Northern Europe
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Optics and optical instruments : field procedures for testing geodetic and surveying instruments. Part 5, Electronic tacheometers
Global South Development magazine
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Construction management fundamentals
Protection from exposure to second-hand tobacco smoke : policy recommendations
Optics and optical instruments : field procedures for testing geodetic and surveying instruments. Part 3, Theodolites
Inside the European consensus on development and trade : analysing the EU's normative power and policy coherence for development in global governance
Construction site security
Utilization of BIM in communication between main- an subcontractor in project management contracting
Computing time and energy requirements to assess tractor operational efficiency : application to a plowing operation
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project
Optics and optical instruments : field procedures for testing geodetic and surveying instruments. Part 6, Rotaring lasers
The europ[e]anisation of occupational health services : a study of the impact of EU policies
Pension Systems and Labour Mobility : Portability of Pensions in EU
Optics and optical instruments : field procedures for testing geodetic and surveying instruments. Part 4, Electro-optical distance meters (EDM instruments)
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Urban informal sector information : needs and methods
Structural change, wage formation and economic growth in low-income countries
Clinical Practice At Ward A3, Hatanpää : An Orientation Guide for Nursing Exchange Students
Migration flows between Finland and the Baltic Sea region
The least developed countries report 2011 : the potential role of South-South cooperation for inclusive and sustainable development
Norwegian support to Bunda College of Agriculture - phase II : an evaluation
Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia : experiences of clinical tutors
A case study : an analysis of a Finnish construction site meeting through the lens of chaos and control theories
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
Complexities of project interactions in Nicaraguan rural development
Building construction : measuring instruments : procedures for determining accuracy in use. Part 2, Measuring tapes
Budget support policy/political dialogue : donor practices in handling (political) crises
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
While the European Union and Russia are actively working to strengthen their relations, the challenge of effective cooperation can only be called problematic given the pressures faced by an expanding EU and the dynamics of present-day Russia.Nevertheless, the arguments for improving relations for both parties are overwhelming as closer ties ultimately promote the economic prosperity and political stability of the entire region. EU-Russian cooperation is presently based on the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (PCA).The EU and Russia have also agreed to start discussions on creation of a free trade area. While the framework of cooperation is already in place, implementation of the PCA will demand greater resources than current capacity allows.Russia will bear the heaviest burden as it will have to develop functions longestablished in the EU.To ease this transition, the EU provides technical assistance to Russia through its Tacis programme and similar programmes.These constitute a good-faith commitment on the part of the EU to a functioning market economy, political democracy as well as a working system of education and social welfare in Russia. Both parties acknowledge the other's importance as a trading partner currently, trade mainly consits of oil, natural gas and refined metals exported by Russia and machinery and vechiles exported by the EU.The asymmetry of this relationship complicates competition and trade policy.Russia's competitive weaknesses in certain sectors make it very tempting to revert to protectionist pressures which will hinder liberalization of trade and potentially jeopardize the implementation of the PCA. Although critics have called attention to the excessive optimism and impracticalities of the PCA and Tacis, they nevertheless concede that their spirit embodies a willingness by both parties to promote better relations.And despite obvious areas of contention between the EU and Russia (especially in trade policies), there has been a consistent willingness to discuss positions and seek mutually acceptable solutions.Given the general complexity of EU-Russia relations, this willingness to sort things out will be fundamental to all future progress. Keywords: Russia, EU, integration, foreign trade, partnership and cooperation agreement .
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farm
Workers : an archaeology of the industrial age
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Aid for trade at a glance 2013 : connecting to value chains
Motives for overseas missions : the good, the bad and the ugly
Building construction : principles and practices
Characteristics and management options for mixed construction waste residue
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Employer image among summer trainees 2010: Case Wärtsilä Finland Oy
Stress among Finnish farm entrepreneurs
The development  and use of off-site construction techniques and its role in design quality in the indian construstion industry
Access all areas : a user's guide to the art of urban exploration
Migration in Baltic Sea area : the case of Estonia as a sending country
Safe hoist working
Comparisons Between Occupational Health and Safety Cultures in Kenya and Finland
Gender and family among transnational professionals
THE CHALLENGES OF WOMEN EXPATRIATES REGARDING INTERNATIONAL ASSIGNMENT
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Construction safety management
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
Comparisons between occupational health and safety cultures in Kenya and Finland
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT OF SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR UNDERGROUND CONSTRUCTION
Waste and Chemical Management on Wärtsilä Power Plant Construction Site
Abstract: A case study :  an analysis of a Finnish construction site meeting through the lens of chaos and control theories. The purpose of the dissertation is to examine and analyse a Finnish construction site meeting through the lens of chaos and control theories and to determine why the construction site meeting did not work out well and how to solve the issues aroused in the meeting. As construction site meetings play a key role in the communication and integration between all crucial participants of construction site meetings, this study will contribute in understanding the meetings better and the nature of chaos and control in construction site meetings and how to make the construction site meetings more efficient. A qualitative analysis of a confidential Finnish construction site meeting was conducted and a critical review of chaos and control theories was carried out. Some chaotic aspects can be seen in the case study as the degree of control is fairly low making the meeting inefficient and long lacking of direction. In this case there is a need for control in construction site meetings because a higher degree of control instead of chaos in this construction site meeting will make the meetings more efficient whereas low level of control only lead to long discussions instead of innovation and creativity. However, as chaos and control theories have been applied only to this one particular case study the findings cannot be generalized into meetings. The end result of construction site meetings might also be dependent of the group dynamics, culture and background of the participants and therefore they need to be examined more.
Essays on migration
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Improving virtual teamwork in an international project
Dougal the Digger
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Social workers’ interpretations of generalist social work in rural areas
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Abstract.
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Time consumption of planting after partial harvests
Production control and planning with Lean construction and Location based management
Environmental policy in the European Union
The development of large-scale agricultural mechanization required to sustain food production, combined with limited conventional fuel resources, spurs on to better assess the time and energy investments required for commodities production. The proposed analysis is based on the description of field working dynamics collected on an experimental tractor during a plowing operation. The energy needs can there be characterized as having a dual alternating profile, depending on the tractor working phase within the field. As a result, two field oriented performance indicators consisting in time efficiency [h.ha-1] and area specific consumption [l.ha-1] are defined out of the profile characteristics. A model converting the draft of an implement into an engine running point is then developed to compute these indicators. The model is fitted on data collected over conventional bench tests, and is validated by an application to a plowing operation. Lastly, a sensitivity analysis on the operational parameters is conducted.
Construction project scheduling and control
Faster construction projects with CPM scheduling
Safety of autonomous agricultural tractor-implement combinations with ISOBUS capabilities
Children's work in the livestock sector : herding and beyond
Measuring performance and determining success factors of construction sites
Trends in EU-Russia trade, aid and cooperation
The Africa policies of Nordic Countries and erosion of the Nordic aid model : a comparative study
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Tuotemallintaminen rakennusprosessin perustana = Product modelling as the basis for construction process
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Abstract: Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project.
Location-based management for construction : planning, scheduling and control
Power, dominance and the invisible practice of privilege : saving the other in the world of aid. The self-actualization of a development worker in Laos
Sales channel and area for field production : case: FutuVision
Lofty and the monster : read aloud, read alone, read along!
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
A Case Study: An Analysis of a Finnish Construction Site Meeting Through the Lens of Chaos and Control Theories
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Collaboration between non-governmental organizations and educational leaders in capacity development in rural South Africa
Optics and optical instruments : field procedures for testing geodetic and surveying instruments. Part 7, Optical plumping instruments
Financial markets are usually seen as forerunners in globalization, since the immaterial and weightless nature of finance seems to make geography less relevant than in most other industries. This picture of finance as the most global of businesses, however, is only partly true. For some parts of the financial markets, geography has lost its importance already a long time ago, but there are others where international and regional integration is still incomplete and on-going. Globally, the most important of the on-going processes is the financial opening up of the big emerging market economies, which poses huge challenges for international policy coordination and the development of institutions; at the European level, retail banking markets and payments systems are still very fragmented and a lot of work is needed to achieve the goal of a single market at least in the euro area. Finally, at the subnational level, the impact of financial integration is mostly felt through the changes in the variety of services and customer relationships available to SME's and households. At each of these levels, financial integration holds great promise in terms of growth, efficiency and economic opportunities, but also requires significant adjustments in public policy and private business performance.
European Union and the developing nation's external debt: EU-15's debt policy, 1960-2008
Abstract: Corporatism, employment and macroeconomic performance in 18 OECD countries.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
TAiR : Tartu artist in residence programme : "bohemian but traditional"
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
English abstract.
Geographical impacts of financial integration
Methods for Automated Civil Construction Production Control
East-to-West migration and labour market integration in the Baltic Sea region - history, current trends and potential
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
Decommodifying volunteer tourism? : insights from nordic non-governmental organizations
China and other emerging actors in Africa
Project organization development between FMC group India (Gurgoan) and FMC group Finland (Seinäjoki) office
Environmental management during construction phase
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
TR : safety supervision on the building site
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Process improvement of large scale renovation projects with BIM
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farms
Optics and optical instruments : field procedures for testing geodetic and surveying instruments. Part 1, Theory
Optics and optical instruments : field procedures for testing geodetic and surveying instruments. Part 2, Levels
Basic construction management : the superintendent's job
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
