http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3536 literary criticism
literary criticism
Man and the milieu : ecocritical analysis of Ernest Hemingway's "Big Two-Hearted River" and "Indian Camp"
Literary criticism. 3 : Romantic criticism: a short history
Collected essays 3
The confidence-man : his masquerade : an authoritative text, contemporary reviews, biographical overviews, sources, backgrounds, and criticism
Weaving together his brilliant analyses of literature, art, and music with fearless insights on race, gender, and history. The result is an extraordinary, complex portrait of "white girls," as Als dubs them--an expansive but precise category that encompasses figures as diverse as Truman Capote and Louise Brooks, Malcolm X and Flannery O'Connor. In pieces that hairpin between critique and meditation, fiction and nonfiction, high culture and low, the theoretical and the deeply personal, Als presents a stunning portrait of a writer by way of his subjects, and an invaluable guide to the culture of our time.
Short stories by Edgar Allan Poe
A history of modern criticism 1750-1950. Volume 2, The romantic age
The complete critical guide to John Milton
Poetry and criticism before Plato
The adventures of Tom Sawyer : authoritative text, backgrounds and contexts, criticism
Criticism and social change
World literature today : Helsinki
Major critical essays : The quintessence of Ibsenism ; The perfect Wagnerite ; The sanity of art
Collected essays 2
Personal business : character and commerce in Victorian literature and culture
Ethics and poetics : ethical recognitions and social reconfigurations in modern narratives
Language and politics in Julia Kristeva : literature, art, therapy
Guilty knowledge, guilty pleasure : the dirty art of poetry
A history of modern criticism : 1750-1950. 4, The later nineteenth century
Muses of one mind : The literary analysis of experience and its continuity
"This is the first English-language study of the Chinese writer's work and influence, featuring essays from scholars in a range of disciplines, from both China and the United States. Its introduction, twelve articles, and epilogue aim to deepen and widen critical discussions of both a specific literary author and the globalization of Chinese literature more generally. The book takes the "root-seeking" movement with which Mo Yan's works are associated as a metaphor for its organizational structure. The four articles of "Part I: Leaves" focus on Mo Yan's works as world literature, exploring the long shadow his works have cast globally. Howard Goldblatt, Mo Yan's English translator, explores the difficulties and rewards of interpreting his work, while subsequent articles cover issues such as censorship and the "performativity" associated with being a global author. "Part II: Trunk" explores the nativist core of Mo Yan's works. Through careful comparative treatment of related historical events, the five articles in this section show how specific literary works intermingle with China's national and international politics, its mid-twentieth-century visual culture, and its rich religious and literary conventions, including humor. The three articles in "Part III: Roots" delve into the theoretical and practical extensions of Mo Yan's works, uncovering the vibrant critical and cultural systems that ground Eastern and Western literatures and cultures. Mo Yan in Context concludes with an epilogue by sociologist Fenggang Yang, offering a personal and globally aware reflection on the recognition Mo Yan's works have received at this historical juncture"--
Why literary criticism is not an exact science
Grounds of literary criticism
How reading is written : a brief index to Gertrude Stein
Mo Yan in context : Nobel laureate and global storyteller
Art and idea in the novels of China Miéville
The criticism of prose
The institution of criticism
Feminism and dialogics : Charlotte Perkins Gilman, Meridel Le Sueur, Mikhail M. Bakhtin
Testament of a critic
George Steiner : a reader
Seamus Heaney and the place of writing
The sacred wood : essays on poetry and criticism
Critics and criticism : ancient and modern
Reading relations : structures of literary production : a dialectical textbook
Stylistic criticism and the African novel : a study of the language, art and content of African fiction
Sherlock Holmes was wrong : reopening the case of the Hound of the Baskervilles
The collected essays of Leslie Fiedler. 2
Ecocriticism and Geocriticism: Overlapping Territories in Environmental and Spatial Literary Studies presents an interdisciplinary collection of essays which address the complementary and contested aspects of these related, but sometimes conflicting, approaches to literature, cultural, and society in the twenty-first century.
An approach to Shakespeare. 1, Henry VI to Twelfth night
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Transgressing boundaries : essays on postcolonial literature
The collected essays of Leslie Fiedler. 1
New York review of books : e-lehti
The J. Hillis Miller reader
Essays in modern literary criticism
Literary criticism. 4 : Modern criticism: a short history
Critiques and essays on modern fiction 1920-1951 : representing the achievement of modern American and British critics
A history of literary criticism
Structuralist poetics : structuralism, linguistics and the study of literature
Mimesis, desire, and the novel : René Girard and literary criticism
Nights at the circus
Celebrating creative consciousness : insights into Oscar Wilde's aesthetics
Selected writings. Vol. 3, 1935-1938
Samuel Beckett now : critical approaches to his novels, poetry, and plays
Jane Austen, the secret radical
Critical companion to Jane Austen : a literary reference to her life and work
Essays in Sanskrit criticism
Reflections on exile and other essays
Parietal games : critical writings by and on M. John Harrison
Literary criticism : a practical guide for students
The war against cliché : essays and reviews, 1971-2000
Contextualizing classics : ideology, performance, dialogue : essays in honor of John J. Peradotto
Finnish summary.
Critical and historical essays : contributed to The Edinburgh review : in five volumes. Vol. 1
William Blake : songs of innocence and of experience
The literary use of the psychoanalytic process
The art of hunger : essays, prefaces, interviews and, The red notebook
African literature today : a journal of explanatory criticism. No.1,2,3,4 with index
Russian writers and Soviet society 1917-1978
Literary criticism from Plato to postmodernism : the humanistic alternative
Practical criticism : a study of literary judgement
Better living through criticism : how to think about art, pleasure, beauty and truth
Macedonian essay
Literary essays and reviews of the 1930s & 40s
Selected critical writings
The men who knew too much : Henry James and Alfred Hitchcock
Literary criticism
The New York Review of Books : Espoo
An approach to Shakespeare. 2, Troilus and Cressida to The tempest
The Yale critics : deconstruction in America
Tales of Henry James : the texts of the tales, the author on his craft, criticism
Practical criticism : a study of literary judgment
Wilde comedies : Lady Windermere's fan, A woman of no importance, An ideal husband, The importance of being earnest
New historicism and cultural materialism : a reader
Floating the borders : New contexts in Canadian criticism
A history of modern criticism. 3, The age of transition
Criticism in America : an account of the development of critical techniques from the early period of the republic to the middle years of twentieth century
Language, madness, and desire : on literature
Rereading Frye : the published and unpublished works
Beautiful untrue things : the art of contradiction in Oscar Wilde's The decay of lying
This book offers a history of literary criticism from Plato to the present, arguing that this history can best be seen as a dialogue among three traditions - the Platonic, Neoplatonic, and the humanistic, originated by Aristotle. There are many histories of literary criticism, but this is the first to clarify our understanding of the many seemingly incommensurable approaches employed over the centuries by reference to the three traditions. Making its case by careful analyses of individual critics, the book argues for the relevance of the humanistic tradition in the twenty-first century and beyond.
The reception of Jane Austen and Walter Scott : a comparative longitudinal study
The post-Romantic predicament
Contemporary literary criticism
A collection of critical texts from Paul de Man's Harvard University years, published for the first time These essays, brought together from the Paul de Man papers at the University of California (Irvine), make a significant contribution to the cultural history of deconstruction and the present state of literary theory. From 1955 to 1961, Paul de Man was Junior Fellow at Harvard University where he wrote a doctoral thesis entitled 'The Post-Romantic Predicament: a study in the poetry of Mallarmé and Yeats'. This dissertation is presented alongside his other texts from this period, including essays on Holderlin, Keats and Stefan George. This collection reflects familiar concerns for de Man: the figurative dimension of language, the borders between philosophy and literature, the ideological obfuscations of Romanticism, and the difficulties of the North American heritage of New Criticism. Key Features: * The first collection of texts by Paul de Man published since the posthumous Aesthetic Ideology (1997) * The missing link in the published de Man corpus * With an introduction by Martin McQullian, a leading de Man scholar
Literary criticism : an introduction to theory and practice
Critical discourse and linguistic variation : new investigation perspectives: receprions, analyses, openings : September 8-9, 2010 - Suecava, România
Ludwig Börne : a memorial
Collected essays 1
Following the trail of meaning and beauty
How to talk about books you haven't read
English critical texts : 16th century to 20th century
Kierkegaard's influence on literature, criticism and art
Points of view
Three lives and Q.E.D. : authoritative texts, contexts, criticism
Madame Bovary's ovaries : a Darwinian look at literature
Writers in crisis : the American novel: 1925-1940
Theory of criticism : a tradition and its system
An unofficial companion to the novels of Terry Pratchett
The New York Review of Books : Helsinki
"As a transformative thinker of the twentieth century, whose work spanned all branches of the humanities, Michel Foucault had a complex and profound relationship with literature. And yet this critical aspect of his thought, because it was largely expressed in speeches and interviews, remains virtually unknown to even his most loyal readers. This book brings together previously unpublished transcripts of oral presentations in which Foucault speaks at length about literature and its links to some of his principal themes: madness, language and criticism, and truth and desire.The associations between madness and language--and madness and silence--preoccupy Foucault in two 1963 radio broadcasts, presented here, in which he ranges among literary examples from Cervantes and Shakespeare to Diderot, before taking up questions about Artaud's literary correspondence, lettres de cachet, and the materiality of language. In his lectures on the relations among language, the literary work, and literature, he discusses Joyce, Proust, Chateaubriand, Racine, and Corneille, as well as the linguist Roman Jakobson. What we know as literature, Foucault contends, begins with the Marquis de Sade, to whose writing--particularly La Nouvelle Justine and Juliette--he devotes a full two-part lecture series focusing on notions of literary self-consciousness.Following his meditations on history in the recently published Speech Begins after Death, this current volume makes clear the importance of literature to Foucault's thought and intellectual development. "--
Fifty years after its publication in English, René Girard'sDeceit, Desire, and the Novel(1965) has never ceased to fascinate, challenge, inspire, and sometimes irritate, literary scholars. It has become one of the great classics of literary criticism, and the notion of triangular desire is now part of the theoretical parlance among critics and students. It also represents the genetic starting point for what has become one of the most encompassing, challenging, and far-reaching theories conceived in the humanities in the last century: mimetic theory. This book provides a forum for new generations of scholars and critics to reassess, challenge, and expand the theoretical and hermeneutical reach of key issues brought forward by Girard's book, including literary knowledge, realism and representation, imitation and the anxiety of influence, metaphysical desire, deviated transcendence, literature and religious experience, individualism and modernity, and death and resurrection. It also provides a more extensive and detailed historical understanding of the representation of desire, imitation, and rivalry within European and world literature, from Dante to Proust and from Dickens to Jonathan Littell.
Edward Said and the question of subjectivity
The failures of criticism
A history of modern criticism 1750-1950. Volume 1, The later eighteenth century
Frameworks : contemporary criticism on Janet Frame
Henrik Ibsen : a critical anthology
Compromises in L.M. Montgomery's Anne-serial : literary freedom within the restrictions of Victorian society
How to read texts : a student guide to critical approaches and skills
The use of poetry and the use of criticism : studies in the relation of criticism to poetry in England
Critical theory today : a user-friendly guide
Previous convictions
Gertrude Stein's work is not easily defined and has had both fierce supporters and equally fierce detractors. In a series of linked essays. How Reading Is Written considers a set of questions associated with reading Gertrude Stein today. Like Charles Olson's Call Me Ishmael and Susan Howe's My Emily Dickinson, How Reading Is Written joins a tradition of books by poets about the writers who have intensely figured into their notion of poetry. The book is structurally and conceptually an index to Stein's poetics, and it considers Stein alongside other writers and thinkers, and across discourses of philosophy, science, queer theory, and literary criticism. Book jacket.
Greek fiction has never been more popular. New approaches to ancient literature, and the increase in courses in literature in translation, have made the ancient novel a fertile field for scholar and student alike. This volume extends the boundaries of the subject beyond the "canon" of the romances properly called and examines Greek fictional writing in the widest possible context, including texts that are not normally treated as novels, such as various kinds of sacred or quasi-historical texts. The editors hope to open up the definition of Greek fiction to further debate and to create cross-currents between scholars working in diverse fields.
The age of innocence : authoritative text, background and contexts, sources, criticism
Greek fiction : the Greek novel in context
The responsibilities of the critic : essays and reviews by F. O. Matthiessen
Principles of literary criticism
Ecocriticism and geocriticism : overlapping territories in environmental and spatial literary studies
The great critics : an anthology of literary criticism
The Art of Comics is the first-ever collection of essays published in English devoted to the philosophical topics raised by comics and graphic novels. In an area of growing philosophical interest, this volume constitutes a great leap forward in the development of this fast expanding field, and makes a powerful contribution to the philosophy of art. * The first-ever anthology to address the philosophical issues raised by the art of comics* Provides an extensive and thorough introduction to the field, and to comics more generally* Responds to the increasing philosophical interest in comic art * Includes a preface by the renowned comics author Warren Ellis* Many of the chapters are illustrated, and the book carries a stunning cover by the rising young comics star David Heatley.
Collected essays. 1
The historical novel
The art of comics : a philosophical approach
Passing : authoritative text, backgrounds and contexts, criticism
The poet's defence
The artist as critic : critical writings of Oscar Wilde
Scenes of Intimacy analyzes the representation of acts and relationships of intimacy in contemporary literature, the affect this has upon readers, and the ways these representations resonate with, complement, and challenge the concerns of contemporary theory. Opening with an in-depth interview with literary critic, Derridean, and novelist Professor Nicholas Royle, the volume contains eleven further essays that move from intimate scenes of familial and pedagogic legacy, on to representations of love, of sex, and finally to scenes of death and dying. The essays are textually attentive to how literary techniques create intimacy, and draw upon new and notable theoretical positions and critics from queer theory, affect studies, psychoanalysis, poststructualism and deconstruction to ask difficult and uncomfortable questions about intimacy and its representation. Across the genres of poetry, autobiography, journals, love letters, short stories and novels, Scenes of Intimacy shows that contemporary literature poses new possibilities and questions about our intimate relationalities, their failures and their futures.
Selected criticism
"The Model of Poesy is one of the most exciting literary discoveries of recent years. A manuscript treatise on poetics written by William Scott in 1599, at the end of the most revolutionary decade in English literary history, it includes rich discussions of the works of Sidney, Spenser, Shakespeare and their contemporaries. Scott's work presents a powerful and coherent theoretical account of all aspects of poetics, from the nature of representation to the rules of versification, with a commitment to relating theory to contemporary practice. For Scott, any theory of literature must make sense not of the classics but of what English writers are doing now: Scott is at the same time the most scholarly and the most relevant of English Renaissance critics. In this groundbreaking edition, Gavin Alexander presents a text of The Model of Poesy framed by a detailed introduction and an extensive commentary, which together demonstrate the range and value of Scott's thought"--
Addressing a neglected dimension in postcolonial scholarship, the author examines the figure of the postcolonial intellectual as repeatedly evoked by the fabled troika of Said, Spivak, and Bhabha and by members of the pan-African diaspora such as Cabral, Fanon, and James.
Logic and criticism
Literature of the lost home : Kobayashi Hideo -literary criticism, 1924-1939
Critical approaches to literature
Theory into practice : an introduction to literary criticism
The wings of the dove : authoritative text, the author and the novel, criticism
Alexander Pope : a critical anthology
Great Expectations : Charles Dickens
White girls
O pioneers! : authoritative text, context and backgrounds, criticism
Selected essays
Nets of awareness : Urdu poetry and its critics
The cultural study of reception
McTeague : a story of San Francisco : authoritative text, contexts, criticism
Collected stories and other writings
Emerson's ghosts : literature, politics, and the making of Americanists
Collected essays 4
The Horse, the Howl and the Hatchet : nature representations in Ronia, the robber's daughter and Hatchet
Ante-bellum Southern literary critics
Of minstrelsy and masks : the legacy of Ezenwa-Ohaeto in Nigerian writing
Scenes of intimacy : reading, writing and theorizing contemporary literature
Arguably
Counter-statement
An ecocritical exploration into Yvonne Vera's Butterfly Burning and The Stone Virgins
The practice of criticism
Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass, an American slave, written by himself : authoritative text, contexts, criticism
Alterities : criticism, history, representation
Selected writings
Curious pursuits : occasional writing 1970-2005
The post-war British literature handbook
Selected prose
Shakespearian comedy
From Trocchi to Trainspotting : Scottish critical theory since 1960
The secret life of poems : a poetry primer
A handbook of modernism studies
This book offers (in the first six chapters) critical readings of six novels by China Miéville, which are followed (in the seventh chapter) by a theoretical meditation on some of the conceptual issues raised by and engaged in the Miéville oeuvre.
The portrait of a lady : an authoritative text, Henry James and the novel, reviews and criticism
The house of the seven gables : authoritative text, contexts, criticism
American moderns : from rebellion to conformity
Chinese approaches to literature from Confucius to Liang Ch'i-ch'ao
Little women, or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy
Macedonian literary criticism
Introducing criticism at the 21st century
Pudd'nhead Wilson ; and, Those extraordinary twins : authoritative texts, textual introduction, tables of variants, criticism
Literary criticism. 2 : Neo classical criticism: a short history
Literature and the conservative ideal
The American : an authoritative text, backgrounds and sources, criticism
Theory into practice : a reader in modern literary criticism
Ancient literary criticism : the principal texts in new translations
Feminist comments on Ernest Hemingway's A farewell to arms
A reinvestigation of "The Hound of the Baskervilles" poses an alternative solution to the case that is based on hidden clues within the story's text, in a fan's recreation that illuminates unusual interstices between Doyle's fiction and the real world.
The theory of African literature : implications for practical criticism
Kids' letters to Harry Potter from around the world : an unauthorized collection
Hell and back : selected essays
F. R. Leavis : a life in criticism
The well-tempered critic
Hermeneutics of the contemporary Macedonian literature
Selected works
English as a vocation : the Scrutiny movement
The model of poesy
Curious pursuits : occasional writing
Blindness and insight : essays in the rhetoric of contemporary criticism
The book wars
The jungle : an authoritative text, contexts and backgrounds, criticism
The postcolonial intellectual : Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o in context
"Edward Said and the Question of Subjectivity explores the articulated and implicated notions of subjectivity in the writings of Edward Said, one of the forthright public intellectuals of our times. The work further analyses the shift in his intellectual trajectory towards a new humanism and dwells on his interface with certain western Marxist thinkers"--
T.S. Eliot : the man and his work
Emerson's prose and poetry : authoritative texts, contexts, criticism
