http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3552 differential equations
differential equations
Differential equations and linear algebra
Systems engineering principles and practice
Introduction to the theory of inverse problems
This book is an introduction to mathematical biology for students with no experience in biology, but who have some mathematical background. The work is focused on population dynamics and ecology, following a tradition that goes back to Lotka and Volterra, and includes a part devoted to the spread of infectious diseases, a field where mathematical modeling is extremely popular. These themes are used as the area where to understand different types of mathematical modeling and the possible meaning of qualitative agreement of modeling with data. The book also includes a collections of problems designed to approach more advanced questions. This material is addressed to students in their fourth year of studies in Mathematics. It can also be used as a reference as it provides up-to-date developments in several areas.
Navier-Stokes equations
Meromorphic solutions of differential and difference equations with deficiencies
Singular perturbations and hysteresis
Ordinary differential equations
On the justification of differential derivations to set up ordinary differential equations
"The book gives thorough coverage of the derivation and solution methods for all fundamental nonlinear model equations, such as Korteweg-de Vries, Camassa-Holm, Degasperis-Procesi, Euler-Poincare, Toda lattice, Boussinesq, Burgers, Fisher, Whitham, nonlinear Klein-Gordon, sine-Gordon, nonlinear Schrodinger, nonlinear reaction-diffustion, and Euler-Lagrange equations.".
Applied differential equations
Non-smooth dynamical systems
Renormalisation in area-preserving maps
Schaum's outlines calculus
Nonlinear ordinary differential equations : an introduction to dynamical systems
Limit cycles for generalized Liénard-type and Lotka-Volterra systems
Backward stochastic differential equations (BSDEs) provide a general mathematical framework for solving pricing and risk management questions of financial derivatives. They are of growing importance for nonlinear pricing problems such as CVA computations that have been developed since the crisis. Although BSDEs are well known to academics, they are less familiar to practitioners in the financial industry. In order to fill this gap, this book revisits financial modeling and computational finance from a BSDE perspective, presenting a unified view of the pricing and hedging theory across all asset classes. It also contains a review of quantitative finance tools, including Fourier techniques, Monte Carlo methods, finite differences and model calibration schemes. With a view to use in graduate courses in computational finance and financial modeling, corrected problem sets and Matlab sheets have been provided. Stéphane Crépeys book starts with a few chapters on classical stochastic processes material, and then... fasten your seatbelt... the author starts traveling backwards in time through backward stochastic differential equations (BSDEs). This does not mean that one has to read the book backwards, like a manga! Rather, the possibility to move backwards in time, even if from a variety of final scenarios following a probability law, opens a multitude of possibilities for all those pricing problems whose solution is not a straightforward expectation. For example, this allows for framing problems like pricing with credit and funding costs in a rigorous mathematical setup. This is, as far as I know, the first book written for several levels of audiences, with applications to financial modeling and using BSDEs as one of the main tools, and as the song says: "it's never as good as the first time". Damiano Brigo, Chair of Mathematical Finance, Imperial College London While the classical theory of arbitrage free pricing has matured, and is now well understood and used by the finance industry, the theory of BSDEs continues to enjoy a rapid growth and remains a domain restricted to academic researchers and a handful of practitioners. Crépeys book presents this novel approach to a wider community of researchers involved in mathematical modeling in finance. It is clearly an essential reference for anyone interested in the latest developments in financial mathematics. Marek Musiela, Deputy Director of the Oxford-Man Institute of Quantitative Finance
Differential equations : a concise course
Nonlinear dynamics and chaos
Stability theory of differential equations
Elements of the theory of inverse problems
Applications of integral estimates to inner functions and differential equations
Fundamentals of differential equations and boundary value problems
Differential equations, dynamical systems, and an introduction to chaos
Gröbner deformations of hypergeometric differential equations
Analysis and differential equations
Handbook of differential equations. Vol. 4, Ordinary differential equations
Inverse problem theory and methods for model parameter estimation
On the parametric instability caused by step size variation in Runge-Kutta-Nyström methods
Qualitative theory of differential equations
Periodic integral and pseudodifferential equations with numerical approximation
Linear differential equations in Banach space
Note on strongly regular families of triangulations for domains with a piecewise smooth boundary
"Overcoming some of the drawbacks in standard differential equations courses, this text illustrates the development of dynamic models using basic physics and analytical solution and simulation methods. Taking a rigorous yet practical approach, the authors clearly explain how to solve differential equations and emphasize the integration of modeling and simulation. The book develops models of physical systems, before obtaining the analytical solution and performing simulations. The examples and problems provided encourage real-world design experience"--Provided by publisher.
Nonclassical and inverse problems for pseudoparabolic equations
Perturbations : theory and methods
Learning differential equations through DERIVE
Static instability analysis of an elastic band travelling in the gravitational field
Dynamics
Partial differential equations with Maple
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Instructor's guide : fundamentals of differential equations and boundary value problems
Analysis of errors caused by incomplete knowledge of material data in mathematical models of elastic media
Positive solutions of differential, difference and integral equations
Pseudodifferential and singular integral operators : an introduction with applications
De tools to accompany Zill, A first course in differential equations with modeling applications, 8th ed and Zill/Cullen, Differential equations with boundary-value problems,  6th ed
Dynamics of evolutionary equations
Student solutions manual to accompany [for] CALCULUS
On extremal and unique solutions of discontinuous ordinary differential equations and finite systems of differential equations
A first course in differential equations, modeling, and simulation
Optimal stochastic control, stochastic target problems, and backward SDE
Financial modeling : a backward stochastic differential equations perspective
Banach algebras and several complex variables
Partial differential equations. 2, Qualitative studies of linear equations
Bayesian analysis of SEIR epidemic models
An introduction to nonlinear functional analysis and elliptic problems
Exponential attractors for dissipative evolution equations
Functional differential equations
Multivariable calculus, linear algebra, and differential equations : student solutions manual to accompany
Computer algebra recipes : an advanced guide to scientific modeling
Linear algebra and differential equations
This is an exposition and an encyclopedic presentation of the theory of hyperbolic conservation laws. It illustrates the essential role of continuum thermodynamics in providing motivation and direction for the development of the mathematical theory while also serving as the principal source of applications. The reader is expected to have a certain mathematical sophistication and to be familiar with (at least) the rudiments of analysis and the qualitative theory of partial differential equations, whereas prior exposure to continuum physics is not required. The target group of readers would consist of (a) experts in the mathematical theory of hyperbolic systems of conservation laws who wish to learn about the connection with classical physics; (b) specialists in continuum mechanics who may need analytical tools; (c) experts in numerical analysis who wish to learn the underlying mathematical theory; and (d) analysts and graduate students who seek introduction to the theory of hyperbolic systems of conservation laws. This new edition places increased emphasis on hyperbolic systems of balance laws with dissipative source, modeling relaxation phenomena. It also presents an account of recent developments on the Euler equations of compressible gas dynamics. Furthermore, the presentation of a number of topics in the previous edition has been revised, expanded and brought up to date, and has been enriched with new applications to elasticity and differential geometry. The bibliography, also expanded and updated, now comprises close to two thousand titles.
The eigenvalue problem of the p-Laplacian in metric spaces
The qualitative theory of ordinary differential equations : an introduction
Hopf bifurcation analysis : a frequency domain approach
Implementation of quantitative reaction-based model refinement
Differential equations with linear algebra
Differential equations & linear algebra
Periodic L2-solutions of an integrodifferential equation in a Hilbert space
A new approach for numerical simulation of fluid power circuits using Rosenbrock methods
An introduction to difference equations
Ordinary differential equations : from calculus to dynamical systems
Efficient numerical methods for simulating continuous casting processes
Pure mathematics. 4
Heteroclinic solutions for a class of fourth order ordinary differential equations
Asymptotic methods for ordinary differential equations
The book introduces all of the key tools and concepts from Lorentzian geometry (metrics, null frames, deformation tensors, etc.) and provides complete elementary proofs. The author also discusses applications to topics in nonlinear equations, including null conditions and stability of Minkowski space. The field of nonlinear hyperbolic equations or systems has seen a tremendous development since the beginning of the 1980s. We are concentrating here on multidimensional situations, and on quasilinear equations or systems, that is, when the coefficients of the principal part depend on the unknown function itself. The pioneering works by F. John, D. Christodoulou, L. Hörmander, S. Klainerman, A. Majda and many others have been devoted mainly to the questions of blowup, lifespan, shocks, global existence, etc. Some overview of the classical results can be found in the books of Majda [42] and Hörmander [24]. On the other hand, Christodoulou and Klainerman [18] proved in around 1990 the stability of Minkowski space, a striking mathematical result about the Cauchy problem for the Einstein equations. After that, many works have dealt with diagonal systems of quasilinear wave equations, since this is what Einstein equations reduce to when written in the so-called harmonic coordinates. The main feature of this particular case is that the (scalar) principal part of the system is a wave operator associated to a unique Lorentzian metric on the underlying space-time.
Numerical solution and structural analysis of differential-algebraic equations
On the complete integrability of the first order total differential equation
Piecewise polynomial collocation methods for linear Volterra integro-differential equations with weakly singular kernels
Fundamentals of differential equations ; fundamentals of differential equations and boundary value problems
Differential equations : theory and applications with Maple
Current developments in mathematics. 1996
On the resolution of singularities of ordinary differential systems
Advanced engineering mathematics
Introduction to differential equations and dynamical systems
Finite difference schemes and partial differential equations
Nonlinear partial differential equations for scientists and engineers
Introduction to symmetry analysis
Decoupling on the Wiener space and variational estimates for BSDEs
Global higher integrability for nonlinear parabolic partial differential equations in nonsmooth domains
Partial differential equations. 1, Basic theory
2500 solved problems in differential equations
Theory of ordinary differential equations
Adaptive method of lines
Elementary differential eqations
V-Langevin equations, continuous time random walks and fractional diffusion
Computer-aided computation of Abelian integrals and robust normal forms
Bifurcation theory and methods of dynamical systems
Computational methods in ordinary differential equations
A treatise on differential equations
Nonlinear differential equations and dynamical systems
Applications of value distribution theory in the theory of complex differential equations
Differential equations for dummies
An introduction to the theory of differential equations
Partial differential equations in mechanics. 1, Fundamentals, Laplace's equation, diffusion equation, wave equation
An introduction to mathematical population dynamics : along the trail of Volterra and Lotka
Inverse solution of nonlinear differential equations. 1, Implicit transcendental solutions
Inverse solution of nonlinear differential equations. 2, Implicit parametric solutions
Partial differential equations. 3, Nonlinear equations
"After a brief review of first-order differential equations, this book focuses on second-order equations with constant coefficients that derive their general solution using only results described previously.  Higher-order equations are provided since the patterns are more readily grasped by students.  Stability and fourth order equations are also discussed since these topics typically appear in further study for engineering and science majors.  In addition to applications to engineering systems, applications from the biological and life sciences are emphasized.  Ecology and population dynamics are featured since they involve both linear and nonlinear equations, and these topics form one application thread that weaves through the chapters.  Diffusion of material, heat, and mechanical and electrical oscillators are also important in biological and engineering systems and are discussed throughout.  A complete Instructor Solution Manual is available upon request and contains solutions to all exercises as well as Maple[trademark symbol] code.  While the book is not dependent on the use of one specific software, some of the exercises do call on the use of such systems to solve certain differential equations or to plot the results.  A Student Solutions Manual is available to supplement the book, and while the first manual will feature Maple, the author is also preparing versions using Mathematica and MATLAB;to accommodate instructor preferences.  Chapter coverage includes First-Order Differential Equations; Higher-Order Linear Equations; Applications of Higher-Order Linear Equations; Systems of Linear Differential Equations; Laplace Transform; Series Solution; Systems of Nonlinear Differential Equations; and Appendices on Partial Fraction Expansions, Determinants, Gauss Elimination, and Complex Numbers and the Complex Plane"--
Beyond partial differential equations : on linear and quasi-linear abstract hyperbolic evolution equations
Nonlinear ordinary differential equations : an introduction for scientists and engineers
Hyperbolic conservation laws in continuum physics
Differential equations with Mathematica
Nonlinear evolution equations : kinetic approach
Applied numerical analysis
On generalized bounded variation and approximation of SDEs
CADE-2007 : computer algebra and differential equations
Differential equations and their applications : an introduction to applied mathematics
The book presents the modern state of the art in the mathematical theory of compressible Navier-Stokes equations, with a particular emphasis on the applications to aerodynamics. The topics covered include: modeling of compressible viscous flows; modern mathematical theory of nonhomogeneous boundary value problems for viscous gas dynamics equations; applications to optimal shape design in aerodynamics; kinetic theory for equations with oscillating data; new approach to the boundary value problems for transport equations. The monograph offers a comprehensive and self-contained introduction to recent mathematical tools designed to handle the problems arising in the theory.
Differential equations and the calculus of variations
Compressible Navier-Stokes equations : theory and shape optimization
Functional methods in differential equations
Modeling and minimization of extinction in Volterra-Lotka type equations with free boundaries
Perturbation methods
Approximation of the Laplace transform by the Cayley transform
Lectures on BSDEs, stochastic control, and stochastic differential games with financial applications
Elementary differential equations
Mathematical methods of environmental risk modeling
This handbook is the fourth volume in a series of volumes devoted to self contained and up-to-date surveys in the theory of ordinary differential equations, with an additional effort to achieve readability for mathematicians and scientists from other related fields so that the chapters have been made accessible to a wider audience ; Covers a variety of problems in ordinary differential equations ; Pure mathematical and real world applications ; Written for mathematicians and scientists of many related fields.
Differential equations with boundary-value problems
Bayesian approach to inverse problems
Error control in terms of linear functionals based on gradient averaging techniques
For over 300 years, differential equations have served as an essential tool for describing and analyzing problems in many scientific disciplines. This carefully-written textbook provides an introduction to many of the important topics associated with ordinary differential equations. Unlike most textbooks on the subject, this text includes nonstandard topics such as perturbation methods and differential equations and Mathematica. In addition to the nonstandard topics, this text also contains contemporary material in the area as well as its classical topics. This second edition is updated to be compatible with Mathematica, version 7.0. It also provides 81 additional exercises, a new section in Chapter 1 on the generalized logistic equation, an additional theorem in Chapter 2 concerning fundamental matrices, and many more other enhancements to the first edition. This book can be used either for a second course in ordinary differential equations or as an introductory course for well-prepared students. The prerequisites for this book are three semesters of calculus and a course in linear algebra, although the needed concepts from linear algebra are introduced along with examples in the book. An undergraduate course in analysis is needed for the more theoretical subjects covered in the final two chapters.
The stress-strain state and stabilization of viscoelastoplastic, imperfect moving web continuum
Poincaré's legacies : pages from year two of a mathematical blog. Part 1
Recursive Bayesian inference on stochastic differential equations
On hyperbolic Q classes
Fundamental math and physics for scientists and engineers
Low-order Runge-Kutta methods for differential-algebraic equations
Fully reliable a posteriori error control for evolutionary problems
Inverse problems in differential equations
Quenching-rate estimate for a reaction diffusion equation with weakly singular reaction term
Introduction to functional differential equations
Spline collocation for the single layer heat equation
Mathematical control theory of coupled PDEs
Differential equations in SI metric units
Frequency methods in oscillation theory
Integral and functional differential equations : the Conference on Integral..., held June 18-20, 1979, at West Virginia University in Morgantown, West Virginia
Fundamentals of differential equations
Geometric analysis of hyperbolic differential equations : an introduction
Schaum's outlines partial differential equations
Differential equations : a modeling approach
P-adic dynamical systems and van der Put basis technique
The Painlevé handbook
Differential equations : based on Schaum's outline of theory and problems of differential equations, 2nd ed., by Richard Bronson
Studies on boundary values of eigenfunctions on spaces of constant negative curvature
Numerical methods : analysis, algebra, ordinary differential equations
Backward stochastic differential equations
Differential models : an introduction with Mathcad
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of differential equations
Stochastic differential equations
The theory of differential equations : classical and qualitative
On a numerical solution of the Maxwell equations by discrete exterior calculus
Symposium on Complex Differential and Functional Equations : papers from the Symposium in honor of Ilpo Laine's 60th birthday held in Joensuu, October 14-15, 2002
On the numerical solution of PDE on curved surfaces and its application
Delay differential equations : with applications in population dynamics
Inequalities : with applications to engineering
Introduction to ordinary differential equations
On the numerical solution of involutive ordinary differential systems : higher order methods 2
Multiple-time-scale dynamical systems
Partial differential equations : an introduction
A posteriori error control for Maxwell and elliptic type problems
Basic theory of fractional differential equations
Ordinary differential equations with applications
Two implementations of Nédélec's mixed finite elements in R3
Schaum's outline of differential equations
Partial differential equations in mechanics. 2, The biharmonic equation, Poisson's equation
Nonlinear partial differential equations in engineering
Stochastic differential equation methods for spatio-temporal gaussian process regression
Sets of irreducibly implicit equations as solutions of differential equations
Functional analysis and differential equations in abstract spaces
Elementary differential equations with applications
Elements of applied bifurcation theory
Stochastic calculus and differential equations for physics and finance
Summary in Swedish.
This book is devoted to a rapidly developing area on the research of the qualitative theory of fractional differential equations. The tools used include many classical and modern nonlinear analysis methods such as fixed point theory, measure of noncompactness method, topological degree method, the Picard operators technique, critical point theory and semigroups theory.
