http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3564 valves
valves
Analysis of a common rail injector functional performance and dimensional sensitivity
The hydraulic trainer. Volume 2, Proportional and servo valve technology
Spare Part Optimization for W32 Fuel Injection Equipment
Engine failure analysis : internal combustion engine failure and their causes
Handbook of machinery dynamics : edited by Lynn L. Faulkner. Earl Logan, Jr
Cost-effective control for tanker valves
Mobile hydraulic technology : Technology in motion
The purpose of this thesis is to clarify the operating principles of and differences between various kinds of test benches as well as the functionality of their test bulletins. The thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Finland Oy in order to shed light on the use of test benches and bulletins. Sources of information were Wärtsilä`s test bulletins, databases and employees. All practical work for the thesis was carried out at Wärtsilä`s research laboratory in Turku. First, basic information about the Wärtsilä 46 and 50DF diesel engines, fuel injectors and test bulletins is provided. Then, the test benches and testing procedures are described. Finally, the improvements made to the test benches and their properties are illustrated. The thesis was a success. It provides valuable information on the use of various test benches and test bulletins and clarifies several problems that can be encountered during testing.
Point for fuel pulsation measurement
Developments in valves and actuators for fluid control : proceedings of the 3rd international conference (Bournemouth, UK 27-29 March 1990)
Fault simulator and detection for a process control valve
How to develop pump and valve maintenance services of Mercantile KSB Oy Ab
Methods for combining a theoretical and an empirical approach in modelling pressure and flow control valves for CAE-programs for fluid power circuits
Fluid power : theory and applications
Venttiilit : terminologia = Valves : terminology. Osa 2 ,    Venttiilien osien määritelmät = Definition of components  of valves
Fault detection with feature selection : review and numerical study
Pressure equipment directive approval for series L6D butterfly valves
ISA handbook of control valves
Testing of conventional fuel valves with hand-operates and air-driven test devices : W50DF and W46 engines
On the flow and cavitation characteristics of water hydraulic seat valve structures
Design of racing and high-performance engines, 1998-2003 : PT-100
Analysis of the Manufacturing Process and Development of Vavles
Venttiilit : sanasto : standardi = Valves : terminology. Osa = Part 3, Termien määrittely = Definition of terms
Valve selection handbook : engineering fundamentals for selecting manual valves, check valves, pressure relief valves, and rupture discs
Development of hydraulics for boom control
The valve book
Fully variable valve actuation in large bore diesel engines
Slurry handling and pipeline transport. 12, Hydrotransport
Improving the characteristics of the pressure intensifier with integrated control valve
Results flow control : Metso customer magazine for the flow control business
Basic pneumatics : an introduction to industrial compressed air systems and components
Venttiilit : terminologia : standardi = Valves : terminology. Osa = Part 1, Venttiilityyppien määritelmät = Definition of types of valves
Guide to European valves : for control, isolation and safety
Automotive diesel technology : understanding and servicing clean diesel technology
Proportional hydraulics : textbook
Variable valve actuation 2002.
Analysis of failure and maintenance experiences of motor operated valves in a Finnish nuclear power plant
Festo pneumatic : products and systems
"Basic Pneumatics was developed as an introductory text for people who are studying to be maintenance personnel working on production machinery, and for upgrading the knowledge of other factory workers, including machine operators, line mechanics, and newly hired engineers. The book was designed to provide an alternative to the large number of books and manuals on the topic of pneumatics that have a heavy math and theoretical orientation. Basic Pneumatics is designed give a student a firm, hands-on foundation in the fundamentals of pneumatics. It presents a student with the basic competencies required to maintain and troubleshoot most of the pneumatic systems that he or she will encounter on the plant floor"--Back cover.
Remote control of district heating valves : Commissioning of actuator valves with Modbus
How to build & modify cylinder heads, camshafts & valvetrains
Venttiilit : sanasto = Valves : terminology. Osa = Part 3, Termien           määrittely  = Definition of terms
Handbook of valves, piping and pipelines
The shock absorber handbook
Venttiilit : terminologia = Valves : terminology. Osa 1, Venttiilityyppien määritelmät = Definition of types of valves
Variable valvetrain system technology
Generic calculation and reporting tool for safety valve sizing
Minimization of state transition uncertainty in the digital valve system
Flow control manual
Piping materials : selection and applications
Fluid power : the future for hydraulics
Simulating fluid flow in a compressed valve
Wear damage prediction of sliding contacts applied to ball valves
Pipe flow : a practical and comprehensive guide
Venttiilit : sanasto : standardi = Valves : terminology. Osa = Part 3, Termien           määrittely  = Definition of terms
Hydraulics and pneumatics : a technician's and engineer's guide
Valve selection handbook : Engineering fundamentals for selecting the right valve design for every industrial flow application
Control of fluid Power : The Manual
The trombone
The two-stroke cycle engine : its development, operation, and design
Development of the labeling system
Medium speed engine application of a piezo electric actuated fuel injection valve
Hydraulics and pneumatics : a technician ́s and engineer ́s guide
Introduction to engine valvetrains
How to choose camshafts & time them for maximum power
