http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3563 settlement proceedings
settlement proceedings
The Ashgate research companion to religion and conflict resolution
Dispute resolution in the space sector : present status and future prospects
Dispute settlement at the WTO : the developing country experience
Pacta sunt servanda and the different meanings of international commercial conciliation
A comprehensive overview of the latest research in religion and conflict resolution, this collection of twenty three essays brings together leading scholars in the field examining the contribution religious actors have made and are making towards peace and resolving. The Ashgate Research Companion to Religion and Conflict Resolution is primarily aimed at readerships with special interest in conflict resolution, international security, and religion and international relations, and will also serve as a valuable resource for policy makers and conflict resolution practitioners. The collection comprises five thematic sections, each with chapters on vital and mainly contemporary topics in the field of religion and conflict resolution. The principal themes include:*Religious Traditions and Conflict*Key Debates on Religious Conflict Resolution*Religion, International Relations and Security*Religion and Conflict Resolution*The PeacemakersThe Companion combines religious teachings on conflict resolution from the great religions, case studies from around the world, examinations of fundamentalism, peace building, gender, pacifism and religious freedom, together with profiles of Gandhi, Jimmy Carter, Khatami, Pax Christi and Search for Common Ground. The Ashgate Companion to Religion and Conflict Resolution is an accessible and indispensable authoritative handbook on this subject for students, practitioners and academics working in this area.
Dispute settlement in space activities : need for new mechanisms
Arbitration in Finland
Reconciliation : empowering grace
Religion and conflict resolution : Christianity and South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission
Radical reconciliation : beyond political pietism and Christian quietism
The settlement of disputes in international law : institutions and procedures
Dispute resolution under tax treaties
Dispute settlement in the World Trade Organization : practice and procedure
Mediation in family disputes : principles of practice
Settlement in arbitration
This book calls for reconciliation in society that is radical, that goes to the roots. Too many initiatives for reconciliation, fail to remove the weeds of injustice at the roots, and thus stop short of completing the work required. Such political arrangements usually favor the rich and powerful, but deprive the powerless of justice and dignity. This is a form of "political pietism," and when Christians refuse to name this situation for what it is, they are practicing "Christian quietism." True reconciliation is radical. In this book the authors a South African prominent in the struggle against apartheid, and a white U.S. theologian who has served in pastoral roles in multi-racial congregations offer a vision of reconciliation and social justice grounded in the biblical story and their own experience of activism. After re-examining the meaning of reconciliation in the biblical context, the authors examine Jesus' role as a radical reconciler and prophet of social justice. They go on to examine the role of reconciliation in religious communities and in the wider society.
Court annexed mediation : experiences from Denmark
Reconciliation in a world of conflicts
