http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3562 arbitration proceeding
arbitration proceeding
The role of the state in investor-state arbitration
Mediation and criminal justice : victims, offenders and community
On international construction project contracts and dispute resolution in international construction arbitration
The law and practice of commercial arbitration in England
The Transatlantic trade and investment partnership agreement : challenges of investor-state dispute settlement
Reflections on international arbitration and litigation in the International Court of Justice
The practice of arbitration : Essays in honour of Hans van Houtte
Arbitrage commercial : Essais in memoriam Eugenio Minoli = Commercial arbitration : Essays in memoriam Eugenio Minoli
Code of sports-related arbitration : in force as from November 22, 1994 = Code de l'arbitrage en matière de sport : entré en vigueur le 22 novembre 1994
Complex arbitrations : Multiparty, multicontract, multi-issue and class actions
Arbitration law in Europe
Jurisdictional problems in international commercial arbitration : a study of Belgian, Dutch, English, French, Swedish, Swiss, U.S. and West German law
New aspects of international investment law
Evidence in international arbitration proceedings
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 2 : chapters IV-VII
The international arbitral process : public and private. J. Gillis Wetter. Volume 5 : chapters XIV - XVII
A guide to the 2006 amendments to the UNCITRAL model law on international commercial arbitration: legislative history and commentary
Chinese international economic law
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 10, 1986:1
Arbitration law of Sweden : practice and procedure
Western and chinese arbitration : the arbitral chain
The role of the chairman in arbitration
The leading arbitrators' guide to international arbitration
Arbitration in China : rules & perspectives
Multiple party actions in international arbitration
Institutional arbitration : article-by-article commentary
The time and cost factors in finnish institutional arbitration
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 31
Third Party Funding in International Arbitration
International commercial arbitration : a transnational perspective
Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) = Tribunal Arbitral du Sport (TAS)
"Good offices" in the light of Swiss international practice and experience
'Fair and equitable treatment' in international investment law
The healthy award : challenge in international commercial arbitration
Handbook of institutional arbitration in international trade : facts, figures and rules
Thirteen ways of looking at a blackbird: arbitral independence, impartiality and waiver
Law without lawyers, justice without courts : on traditional Chinese mediation
The Iran-United States Claims Tribunal
The 2005 Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements : commentary and documents
Handbook of arbitration practice
Basic skills for the new arbitrator
Comparative arbitration practice and public policy in arbitration
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 9, 1985:2
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 6, 1984:2
A historical, philosophical and legal analysis of Chinese mediation
Multiparty arbitration arising out of a single agreement
International Chamber of Commerce Arbitration
The arbitrator's mandate : a comparative study of relationships in commercial arbitration under the laws of England, Germany, Sweden and Switzerland
Confidentiality in arbitration: a finnish perspective
Pacta sunt servanda and the different meanings of international commercial conciliation
Conciliation and arbitration procedures in labour disputes : a comparative study
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of legal science. Vol. 16, Civil procedure
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 11, 1986:2
Arbitrability : international & comparative perspectives
Compensation and restitution in investor-state arbitration : principles and practice
Valuation of expropriated or nationalized property in international arbitral practice of recent years
Recueil des sentences du TAS 1998-2000 = Digest of CAS awards 1986-1998
Conflict of laws in international arbitration
Transnational litigation and commercial arbitration : an analysis of American, European, and international law
Permanent Court of Arbitration optional rules for arbitrating disputes between two states
Private dispute settlement : cases and materials on arbitration
This carefully structured, practice-orientated textbook provides everything the law student needs to know about international commercial litigation. The strong comparative component provides a thought-provoking international perspective, while at the same time allowing readers to gain unique insights into litigation in English courts. Three important themes of the book analyse how the international element may call into question the power of the court to hear the case, whether it should exercise this power, whether foreign law applies, and whether the court should take into account any foreign judgement. Hartley provides the reader with extracts from leading cases and relevant legislation, together with an extensive reference library of further reading for those who wish to explore the topic in more detail, making this a valuable, single-source textbook. The title will benefit from a companion website, setting out all relevant case law developments for the students.
Role of national laws and courts in international commercial arbitration : from the point of view of current French arbitration law
Lowenfeld on international arbitration : collected essays over three decades
International arbitration in a changing world
The idea of arbitration
Settlement in arbitration
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Chapter 12, Civil procedure : Arbitration
Predictability of proceedings in international commercial arbitration: and is there a nordic way?
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 12, 1986:3
Guide on multi-party arbitration : under the rules of the ICC Court of Arbitration
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 29
Judicial settlement of international disputes : International Court of Justice, other courts and tribunals, arbitration and conciliation : an international symposium
Arbitration in the Soviet Union
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 8, 1985:1
Dispute resolution in Asia
Arbitrage international commercial : manuel mondial = International commercial arbitration : a world handbook. 3
Context over consent : addressing the status of non-signatories in international commercial arbitration
Oxford handbook of international investment law
Arbitration law and practice in the Czech Republic : with regard to the Arbitration Law in Slovakia = Das Schiedsverfahren in der Tschechischen Republik : unter Berücksichtigung der Gesetzlichen Regelung in der Slowakischen Republik
"A breach of fair and equitable treatment is alleged in almost every investor-state dispute. It has therefore become a controversial norm, which touches many questions at the heart of general international law. Roland Klager sheds light on these controversies by exploring the deeper doctrinal foundations of fair and equitable treatment and reviewing its contentious relationship with the international minimum standard. The norm is also discussed in light of the fragmentation of international law, theories of international justice and rational balancing, and the idea of constitutionalism in international law. In this vein, a shift in the way of addressing fair and equitable treatment is proposed by focusing on the process of justificatory reasoning"--
First Conference of the Members of the Court, Peace Palace, The Hague, 10-11 Sept. 1993 = Premiére conférence des members de la Cour, Palais de la Paix, La Haye, 10-11 sept. 1993.
The TTIP, ISDS and the shift towards transparency in investor-state arbitration
UNCITRAL's project for a model law on international commercial arbitration
Papers of the International Academy of Estate and Trust Law
Third party non-signatories an arbitration agreement in international commerce : question of law or factitious theories?
Arbitration law and practice in China
International arbitration: law and practice
Commercial arbitration in the Federal Republic of Germany
New York Convention : convention on the recognition and enforcement of foreign arbitral awards of 10 June 1958 ; commentary
Arbitrators Liability - Especially in Light of a Recent Precedent of the Supreme Court of Finland
WTO litigation, investment arbitration, and commercial arbitration
Current issues in Swedish arbitration
International arbitration in Sweden : a practitioner's guide
The art of advocacy in international arbitration
Arbitration in Spain
International forum selection
International commercial arbitration : American principles and practice in a global context
International commercial litigation : text, cases and materials on private international law
Discovery in international commercial arbitration : A comparative study of the Finnish and American approach in the provision of documentary evidence
Between east and west : essays in honour of Ulf Franke
Commercial arbitration in relations of Soviet FTOs with firms of Capitalist countries
Arbitration with the Arab countries
Chameleons, unruly horses, golden eagles, and sea dragons : The menagerie of public policy exceptions to recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards in the United States and Europe
Collection of ICC arbitral awards 2008-2011 = Recueil des sentences arbitrales de la CCI
Comment on the institution of arbitration proceedings between the Kingdom of the Netherlands and the Russian Federation concerning the case of the ship “Arctic Sunrise”
The market economy and its principles. 2, Arbitration : a factor of the market economy
Rights of the host states within the system of international investment protection
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 4, 1983:3
Explanatory report on the European Convention providing a uniform law on arbitration
Impérialisme et chauvinisme juridiques : rapports présentés au colloque à l'occasion du 20e anniversaire de l'Institut suisse de droit comparé = Imperialism and chauvinism in the law : reports presented to a colloquium on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the Swiss Institute of Comparative Law : Lausanne, 3-4 octobre 2002.
Collection of ICC arbitral awards 1996 - 2000 = Recueil des sentences arbitrales de la CCI
Arbitrator-ordered interim measures of protection in international arbitration
Role of written witness statements in international arbitration : a comparative study of the practice regarding the presentation of witnesses as evidence in the Nordic, German and British civil procedure as well as in international arbitration
Law and practice of international commercial arbitration
International economic law and national autonomy
Arbitration : law, practice and precedents
Arbitration in China : a practitioner's guide
Arbitrage : elements of financial economics
Der komplexe Langzeitvertrag : Strukturen und Internationale Schiedsgerichtsbarkeit = The complex long-term contract : structures and international arbitration
Borders of procedural and substantive law in arbitral proceedings (civil versus common law perspectives)
Arbitration of international business disputes : studies in law and practice
Practical aspects of arbitrating EC competition law
International investment arbitration : substantive principles
Collection of papers of Sino-Finnish Seminar on Access to Justice
Permanent Court of Arbitration optional rules for arbitrating disputes between two parties of which only one is a state
Arbitration : money laundering, corruption and fraud
The jurisprudence of the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal
Does arbitration matter if there is right to strike?
Impartiality and independence of an arbitrator in international commercial arbitration
The European arbitration group
Independence and impartiality of arbitrators
Interaction of arbitration and courts
The power of arbitrators to correct, interpret or supplement awards : some reflections
Illegality of actions of the Russian Federation with regard to the vessel Arctic Sunrise
In a world characterised on the one hand by globalised trade and commerce, and on the other by deteriorating judicial services, arbitration has become the dispute resolution mechanism of choice in cross-border commercial transactions. International arbitration not only paves the way for parties to avoid state courts, it also facilitates the transnational enforceability of awards that are far more effective than the enforceability of state court judgments. The major instrument is the Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (New York Convention) of 10 June 1958, which entered into force one year after. Since then the New York Convention has been ratified by 144 states, including all the important trading nations. For good reason the New York Convention is labelled the Magna Carta of international arbitration. The courts of any contracting state are required 'to give effect to an agreement to arbitrate when seized of an action in a matter covered by an arbitration agreement and also to recognize and enforce awards made in other States, subject to specific limited exceptions' (UNCITRAL). The 16 articles of the Convention are dealt with article-by-article, following a clear structure which swiftly guides the reader to the issue that he or she is engaged with. Given the New York Convention's global relevance, it follows that potential users of the Convention are in need of guidance as to how to apply it. The primary readers of this book will be lawyers seeking (or defending against) recognition and enforcement of foreign arbitral awards worldwide, state court judges applying the Convention in recognition proceedings, and in-house lawyers in large and/or multinational enterprises dealing with transnational dispute resolution.
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 21
Arbitral tribunals and national courts : constant battle or efficient co-operation?
100 years of institutional arbitration in Helsinki
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 4 : chapters XI - XIV
International business transactions : problems, cases, and materials
Consultation within WTO dispute settlement : a Chinese perspective
International arbitration and forum selection agreements : drafting and enforcing
The flame rekindled : new hopes for international arbitration
Confidentiality in arbitration proceedings
International commercial arbitration in Sweden
Guide to the Finnish arbitration rules
The finality of arbitral awards in international investment arbitration
The complete but unofficial guide to the Willem C. Vis international commercial arbitration moot
Investor-state arbitration
Intervention of state courts in finnish arbitration: an overview
Anti-suit injunctions in international arbitration : IAI Seminar, Paris, November 21, 2003
Transnational commercial law : text, cases and materials
Commercial arbitration with forms
International arbitration : three salient problems
Starting with the first substantial body of primary sources, the epics of Homer and Hesiod in the 7th century, and ending with the fall of Egypt to the Romans in 30BC, this volume describes the development of mediation, arbitration and other ways of resolving disputes, other than litigation.
Law and practice of foreign arbitration and enforcement of foreign arbitral awards in Pakistan
Ancient Greek arbitration
CAS Awards - Sydney 2000 : The decisions delivered by the ad hoc Division of the Court of Arbitration for Sport during the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney = Sentences du TAS - Sydney 2000 : les decisions rendues par la Chambre ad hoc du Tribunal Arbitral du Sport pendant les Jeux Olympiques de Sydney 2000
Foreign investment in the energy sector : balancing private and public interests
International commercial arbitration in action : [material from a two-days conference for senior executives and business lawyers, Oslo 18-19. November 1982]
The Iran-United States Claims Tribunal : its contribution to the law of state responsibility
Private law sources and analogies of international law : (with special reference to international arbitration)
Euro-Arab Arbitration III = Arbitrage Euro-Arab III : proceedings of the third Euro-Arab Arbitration Congress, Amman
Approaches to resolving the international documentary letters of credit fraud issue
Mandatory rules in international arbitration
Claims and arbitration in exports of sawngoods from Finland.
"This book contains the edited versions of papers on Mandatory Law in Arbitration delivered at a colloquium on Mandatory Rules of Law in International Arbitration held at Columbia Law School in June 2007 and organized by Professor George A. Bermann of Columbia Law School and Professor Loukas A. Mistelis of the School of International Arbitration, Queen Mary University of London. The chapters collected in this book were first published in Vol. 18, issues 1-2 of the The American Review of International Arbitration after they had been edited and prepared for publication under the direction of Elizabeth H. Cooper, the Managing Editor of the Review"--p. v. & vii
Emergency arbitration
Arbitrator's liability - especially in light of recent  precedent of the Supreme Court of Finland
A guide to the ICC rules of arbitration
Global reflections on international law, commerce and dispute resolution : liber amicorum in honour of Robert Briner
Investment treaty arbitration and public law
Conflict of laws and arbitral discretion : the closest connection test
Judge Manfred Lachs and judicial law-making : opinions on the International Court of Justice, 1967-1993
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 7, 1984:3
The French code of civil procedure in English 2005
Russell on the law of arbitration
Written evidence and discovery in international arbitration : new issues and tendencies
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 3 : chapters VIII-X
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 5, 1984:1
Collection of ICC arbitral awards 2001-2007 = Recueil des sentences arbitrales de la CCI
