http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3571 rodents
rodents
Chinchillas : everything about purchase, care and nutrition
The guide to owning chipmunks and similar species
Siphonaptera of the Lesser Mole Rat (Nannospalax leucodon [Nordmann, 1840]) (Rodentia: Muridae: Spalacinae) from the Western and Central Balkans
Catalogue of Mammalia in the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 2, Rodentia, Ungulata, Proboscidea, Hyracoidea, Carnivora, Cetacea, Sirenia, Marsupialia, Monotremata
The natural history of squirrels
Short-distance movements in the grey-sided vole (Clethrionomys rufocanus)
Anatomy of the rat
Handbook of laboratory animal management and welfare
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Vol. 6, Rodents
Do small rodents reduce vegetation biomass during an outbreak in Northern Norway?
New specimens of Metanoiamys, Pauromys, and Simimys (Rodentia: Myomorpha) from the Uintan (middle Eocene) of San Diego County, California, and comments on the relationships of selected Paleogene Myomorpha
Guide to owning a hamster : accommodations, feeding, breeding, exhibition, health care
Pet owner's guide to the chipmunk
How to care for your degu
Modulatory effects of serotonin on emotional behaviour in rodents : the impact of multiple serotonin receptor subtypes and their regional distributions
Air temperatures in high-latitude regions are anticipated to rise by several degrees by the end of the century and result in substantial northward shifts of species. These changes will likely affect the source and sink dynamics of greenhouse gases and possibly lead to a net carbon release from high-latitude soils to the atmosphere. However, regional differences in carbon cycling depend highly on the vegetation community composition, which may be controlled by the abundance of herbivores. I investigated whether mammalian herbivores, mainly reindeer and rodents, alter ecosystem carbon storage through their impacts on vegetation and on dominant plant functional traits. I combined observations of recent changes in ecosystem carbon with experimental field manipulations of both herbivory and climate change and measured carbon storage in vegetation and soil, the uptake and release of carbon dioxide, microbial activity and compared these to plant community composition.Results of my PhD thesis show that under ambient conditions, the impacts of herbivory on both above- and belowground carbon storage ranged from positive to negative. Herbivory altered dominant plant functional traits and these were fairly good predictors of the changes in soil carbon. When combined with experimental warming, herbivory continued to exert control on the dominant plant functional traits but the strong effects of warming on ecosystem carbon storage mostly concealed the impact of herbivory. Interestingly, herbivory–nutrient interactions that were not linked to dominant functional traits determined the consequences of warming on soil carbon. Taken together, I show clear and site-specific impacts of herbivores on vegetation and ecosystem carbon storage and the processes that govern them. Therefore, I suggest that an improved understanding of the role of herbivory in the global carbon cycle could improve estimations of global carbon–climate feedbacks.
Population cycles : the case for trophic interactions
Rodent pests and their control in the Near East
The effects of fragmented microhabitat and resource distribution on behaviour and survival of the bank vole (Myodes glareolus)
The rat : a guide to selection, housing, care, nutrition, behaviour, health, breeding, species and colours
Pneumocystis carinii in arvicoline rodents : seasonal, interspecific, and geographic differences
Tributes to Malcolm C. McKenna : his students, his legacy
Guide to owning a rat : housing, feeding, taming, training, breeding, health
Spring migration of 1961 in the Norwegian lemming, Lemmus lemmus (L.), at Kilpisjärvi, Finnish Lapland
Long-term variations in plant quality and quantity in relation to cyclic microtine rodents at Kilpisjärvi, Finnish Lapland
Dwarf hamsters : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, and behavior
Is there an association of Pneumocystis infection with the presence of arena-, hanta-, and poxvirus antibodies in wild mice and shrews in Finland?
Reproductive and adrenal functioning in Clethrionomys rufocanus and C. rutilus during one population cycle
The rat
The fauna of India including Pakistan, Burma and Ceylon : Mammalia. Vol. 3, Rodentia
The biology and medicine of rabbits and rodents
The Mid-Tertiary Ctenodactylidae (Rodentia, Mammalia) of eastern and central Asia
Predation risk and competition : stress factors for the field vole (Microtus agrestis) and the sibling vole (M. rossiaemeridionalis)
Observations on the occurrence of Emmonsia crescens Emmons & Jellison in Finland
Rodent pest management in eastern Africa
Guide to owning a Guinea pig : housing, feeding, breeding, exhibition, health care
Dental morphology in Eurasian shrews of the genus Sorex : aspects on taxonomy, evolution and ecology
BSAVA manual of exotic pets : a foundation manual
Anaesthesia of exotic pets
Hamsters A to Z
Reproductive investment under fluctuating predation risk: microtine rodents and small mustelids
Fauna of the USSR : mammals. Key to rodents
Lemmings (Lemmus lemmus) and grey-sided voles (Clethrionomys rufocanus) in interaction with their resources and predators on Finnmarksvidda, northern Norway
The baculum in the wood lemming, Myopus schisticolor (Lilljeb.), in relation to sexual status, size and age
Living with dormice : the common dormouse : real rodent or phantom of the ancient wood?
Phylogenetic relationships of oryzomine rodents (Muroidea, Sigmodontinae) : separate and combined analyses of morphological and molecular data
Ferrets, rabbits, and rodents : clinical medicine and surgery
Hantavirus and arenavirus antibody prevalence in rodents and humans in Trentino, Northern Italy
Birds and small mammals : a pest control manual
Chinchillas : a guide to caring for your chinchilla
Temporal variability and geographical patterns in the population density of microtine rodents : a reply to Xia and Boonstra
Abstract: Problems revelant to the computing of indices showing the dispersal rate of animals are discussed. Formulae for correcting biases (heterogeneity of terrain, and patchy distribution of marking and recapturing) in observed movements are given...
Trappability of rodents in single-capture and multiple capture traps in arid and open environments: Why don't Ugglan traps work?
Ecologically-based management of rodent pests
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Rodents
Causes and geographic patterns of microtine cycles
How to look after your small pets : an owners guide to caring for rabbits, guinea pigs, hamsters, gerbils and jirds, chinchillas, rats, mice and other rodents
Chinchillas : a complete pet owner's manual
Haemogregarines of the genus Hepatozoon (Apicomplexa: Adeleina) in rodents from northern Europe
The role of habitat structural gradients on the distribution of small rodents in the South Brazilian Restinga (Mammalia, Rodentia, Cricetidae)
Seasonality of Ixodes ricinus and Ixodes trianguliceps tick on the bank vole (Myodes glareolus) and on vegetation in Central Finland
Evolution and systematics of the Atlantic Tree Rats, genus Phyllomys (Rodentia, Echimyidae), with description of two new species
Manual of exotic pet practice
Companion animals : their biology, care, health, and management
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries : rodents
Gene conversion of the mouse MHC class II
A new owner's guide to chinchillas
Ecology of cyclic rodents in northern Finland
The guinea pig handbook
The welfare of laboratory animals
A new owner's guide to guinea pigs
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Vol. 5, Rodents
On the dipterous fauna of rodent burrows in northern Lapland
Mini encyclopedia of guinea pigs : breeds & care : a guide to caring for your guinea pig
Chromosome aberrations detected by the flow cytometer based micronucleus assay : studies of rodent erythrocytes after exposure to very low doses of ionizing radiation or to chemicals
The big bad mole's coming!
Hamsterlopaedia : a complete guide to hamster care
Chinchillas  : a guide to caring for your chinchilla
Morphology of the rat brain ventricles, ependyma, and periventricular structures
The complete encyclopedia of rabbits & rodents : comprehensive information on hamsters, mice, rats, gerbils, and guinea pigs : also including less well-known pets, such as ferrets and chincillas
Karyoptypes of certain small mammals (Insectivora, Rodentia) from Macedonia = Kariotipi nekaterih malih sesalcev (Insectivora, Rodentia) Makedonije
The effect of water voles (Arvicola terrestris) on abundances of smaller mammals at experimentally manipulated predator densities
Herbivory control over tundra carbon storage under climate change
The guide to owning a gerbil
Transfer and toxicity of some drugs and chemicals in the olfactory mucosa and bulb
Interactions between small mustelids and voles in Fennoscandia
Summary.
Encyclopedia of pets & pet care : the essential family reference guide to pet breeds and pet care
Anesthesia and analgesia  : for veterinary technicians
Population and range effects of rodents on the sand sagebrush grasslands of western Oklahoma
The ultimate encyclopedia of small pets and petcare : the essential family reference guide to caring for the most popular pet species and breeds, including small mammals, birds, herptiles, invertebrates, and fish
Simulation and forecasting of oscillations in numbers of Clethrionomys rufocanus
On the aggressive behaviour of the Norwegian lemming (Lemmus lemmus), with special reference to the sounds produced
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. 7, Rodents
Pathology of laboratory rodents and rabbits
Guide to owning a chinchilla : housing, feeding, taming, showing, breeding
Gerbils : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, diseases, breeding, and behavior : with 33 color photographs
microRNAs in adult rodent liver are refractory to dioxin treatment
FERRETS IN YOUR HOME
Exotics and wildlife : a manual of veterinary nursing care
Rat : a guide to selection, housing, care, nutrition, behaviour, health, breeding, species and colours
Nutrition and behavior of uncommon species
The developmental basis for the evolution of muroid dentition : analysis of gene expression patterns and tooth morphogenesis in the mouse and sibling vole
Community dynamics of small mammals in mature and logged Atlantic white cedar swamps of the New Jersey Pine Barrens
Rodents and rice : report and proceedings of an expert panel meeting on rice rodent control, Los Banos, Sept. 10-14, 1990
An annotated bibliography on rodent research in Latin America, 1960-1985
Training your pet rat
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 5, Rodent ecology. Applied theriology. Insectivores. Bats
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Vol. 4, Rodents
A manual for laboratory animal management
Neurotrophic factors in rodent heart : from development to pathophysiology
Trypanosome parasites in the invading Rattus rattus and endemic rodents in Madagascar
Diseases of small domestic rodents
Interspecific competition between small rodents in subarctic and boreal ecosystems
Temperature regulation on laboratory rodents
Systematic studies of oryzomyine rodents (Muridae, Sigmodontinae) : diagnoses and distributions of species formerly assigned to Oryzomys "capito"
Short-term rhythm of locomotor activity within the 24 hr. period in the Norwegian lemmin, Lemmus lemmus, and water vole, Arvicola terrestris
BSAVA manual of rodents and ferrets
Clinical laboratory animal medicine : an introduction
Characterization and ecology of Pneumocystis carinii infection in wild small mammals
Human and environmental exposure scenarios for rodenticides : focus on the Nordic countries
A case of reduplication of the hind leg in the wood lemming Myopus schisticolor (Lillj.)
Atlas of the mouse brain and spinal cord
The Oligocene rodents of North America
Handbook of rodent and rabbit medicine
Orthopoxviruses in Finnish and Buryatian wild rodents
Voles, mice and lemmings : problems in population dynamics
The 13th Rodens et Spatium Conference : abstracts
A natural history of domesticated mammals
Genetic analysis of hantaviruses carried by Myodes and Microtus rodents in Buryatia
Pathology of laboratory rodents & rabbits
The diet board : a novel method of dietary restriction for laboratory rats
Is the indirect predator effect a special case of generalized reactions to density-related disturbances in cyclic rodent populations?
Rodent pests and their control
Do lemmings commit suicide? : beautiful hypotheses and ugly facts
House guests house pests : a natural history of animals in the home
