http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3575 tutors
tutors
Circle of sound : voice education : a contemplative approach to singing through meditation, movement and vocalization
Teaching and learning : the essential readings
Private tutoring—supplementary, out-of-school instruction offered at a fee to individuals or groups—represents a substantial household expenditure, even in systems that claim to have free public education. It plays out across, alongside, and even within some school systems. Emerging as a ‘shadow education’, private tutoring now operates as a system and industry crossing national, regional, and social-class boundaries. Private tutoring is provided through different modes of delivery including the internet. Policy makers, parents, teachers, trade unions, corporations, community associations, and students are implicated in the private tutoring industry. The debates over private tutoring are therefore part of the larger struggles over the ends of education in just and equitable societies. The authors in this volume address diverse national settings of private tutoring across the Mediterranean, and examine its political, economic, social, and cultural underpinnings. They draw on a range of conceptual frameworks, and deploy a variety of research methods to problematize the multifaceted relationships between tutoring, learning, and equity. The volume captures a multiplicity of voices, and focuses on some of the central challenges facing education in pluralistic societies.
70 activities for tutor groups
Teacher as researcher : pictures and perspectives of teacher professionalism
Developing inquiry for learning : reflecting collaborative ways to learn how to learn in higher education
Peer tutoring in group : a guide for a peer tutor
Small group teaching : tutorials, seminars and beyond
Tracing the roles of the PBL tutor : A journey of learning
Running your tutor group
Adverse effects of private supplementary tutoring : dimensions, implications and government responses
The Allyn and Bacon guide to peer tutoring
500 tips for tutors
Teaching, learning and study skills
"This book presents international practices in the development and use of applied e-Learning and e-Teaching in the classroom in order to enhance student experience, add value to teaching practices, and illuminate best practices in the area of e-Assessment. This book provides insight into e-Learning and e-Teaching practices while exploring the roles of academic staff in adoption and application"--Provided by publisher.
Library instruction : a peer tutoring model
Re-designing learning contexts : technology-rich, learner-centred ecologies
The tutoring revolution : applying research for best practices, policy implications, and student achievement
The process of creating and implementing a tutor’s guide for international degree student tutors of HAAGA-HELIA Student Union HELGA
Developing practical training process : case: international business-programme of Jyväskylä University Of Applied Sciences
What's the point in discussion
Abstract: Scaffolding of collaborative decision-making on environmental dilemmas.
The design of instruction and evaluation : affordances of using media and technology
Developing practical training process : case International business -programme of Jyväskylä University Of Applied Sciences
Peer tutorial instruction
Approaches for analysing tutor's role in a networked inquiry discourse
Peer tutoring: learning by teaching : proceedings of the conference held 19-21 August 1993.
One-on-one language teaching and learning : theory and practice
Learning together : peer tutoring in higher education
Integration of short-term foreign exchange students at Tampere  College
Pastoral care - a training manual
Devil's own
Scaffolding of collaborative decision-making on environmental dilemmas
The education of the average child
Managing the pressures in teaching : practical ideas for tutors and their students
The process of creating and implementing tutor's guide for international degree student tutors of HAAGA-HELIA Studen Union HELGA
Problem-based learning online
Guide for student tutors
The enquiring tutor : exploring the process of professional learning
Tell me how it reads : tutoring deaf and hearing students in the writing center
IMPROVING INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS DEGREE STUDENTS’ TUTOR SERVICE SYSTEM IN KYUAS
Private Tutoring Across the Mediterranean : Power Dynamics and Implications for Learning and Equity
Problem-based learning : a research perspective on learning interactions
TTnet dossier. 2, The role of the tutor from Community perspective
Stategic analysis of Häme Polytechnic's student tutoring organization
Scaffolding student learning : instructional approaches and issues
Peer learning in higher education : learning from & with each other
Tutoring in organisation : the tutor's role in the vocational teacher training
Supporting effective learning
Technology and problem-based learning
Peer-assisted learning
Open and distance learning and the professionalisation of trainers
"From the perspective of the tutor, teaching a language one-to-one is not just one more way of doing what classroom teachers do. With only one learner, it is possible to give serious attention to principles of second language acquisition such as motivation, error treatment, and learner autonomy, which are more difficult to address in classroom learning. One-on-One Language Teaching and Learning brings together a strong theoretical framework with practical suggestions and actual experiences of language learners and tutors from around the world. It applies research in the field of language acquisition and teaching to issues like building a strong tutor-student relationship, working with multilingual learners, and learning various skills and strategies. The book will be valuable for tutors of many languages, not only English, as well as learners who wants to take a more active role in one-on-one learning"--
Whose learning?
High school peer tutor training : innovative approach to learn and empower skills for future health choices
Tutors as mediators of exchange student experiences : evaluation of the interantional student tutor system at the University of Turku
Tracing the roles of the PBL tutor : a journey of learning
Assessing students' written work : marking essays and reports
Applied e-learning and e-teaching in higher education
Evaluation report of the online course : online tutoring
The inheritance of loss
History of a pleasure seeker
Student Union HELGA is a statutory part of HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and among its other duties it implements tutoring activity. The meaning of tutoring is to help new students adapt into a new studying environment, familiarize into the habits and practices of HAAGA-HELIA and to create a pleasant studying community. In addition to adapting to the new studying environment, the international   degree students usually need to adapt into a new country and culture. Therefore the tutors of the international degree programmes need to strive to support this adaptation   process.   The goal of this study is to produce a tutor's guide for the HELGA international degree student tutors. The guide is a useful tool in daily tutoring activity and helps the   tutors support the adaptation process of the new international degree students.   The HAAGA-HELIA and HELGA organization structure, environment and special features and needs are familiarized in the study from the perspective of tutoring. To support the creation process of the tutor's guide the study handles the most important elements in theory, including benchmarking as a process of creating a written product, elements of adaptation to a new culture and some grouping theories, and different kinds of methods for improving the readability of a guidebook.   For creating and implementing a tutor's guide the most important elements turned out to be benchmarking, the structure of the annual calendar, adaptation and grouping   methods and different means of improving readability. The study benchmarks other tutor's guides used in Finnish universities of applied sciences to get the best practices   to be used in the HELGA tutor's guide. Different kinds of adaptation and grouping methods are included in the guidebook and the structure is based on the theme of easy reading.   The outcome of this thesis is the first HELGA tutor's guide. This guide serves especially the needs of the international degree student tutors. The guidebook was made into an easily modifiable format so that it can live and develop with the rapidly changing environment.
"Developing Inquiry for Learning shows how university tutors can help students to improve their abilities to learn and to become professional inquirers. The number of students participating in Higher Education increases every year, along with the assumption that learning is a relatively passive process. University tutors need to have the tools to be able to respond to a modern teaching environment that demands a diverse spectrum of skills. They must be able to help students become collaborative learners and independently motivated rather than subsisting on a spoon-fed approach. In the innovative and practically proven approach developed by the authors of this book, students are guided to implement action research into their learning practices and reflections. Using a rolling programme of cyclical inquiries and whole group 'conferences' on improving learning, students write 'patches' on learning development which are then shared across the year group online. Each student's cumulative set of patches, together with their regular reflective writing, provide the basis for assembling a composite final assignment, a 'patchwork text', for assessment. This style of curriculum and assessment organization encourages regular peer feedback and formative assessment, as part of the whole module process. This is a dynamic approach which builds personal confidence within students both as learners and as professionals. Providing teaching materials and examples of students' responses, including the use of Blogs, Wikis and Discussion Boards, Developing Inquiry for Learning analyses and theorises on the deeper characteristics of the difficulties being addressed"-- Provided by publisher.
Ethics in clinical nursing supervision : an analysis of fundamental ethical issues of the influence of clinical nursing supervision, with special reference to ethical decision making
Cognitive perspectives on peer learning
The tutorial system and its future
Understanding problem-based learning
Clinical supervision and mentorship in nursing
"In a crumbling, isolated house at the foot of Mount Kanchenjunga in the Himalayas lives an embittered judge who wants only to retire in peace, when his orphaned granddaughter, Sai, arrives on his doorstep. The judge's cook watches over her distractedly, for his thoughts are often on his son, Biju, who is hopscotching from one gritty New York restaurant to another. Kiran Desai's brilliant novel, published to huge acclaim, is a story of joy and despair. Her characters face numerous choices that majestically illuminate the consequences of colonialism as it collides with the modern world." -- (Back Cover)
Staying or leaving the course : non-completion and retention of mature students in further and higher education
Foundations of problem-based learning
Letters to a tutor : the Tennyson family letters to Henry Graham Dakyns (1861-1911), with the Audrey Tennyson death-bed diary
PBL in context : bridging work and education
International tutor's handbook
