http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3574 money (means of payment)
money (means of payment)
Virtual billions : the genius, the drug lord, and the Ivy League twins behind the rise of bitcoin
A history of gold and money, 1450-1920
The demand for money in Finland : the long run and the short run
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
Russian Monetary Policy Since January 1992
This paper briefly examines the exchange rate arrangements of several of Eastern Europe's transition economies.Generally speaking, countries that have included some form of fixed exchange rate regime in their stabilization packages have been more successful in curbing inflation, and consequently reviving output. Further, while a fixed exchange rate is no panacea for economic problems, it can act as a credible nominal anchor in a comprehensive reform package.Such credibility, however, is contingent on the government's ability to implement a balanced budget. As transition progresses, fixed exchange rate regimes eventually become outmoded as they lack some of the flexibility and potency in conducting monetary policy central banks may require as the economy grows.To date, even the most advanced of the transition countries have balked at making this switch.A possible explanation may simply be inertia from past success of fixed exchange rates in reducing inflation and enhancing the credibility of such central banks. .
What money wants : an economy of desire
Investment euphoria and money madness : the inner workings of the psychology of investing, for financial advisors and the clients
The ultimate depression survival guide : protect your savings, boost your income, and grow wealthy even in the worst of times
The secret of Pembrooke Park
On the nature of the monetary mechanism
Money : lectures on the basis of general equilibrium theory and the economics of institutions
Banking and monetary policy in Eastern Europe
I will teach you to be rich
On offsetting capital flows and the monetary autonomy of a small open economy
Monetary theory and monetary policy in the 1970s : proceedings of the 1970 Sheffield Money Seminar
The great Gatsby
A short history of socialist money
The financial crisis changed the instruments but not the objectives of monetary policy
Studies on decision making under risk in the context of gambling markets
Weaker-than-expected developments in the global economy would erode Finland's export-driven growth. On the other hand, a more prolonged period of low commodity prices and the positive effects of accommodative monetary policy on the real economy could provide a further boost to growth. In Finland, the necessary consolidation measures will reduce domestic demand over the short term but may support growth over the longer term..
How can we simultaneously maintain both price stability and financial stability in the euro area?
How would you like to pay? : how technology is changing the future of money
International financial operations : arbitrage, hedging, speculation, financing and investment
Monopoly, money, and you : how to profit from the game's secrets of success
The meaning of money in China and the United States : the 1986 Lewis Henry Morgan lectures
EMU and the international monetary system : proceedings of a conference held in Washington DC on March 17-18, 1997, cosponsored by the Fondation Camille Gutt and the IMF
China's inflationary pressures and their impact on inflation in euro area
The effects of the Eurosystem's expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) are already visible on the financial markets. The achievements of the programme are, however, only intermediate goals from a central bank perspective, through which the effects of the programme can work through to the real economy and prices. To a small open economy such as Finland, the effects of the programme are transmitted particularly via lower market interest rates and a weaker exchange rate. According to calculations conducted at the Bank of Finland, the EAPP will stimulate Finland's GDP growth by 0.2 of a percentage point and inflation by 0.3 of a percentage point in 2015..
The money code : improve your entire financial life right now
"In Regency-era England, secrets come to light at the abandoned manor house Pembrooke Park. Will Abigail find the hidden treasure and love she seeks...or very real danger?"--
Breaking the money barriers
The sociology of money : economics, reason and contemporary society
Selected essays in monetary economics
Payoff : the hidden logic that shapes our motivations
The social meaning of money
Mobile money transfer: A focus on the impact and usage
Fulbright Finland news
Euro area set to recover
Crowdfunding for a Novelty Product : Case Study: Goodio Cools
The first global financial crisis of the 21st century
How the City Really Works: the definitive guide to money and investing in London's Square Mile
The summons
Our money, ourselves : redesigning your relationsihips with money : a self-help guide
Remittance Market of Finland: Case Study of Personal Remittance Transmission
Money and political economy in the Enlightenment
Madoff with the money
Money and finance : readings in theory, policy and institutions
Studies in the general equilibrium theory of money and transaction costs
Introducing New Currencies in the Baltic Countries
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2006 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
How to make money in stocks: a winning system in good times or bad
Cryptocurrency : the future of money
The demand for money : some theoretical and empirical results
Crowdfunding as a Customer Engagement Channel
Monetary policy in the euro area has been highly accommodative in recent years. The accommodative stance has also been reflected in banks' lending rates. The transmission of monetary policy has become more effective, following the strengthening of the euro area banking system and the improvement in banks' capital adequacy from previous years.
Central banks have acted forcefully to provide monetary accommodation. With little room for manoeuvre for standard interest rate policy, unconventional measures have been adopted. Committing to monetary accommodation gains importance as interest rates go down and inflation expectations increasingly deviate from the target; the expectations channel of monetary policy transmission becomes key when the aim is to raise inflation expectations and improve confidence. One example of the new monetary policy instruments is the Eurosystem's expanded asset purchase programme, which demonstrates the determination of the Governing Council to return price developments to a path in line with its price stability objective..
E-business as a distributional strategy : case: Veikkaus Oy
The lost continent : the BBC's Europe editor on Europe's darkest hour since World War Two
The little money Bible : ten laws of abundance
The moneyless man
Investment funds : Annual Review
Civvy Street
Dynamic money-in-the-utility-function model under monetary and technology shocks
European monetary union : the way forward
On money
Money and power in the Roman Republic
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
The veil of money
Abstract: The constitutional decision-making to join European Economic and Monetary Union.
Predicting the Fed's target rate decisions
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
The philosophy of money
Seigniorage in the EC : the implications of the EMS and financial market integration
The melody lingers on : a novel
Modeling work on Estonian data indicates that external financing of the private sector has strong impact on domestic demand, which implies that valuable insights may be gained in this case from understanding the behavioral relationships in the monetary sector. The current paper provides a theoretical analysis of the monetary sector under a currency board regime and applies specification tests to Estonian data.As a final product, empirical equations for average lending rate, loans provided to the private sector and money demand are estimated.While estimations herein use monthly data, quarterly modifications of the model will be inserted into Eesti Pank's quarterly macromodel in the future. Key words: currency board, economic modelling, bank lending, capital flows, Estonia .
A handbook of financial mathematics
Keep the aspidistra flying
A history of money
Happy money : the new science of smarter spending
Theory of money
Estonia and EMU prospects
Operating since 1993, Estonia's budding money market today boasts a fairly sophisticated interbank money market.Its non-interbank money market also continues to develop rapidly; in coming years short-term money flows between enterprises will increase as Estonia's enterprise sector grows.Estonia's money market is tiny in comparison to major money markets, and standard instruments such as T-bills are not used at all.Even so, Estonia's money market is, by far, the most developed in the Baltic region.Given the present high growth in Estonian banking and industry, turnover in the Estonian money market can well be expected to grow and further integrate itself with global money markets.  Keywords:Money market, Estonia .
This paper assesses empirically the lag between changes in money supply and inflation in Russia during the economic transition.In line with the previous literature, we find that money supply changes affect inflation with a fairly short lag.In addition to this, we find tentative evidence for some lengthening of the lag as the transition has progressed.However, these results are not very robust, and the lags that are found to be significant are generally shorter than those found in the earlier literature. Keywords: Inflation, monetary policy, Russia .
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
THE PHENOMENON “MONEY LAUNDERING” : Whose money is dirty and what are the effects?
All about money
Digital cash : commerce on the net
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
Money magic : seven simple steps to true financial freedom
The no-nonsense guide to global finance
How sure are we about PPP? : panel evidence with the null of stationary real exchange rates
Identifying monetary policy shocks via changes in volatility
Grant information for researchers
The believers : how America fell for Bernard Madoff's $65 billion scam
Inflation in Estonia : The effect of transition
The night the rich men burned
The euro : the battle for the new global currency
"Monetarism" and monetary policy in Russia
An outline of money
Utopia for realists : and how we can get there
The theory of money and credit
Welcome to the future cloud : mobile people, green profit & happy countries
Londongrad : from Russia with cash the inside story of the oligarchs
Liquidity shocks in the eurosystem interbank market
The cashless society EFTS at the crossroads
Presents the author's six-week personal finance program for adults ages 20-35. Integrated with his website, where readers can use interactive charts, follow up on the latest information, and join the community, it is a hip blueprint to building wealth and financial security.
Finland benefits from Eurosystem's securities purchases
Stability of the demand for M1 and harmonized M3 in Finland
Recovery hinges on export markets
Euro area inflation has long been below the European Central Bank's objective for price stability and has continued to slow in recent months. This has given rise to heightened concerns that the euro area could soon be facing a prolonged period of deflation, as recently in Japan. The case of the United States shows, however, that the Japanese experience can be avoided. The key would seem to be the anchoring of inflation expectations. In the euro area, new measures of monetary accommodation have contributed to reducing the risk of Japanese-style deflation.
Money and the balance of payments
Fiat exchange in finite economies
Countercyclical macroprudential policy is to be strengthened in the euro area. The European Central Bank will be assuming new macroprudential powers, as single banking supervision commences in autumn 2014 and the countercyclical buffer requirement is due to be introduced in all euro area countries no later than the beginning of 2016. Even so, a significant part of euro area macroprudential policy will continue in the future to be the responsibility of national authorities. In the operating environment of the single monetary policy, euro area Member States will be able to support their own and the area's economic stability and to improve the financial system's resilience to crises through pursuing robust national macroprudential policies..
We won the lottery : real life winner stories
Federal reserve monetary policy 1917-1933
The structure of monetarism
The international monetary system and the less developed countries
Monetary bulletin
Monetary Overhang, Inflation and Stabilization in the  Economies in Transition
Since regaining independence, Estonian has carried out its economic and political reforms with dispatch and determination.Estonia has now succesfully completed primary tasks faced by most transition countries, ie. trade liberalization, macroeconomic stabilization, privatization, monetary reform, strengthening of financial sector etc.One of the main challanges presently facing Estonia is the EU membership.If Estonia intends to become a member of the EU in the years ahead, EMU will comprise the framework of development also for the Estonian economy.What then are the implications of EMU memberhip for Estonia ?Benefits include elimination of currency transaction costs, reduction of costs of hedging against exchange rate risk, increased competition due to price transparency, increased foreign trade, elimination of problems related to fluctuating exchange rates, low inflation, and benefits related to increased international role of the common European currency euro. Costs related the EMU and a common currency depend on the structure of Estonia's economy vis a vis other European economies.In general, if EMU member states have similar economic structures and economic problems, then the costs will be low, because a common EMU economic policy suit every country's individual needs.If this is not the case, then the costs of a common currency will be high.  Estonia's participation in euro area requires a fulfilment of the Maastricht convergnece criteria on interest rate, exchange rate, price stability as well as public debt.In respect of the government deficit and debt, succesfull economic reform and accompanying economic growth have created a situation wherein Estonia's debt burden is relatively small and the Estonian government can easily borrow money from international markets. Regarding to price stability, inflation rate in Estonia is still considerably above the level of Western European countries.Also, long-term interest rates still exceed the reference value of the EMU criterion.Finally, the criterion of exchange rate stability can be considered to be essentially fulfilled in Estonia because the kroon has already for five years been pegged to the Deutschemark, one of the most stable currencies in Europe.  If Estonia remains outside the official euro area after accession, the EMU will still have an enormous impact on its economic and monetary policies.For Estonia, as well as for all new member states, the pursuit of strict macroeconomic and fiscal policies is of essential importance.  Keywords:Estonia, EMU, EU, integration, enlargement, monetary policy .
Monetary economics : policy and its theoretical basis
The book of money : everything you need to know about how world finances work
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2009 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2009.
This article examines the link between population ageing and monetary policy transmission in Finland from the perspective of consumption behaviour and the macro economy. We estimate the consumption functions of Finnish households in various age groups, using household-specific data. If consumption in the younger cohorts is more sensitive to changes in income and interest rates than consumption in the older, growth in the population share of the elderly will decrease the economic impact of changes in the key monetary policy interest rate. The effect of ageing on consumption is estimated by taking into consideration the age variation of household margins. Finally, we describe the effect of demographics on monetary policy transmission, using a general equilibrium model of the Finnish economy. The examinations are based on wealth and income distribution data from Statistics Finland..
Frameworks for event fundraising in Alberta, Canada
Remaking the international monetary system : The Rio agreementand beyond
The legal aspect of money : with special reference to comparative private and public international law
Study of electronic payment systems in online businesses
Financial cycles, monetary policy and macroprudential policy in the euro area
What is money?
Critical essays in monetary theory
Money and modernity : state and local currencies in Melanesia
Money, the financial system, and the economy
Good people : a novel
Money and exchange in Europe and America, 1600-1775 : a handbook
Feng Shui : dicover money, health and love
A few observations on the monetary and exchange rate policies  of transition economies
The international transmission of monetary policy in a dollar pricing model
Practical prosperity magick : crafting success & abundance
A survey of primitive money : the beginning of currency
Money and the mechanism of exchange
The state and the monetary system
Adaptive learning and monetary policy design
Money in the western legal tradition : Middle Ages to Bretton Woods
Money and the space economy
Techniques of monetary control
The business of banking : an introduction to the modern financial services industry
The essence of international money
How to prosper in hard times : blueprints for abundance by the greatest motivational teachers of all time
A practical guide for doing small non-profit project
Class in Jane Austen's novels
The Eurosystem currently implements monetary policy in circumstances that are very different from those of the early years of the financial and debt crisis. The Governing Council of the ECB has pursued an accommodative monetary policy and lowered the central bank's policy rates close to zero, meaning that the scope for lowering the expected real interest rate by deployment of traditional monetary policy instruments is now limited. Inflation expectations that are lower than the Eurosystem's objective of price stability raise the real interest rate. This article looks at the non-standard monetary policy instruments with which, despite the zero lower bound, the Eurosystem has been able to steer market interest rates and strengthen expectations of a continuation of the accommodative monetary policy stance..
The story of money : from bartering to bail-out
Lady Vernon and her daughter : a novel of Jane Austen's Lady Susan
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
Interest and inflation free money : creating and exchange medium that works for everybody and protects the earth
Coined : the rich life of money and how its history has shaped us
Financial sector reforms in Pakistan and a test for McKinnon and Shaw's transmission mechanism: 'Lessons from the last decade'
This paper treats inflation in Estonia during a period of dramatic change.In the course of this period both the nature and features of inflation have changed considerably. Starting in the mid-1980s, the development of the Estonian economy can be divided into two periods. During the first period the command economy was transformed into a postsocialist economy.The latter period was marked by the abolition of centralization and direct control, which are typical of the command economy. The difference between these periods is most clearly seen on the microeconomic level and is connected with the importance of market signals in determining the behaviour of economic agents. During the first period, i.e. from 1985 to 1992, nonmarket forces determined this behaviour.The market, or at least the initial conditions for a market were functioning, but market signals were not for the most part taken into account.In reality the command economy was reformed without a qualitative change in the economic system. The second period, which began in 1992 in connection with the monetary reform, include the qualitative change from a command economy to a market economy.The reforms that have taken place during the second period are making market signals the main impetus for the economic agents' behaviour. The nature of inflation has been different in the two periods. In the period of the post-socialist economy, inflation was a phenomenon that accompanied the liberalization of a command economy. .
Angel secrets : transform your life with guidance from your angels
Money and Banking Statistics : annual review
Canadian money and banking
Monetary economics
Power and money : a Marxist theory of bureaucracy
Japan's inflation expectations as a measure of the success of Abenomics
Monetary policy supports euro area recovery from the crisis
The economics of money, banking, and financial markets : study guide
The short and variable lags of Russian monetary policy
Crowdfunding as a customer engagement channel
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
Socialist banking and monetary control : the experience of Poland
Inflation and the theory of money
Money circulation in antiquity, the Middle Ages and modern times : time, range, intensity : International Symposium of the 50th anniversary of Wiadomości Numizmatyczne, Warsaw, 13 - 14 October 2006 = Obieg monetarny w staroċzytności w średniowieczu i w czasach nowożytnych : czas, zasięg, intensywność : Międzynarodowe sympozjum z okazji półwiecza "Wiadomości Numizmatycznych", Warszawa, 13-14 października 2006
Jealousy and monetary policy
China was able to combine slow inflation with very rapid economic growth for more than a decade. Finally, in 2007 inflation started to accelerate and there are a number of factors that may increase the pressure on China's price level in the near future. Most importantly, money supply growth is expected to remain rapid due to the ballooning foreign currency inflows. In addition, according to some estimates, economic growth has accelereated above its long-term potential and also a number of structural factors are likely to push production costs up. Counterbalancing part of the rising costs, productivity growth has somewhat accelerated during recent years. With low cost levels and fastly growing exports, China is believed to have exported deflation into its trading partners in recent years. However, due to the fact that the direct impacts of globalisation on inflation in the advanced economies have been moderate, also the effect of a possible rise in China's cost leve!  l on inflation in eg euro area is expected to remain small. However, the indirect impacts on price dynamics are much more difficult to forecast.  Keywords: China, inflation, monetary policy .
The king's shopping
The natural rate of interest is the real interest rate that brings the economy into equilibrium and would prevail if the output of the economy were at its potential level, i.e. in a situation where the economy is neither in an upswing nor in a downswing. The equilibrium would lead to stable inflation over the long term. During the last 10 years, the natural rate of interest in the advanced economies is estimated to have declined substantially. This not only affects the assessment of current monetary policy but also the future challenges facing monetary policy. However, estimates of the level of the natural rate of interest are very uncertain, which hampers the use of this interest rate as a monetary policy guide..
The greatest investment advisor of the twentieth century, Benjamin Graham taught and inspired people worldwide. Graham's philosophy of "value investing" -- which shields investors from substantial error and teaches them to develop long-term strategies -- has made The Intelligent Investor the stock market bible ever since its original publication in 1949. The classic text has been annotated to update Graham's timeless wisdom for today's market conditions.
Dollarization and monetary policy in Russia
The ultimate guide to bitcoins
The lovely horrible stuff
Peace and plenty : finding your path to financial serenity
Monetary policy : ends and means
Money, information and uncertainty
Chambers adult learners' guide to numeracy: improve your number skills
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
Good money : Birmingham button makers, the Royal Mint, and the beginnings of modern coinage, 1775-1821
Money, power and space
Visual Guide to Financial Markets
Cybercash : the coming era of electronic money
The law and practice of the stock exchange with appendices : containing the Rules and Regulations Annotated, and forms of instruments accompanying a mortgage of securities
Informal funds transfer systems : an analysis of the informal Hawala system
Electronic money trends : user's perspective
The operating environment for monetary policy has changed: the euro area macroprudential system - or macroprudential framework -for dampening country and sector-specific overheating is now stronger than before the financial crisis. The new system is, however, not yet complete, which increases the need to contribute to the maintenance of financial stability also via monetary policy measures. Even if the macroprudential system were stronger than it currently is, it is very difficult to fully prevent the possibly unfavourable side-effects of an exceptionally accommodative monetary policy. In the current situation, however, the strengthening of economic growth via monetary policy measures does also support financial stability.
Automated trading software for Foreign Exchange
Finland is greying - will this diminish the effectiveness of monetary policy?
The story of money
A market theory of money
The controversy over the quantity theory of money : ed. with an introd. by Edwin Dean
Consumer India : inside the Indian mind and wallet
Economic impact of museums
Think and grow rich
Modelling of structural changes in demand for money cointegration relations
The intelligent investor : a book of practical counsel
Structure of electronic cash business
Implementation of monetary policy at the zero lower bound and below
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking
Ethics, money and sport : this sporting mammon
Modern monetary theory
Money : the unauthorised biography
Structural reforms and stabilization policies in the euro area
Money
Frozen desire : the meaning of money
The mystery of banking
A statistical comparison of alternative identification schemes for monetary policy shocks
Design implications for digital scratch-card games
Issues in monetary economics : proceedings of the 1972 Money Study Group Conference
Fulbright Center news
Econometric studies of public support to entrepreneurship
Aging in a currency union with endogenous growth
The economics of money, banking, and financial markets
The money launderers : lessons from the drug wars - how billions of illegal dollars are washed through banks and businesses
A collector's guide to paper money
What a wonderful world : one man's attempt to explain the big stuff
How rich people think
Stuff matters : genius, risk and the secret of capitalism
The role of money in development : the influence money supply and different forms of money have in the development of the Third World countries
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
Cash, savings and all that stuff : a guide to money and how to manage it
Money in a theory of finance
The counterfeit madam : a Gil Cunningham murder mystery
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Wallace D. Wattles' the science of getting rich : a modern-day interpretation of a personal finance classic
The currency of justice : Fines and damages in consumer societes
Study guide and workbook to accompany : Frederic S. Mishkin, The economics of money, banking, and financial markets, fifth edition
Socio-cultural contexts of gambling : a comparative study of Finland and France
The essentials of macroeconomics II
This study assesses the causes of dollarization in Russia. Dollarization is defined here as the use of foreign currency both as a medium of exchange and store of value.  According to different estimates, the current degree of dollarization of the Russian economy is 40-50 per cent.Inquiry into sources and mechanisms of dollarization in Russia reveals the main factors influencing its evolution - dynamics of inflation and the dollar exchange rate, as well as the uncertainty level of money and credit policy.  The model of dollarization assessing the influence of key parameters of macroeconomic policy - inflation, exchange and interest rates - on dynamics of dollarization is created in the paper.Main conclusions and relationships of the model are tested on Russian data.Implications of obtained results for macroeconomic policy in Russia are discussed.  Keywords:dollarization, monetary policy, models, Russia .
Marriage money : the social shaping of money in marriage and banking
Currency risk and the corporation
The monetary sector under a currency board arrangement / Specification and estimation of a model with Estonian  data
Bitcoin as a future currency
Suomen rahapaja : lyhyt silmäys sen toimintaan vuosina 1864-1924 : kort återblick på dess verksamhet åren 1864-1924 = The Finnish mint : a short retrospect of its work 1864-1924 = Myntverket i Finland
The scourge of monetarism
The Oxford book of money
Foundations of the Australian monetary system 1788-1851
Organizing the world's money : the political economy of international monetary relations
Matters of the heart
The natural rate of interest : a useful but uncertain indicator for the economy
Trading for a living: psychology, trading tactics, money management
Why are euro area loans to non-financial corporations growing so slowly?
Money as God? : the monetization of the market and its impact on religion, politics, law, and ethics
The decision by the ECB Governing Council to ease monetary policy through an expanded asset purchase programme will boost demand and accelerate inflation via a number of different channels. Completion of the comprehensive assessment of banks allied to the steps taken by the ECB will improve monetary policy transmission to the real economy via bank lending. More relaxed financing conditions for non-financial corporations and the reasonable level of indebtedness in the euro area's corporate sector provide fertile ground for recovery in investment. Households' large debt-servicing costs and low net assets will sustain the pressures in many euro area countries for a reduction in debt levels and weaken household demand. Although the exceptionally accommodative monetary policy is justified in order to safeguard price stability, negative side-effects cannot be entirely ruled out. The channelling of the accommodative monetary policy into fixed investment rather than the housing market can be supported through macroprudential policy..
Money and democracy
Essays in monetary economics
The comparative efficiency of Baltic monetary reforms
Monetary theory and practice : the UK experience
Is the euro area at risk of Japanese-style deflation?
The Black Monday murders. Volume 1, All hail, God Mammon
Small countries establishing their own independent monetary system: the case of the Baltics
Econometric modelling of the demand for money in Finland
Identity is the new money
Potential Use of Web 2.0 Tools in Technical Analysis of Securities
In spite of an accommodative monetary policy and a general economic recovery, growth of loans to non-financial corporations has remained weak in the euro area. The consistently poor growth is largely due to extensive real estate market bubbles in a few countries, which then burst as a result of the financial crisis. The amount of non-performing loans on the balance sheets of banks significantly weakens banks' ability to offer new loans..
Japan's policy of actively stimulating the economy has been dubbed Abenomics, after Shinzo Abe, who was elected as prime minister a little over a year ago. The main objective of Abenomics is to bring Japan on to a permanent growth trajectory and leave behind the prolonged deflationary spiral. The Bank of Japan has set a 2% inflation target, which it supports with a monetary policy of zero interest rates and quantitative easing. Both recorded inflation and consumers' and market inflation expectations have firmed up in recent months. It is, however, unclear to what extent the current performance of the Japanese economy is a consequence of the policies pursued and whether the changes will be permanent..
War and gold : a five-hundred-year history of empires, adventures and debt
Bitcoin : the future of money?
Monetary financial institutions : annual review
The secret life of money : everyday economics explained
The collected writings of John Maynard Keynes. Vol. 5, A treatise on money : 1: The pure theory of money
