http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3576 tutoring
tutoring
Reborn!. 16
Running your tutor group
Stategic analysis of Häme Polytechnic's student tutoring organization
From idea to implementation : planning and administration of online learning
Understanding problem-based learning
Evaluation report of the online course : online tutoring
Negotiating interdiscursivity in a problem-based learning tutorial site
Teacher as researcher : pictures and perspectives of teacher professionalism
On location : theory and practice in classroom-based writing tutoring
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
Decide Better! for College
"This book addresses intelligent tutoring system (ITS) environments from the standpoint of information and communication technology (ICT) and the recent accomplishments within both the e-learning paradigm and e-learning systems"--Provided by publisher.
Interactive teaching : promoting better learning using peer instruction and Just-in-Time Teaching
Study path guide : tips to teaching in the various phases of studies
The tutoring revolution : applying research for best practices, policy implications, and student achievement
Online tutoring as a teacher's challenge in higher education
Small group teaching : tutorials, seminars and beyond
Blended learning and online tutoring : a good practice guide
Scaffolding of collaborative decision-making on environmental dilemmas
Developing inquiry for learning : reflecting collaborative ways to learn how to learn in higher education
Mentoring students & young people : a handbook of effective practice
ePresence : a key to success in online education and tutoring?
Education outreach in working places : lifelong learning animateurs
Coaching college students with AD/HD : issues and answers
Tracing the roles of the PBL tutor : A journey of learning
Reborn!. 1
Innovative professional competences from multidisciplinary learning projects : handbook for project hatchery tutors
Critical documentary making : an action research to develop pedagogy for the 21st century
Re-designing learning contexts : technology-rich, learner-centred ecologies
"Developing Inquiry for Learning shows how university tutors can help students to improve their abilities to learn and to become professional inquirers. The number of students participating in Higher Education increases every year, along with the assumption that learning is a relatively passive process. University tutors need to have the tools to be able to respond to a modern teaching environment that demands a diverse spectrum of skills. They must be able to help students become collaborative learners and independently motivated rather than subsisting on a spoon-fed approach. In the innovative and practically proven approach developed by the authors of this book, students are guided to implement action research into their learning practices and reflections. Using a rolling programme of cyclical inquiries and whole group 'conferences' on improving learning, students write 'patches' on learning development which are then shared across the year group online. Each student's cumulative set of patches, together with their regular reflective writing, provide the basis for assembling a composite final assignment, a 'patchwork text', for assessment. This style of curriculum and assessment organization encourages regular peer feedback and formative assessment, as part of the whole module process. This is a dynamic approach which builds personal confidence within students both as learners and as professionals. Providing teaching materials and examples of students' responses, including the use of Blogs, Wikis and Discussion Boards, Developing Inquiry for Learning analyses and theorises on the deeper characteristics of the difficulties being addressed"-- Provided by publisher.
Tutor’s Guide
Tracing the roles of the PBL tutor : a journey of learning
Supporting the professional growth of pre-service teachers through staff-tutoring
Whose learning?
The New Order: Improving the Internationality in the International Business Degree Programme. Case Savonia University of Applied Sciences
Guide for student tutors
Intelligent tutoring systems in e-learning environments : design, implementation, and evaluation
Jump start authentic problem-based learning
Adverse effects of private supplementary tutoring : dimensions, implications and government responses
Technology and problem-based learning
Developing teacher-student counselling training in Oulu University of Applied Sciences : knowledge building through collaboration
The non-nonsense guide to training in libraries
Blended learning and online tutoring : planning learner support and activity design
Group and interactive learning
International degree student guidance and counselling : supporting the international student community at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Teaching engineering
Abstract: Scaffolding of collaborative decision-making on environmental dilemmas.
IMPROVING INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS DEGREE STUDENTS’ TUTOR SERVICE SYSTEM IN KYUAS
Integration of short-term foreign exchange students at Tampere  College
Principles and practice of nurse education
Harvard University physicist Eric Mazur demonstrates the use of Peer Instruction (PI) and Just-in-Time Teaching (JiTT), serving as an interactive workshop that can be used by individual teachers or in group training sessions to learn about these techniques, and implement them in the classroom. The documentary, From questions to concepts, provides an introduction to interactive teaching.
Working one-to-one with students : supervising, coaching, mentoring, and personal tutoring
Interships and project studies as workbased learning environments in professional higher education : international benchmarking
International tutor's handbook
Handbook of metacognition in education
PBL in context : bridging work and education
The quality of student tutoring in radiation therapy unit
Pastoral care - a training manual
Educational studies collaboratively through distance and contact  teaching
Personal tutoring in action : a handbook for staff involved in working with and supporting students
Facilitating problem-based learning : illuminating perspectives
Mentoring tutor's professional growth
In Finland, the Pedagogical Studies for Vocational Teachers include 10 credits of studies in education. Half of our  students complete them in connection with the pedagogical studies for teachers. The training consisting of distance  education has been traditionally bought from the University. Some of the students have felt that studying education  according to the university requirements has been hard for them. They would like a more practical approach to  educational studies. Our students also come from a large area in northern Finland. Therefore, an opportunity for  distance education is important for them. Tutoring has an important role in this implementation. To respond to these  challenges, we have designed a more practical implementation of the educational studies, in which the students only  have two face-to-face days. The new implementation was piloted in the autumn term 2012. The pilot succeeded very  well. Students liked to study and learnt a lot about the different areas of education. The study was continued in the  Spring 2014. Students of Education (19 )made the same pre and post-surveys like in the Pilot. Research results were  quite similar than in Pilot study.
From Brussles to grassroot level
Educational Studies Collaboratively via Distance and Contact learning
Tutors as mediators of exchange student experiences : evaluation of the interantional student tutor system at the University of Turku
