http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3582 jurisprudence
jurisprudence legal sciences
Includes 8 handbooks and 337 articles.
General reports to the 10th International Congress of Comparative Law
Legal research : law-finding and problem-solving
Early English legal literature
Marginalized communities and access to justice
Law as cases
Legal research in a nutshell
Law and economics : methodology and application
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Contracts in general : Chapter 11 : Defects in the contracting process
Anglo-russki polnyi juriditšeski slovar = English-Russian comprehensive law dictionary
Dictionary of legal terms : a simplified guide to the language of law
Ethics in practice : lawyers ́ roles, responsibilities, and regulation
International legal books in print 1990-1991 : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 2, Subjects/Publishers
A kiss from Thermopylae : Emily Dickinson and law
Five articles on artificial intelligence and legal expert systems
Anglo-American legal bibliographies : an annotated guide
Harvard civil rights
Impact : how law affects behavior
Selected Readings in Chinese Legal System
The method is dead, long live the methods! : European polynomia and pluralist methodology
Bibliographie des deutschen Rechts in englischer und deutscher Sprache : Eränzungband = Bibliography of German law in English and German : supplement. 1964-1968, Stand 31. Dezember 1968 = Including works through December 31, 1968.
Lawyers and savages : ancient history and legal realism in the making of legal anthropology
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, Chapter 10, State and economy : Regulation
British journal of criminology
Legal knowledge based systems : the relation with legal theory
Jurilinguistique : entre langues et droits = Jurilinguistics : between law and language
Intellectual property quarterly
Towards a realistic jurisprudence : A criticism of the dualism in law
Philosophical perspectives in jurisprudence
The classical law of India
Law in a changing society
Vocabulaire anglais-français et lexique français-anglais de la common law = English-French vocabulary and French-English glossary of the common law. Tome 5 = Volume 5, Contrats = Contracts
Jurisprudence : the philosophy and method of the law
Logic and experience : the origin of modern American legal education
Cooperation between China and Finland in the field of legal education
Jurisprudence. Volume 1, part 1: jurisprudence; part 2: the end of law
Comparative law in a changing world
Oxford handbooks online. Criminology and criminal justice
The Library of essays in contemporary legal theory, Vol. 1, The Methodology of legal theory
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports: Pakistan, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peoples Republic of China, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal
International and foreign legal research : a coursebook
The Wiley-Blackwell Encyclopedia of Social and Political Movements
Using citation analysis techniques for computer-assisted legal reseach in continental jurisdictions
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of autonomy and dignity in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
Legal education and judicial training in Europe : the Menu for Justice Project report
Deleuze and law
Democracy, law and governance
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Chapter 15, Contracts in general : Breach of contract
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 13, Chapter 9, Business and private organizations : Foundations
How I came to write my books
Normative structures in natural and artificial systems
Crime and justice : an annual review of research
Researching crime : approaches, methods and application
The utility of legal science in Finland
Introduction to Anglo-American law and Language = Einführung in die anglo-amerikanische Rechtssprache
Law librarianship : a handbook
Charles Areskine's library : lawyers and their books at the dawn of the Scottish enlightenment
Interfacing between lawyers and computers : an architecture for knowledge-based interfaces to legal databases
Répertoire des appellations des juges, des tribunaux et des périodiques juridigues : en usage dans les régimes de common law : anglais-français = Titles and designations of judges, courts and law journals : in common law jurisdictions : English-French
On the statuality of law
English-Chinese intellectual property dictionary
The law in the United States of America : a selective bibliographical guide
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Sociology of law
The language of judges
The legal process from a behavioral perspective
Comparative law : cases, text, materials
Use of qualitative comparative analysis (QCA) in comparative law : comparison of the legal regulation of sustainable development in physical planning in Denmark and Finland
Industrial property
The article discusses a new theory of applicability and statement of the law — legal conceptualism - general theory of law. The legal conceptualism - general theory of law is a development of Aristotle's and Abelard's views on universals regarding the law. Simultaneously, the general theory of law is able to replace the Kelsen's theory. The general theory of law can be either a common denominator to numerous theories of applicability of law known so far..
Handbook of forensic science
American journal of comparative law
Restoring corporate governance to lawyers : an attempt at corporate normative jurisprudence as an alternative to the reign of law and economics
Common legal terms you should know : in plain English and Vietnamese
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
Introduction to comparative law. 2, The institutions of private law
Glasgow tercentenary essays : 300 years of the School of Law
Cross-references in court decisions : a study in comparative legal linguistics
Of laws in general
Official journal of the European Communities. C, Information and notices
Essays in honour of Ben Beinart. Vol. 1
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Chapter 2, Contracts in general : Contract in pre-commercial societies and in western history
Expert systems in law : impacts on legal theory and computer law
IIC : international review of intellectual property and competition law
The problems of jurisprudence : a selection of readings supplemented by comments prepared by the editor
American journal of jurisprudence
Guide to the law and legal literature of Spain
Comparative legal traditions in a nutshell
Lexeconics : the interaction of law and economics
A socialist approach to comparative law
Interdisciplinary research in jurisprudence and constitutionalism
Toward a cyberlegal culture
"Lawyers and Savages explores the rise and fall of legal primitivism, and its connection to the colonial encounter. Nineteenth century legal anthropology - and with it the idea of "primitive law" - was born out of the universalization of the Western legal tradition, and its understanding of history as a civilizing process. And this book demonstrates how this scholarship had a clear impact in legitimating the colonial experience. Through examples such as blood feuds, communalism, ordeals, ritual formalism and polygamy, the book traces the intellectual revolution of legal anthropology. In doing so, however - and beyond the conventional story from Maine to Malinowski - it introduces an American story: as the book details how legal realism drew on anthropology in order to help counter the hypothetical constructs of legal formalism. Finally, this book shows how, despite the explicit rejection, the central themes of primitive law continue to influence current ideas - about indigenous legal systems, but also of the place and role of law in development"--
Lloyd's introduction to jurisprudence
The process of legal research
Fundamentals of legal research
Law as a moral judgment
Journal of legal studies
"The book concerns a fundamental question in the study of the relationship between law and society: under what conditions does a law, rule, decision, or doctrine actually make a difference in the behavior of those who are subject to this aspect of the legal system. There is a large body of scholarship which, in one sense or another, deals with this issue. The two main sources of scholarship on impact are, first, studies in criminal justice; and second, studies of business regulation. The goal of the book is bring some conceptual clarity to an awkward, unwieldy, and unruly subject. In any discussion of impact, one has to begin with the issue of communication; a rule or law that never reaches its audience, or which is vague, or difficult to understand, will have no impact. The book discusses some of the factors that influence the process of communication. But once a rule is communicated, what happens then? Sometimes the subjects comply; sometimes they fail to comply; sometimes they adjust or evade. There are three clusters of motives that affect the reaction of subject: first, deterrence (rewards and punishments); second, peer group influence; and third, issues of conscience, legitimacy, and morality. When all of these move in the same direction, the effect is quite powerful; if they conflict, it is impossible to predict which will prevail"--
Comparative law : an introduction to the comparative method of legal study and research
The philosophy of law : an introduction to jurisprudence
A bibliography of jurisprudence : being a companion to Jurisprudence
Literature and the law of nations, 1580-1680
Liability and responsibility for expert systems
A dictionary of law
Introduction to jurisprudence
Academic core collection (HeinOnline)
Comprehensive, authoritative, interdisciplinary, and up-to-date, this encyclopedia contains over 400 entries , exploring social and political movements and related collective phenomena throughout the world.
Always on the same path : essays on foreign law and comparative methodology. Vol. 2
The Library of essays in contemporary legal theory, Vol. 3, Legal theory and the legal academy
Introduction to comparative law. 1, The framework
Feminism confronts homo economicus : gender, law, and society
Postmodern legal movements : law and jurisprudence at century's end
Lloyd's law reports
Jurisprudence sourcebook : 1992-1993
Thrombomodulin and catecholamines as post-mortem indicators of hypothermia
Osborn's concise law dictionary
Manual of law librarianship : the use and organization of legal literature
International legal bibliographies : a worldwide guide and critique
A history of finnish legal science : an outline
Effective legal research
The bluebook : a uniform system of citation
The province of jurisprudence determined
This handbook provides an authoritative map of the landscape of forensic science within the criminal justice system of the UK. It sets out the features of the subject, covering the disciplinary, technological, organizational and legislative resources that are brought together to make up contemporary forensic science practice.
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Chapter 12, Contracts in general : Contracting subject to standard terms and conditions
Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes : his book notices and uncollected letters and papers
Humanity at sea : maritime migration and the foundations of international law
Soviet law in English : research guide & bibliography
Semiotic models of legal argumentation
Law, decision-making, and microcomputers : cross-national perspectives
A handbook of basic law terms
Jurisprudence : theory and context
Arguing about law
Rule of law in full swing in China
Gáldu čála : journal of indigenous peoples rights
Law and economics. Vol. 1, Theoretical and methodological foundations
Fordham intellectual property, media & entertainment law journal
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Chapter 12, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : Restitution of benefits in family relationships
Acta juridica Hungarica : Hungarian journal of legal studies
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Comparative law : sources and methodes
A menace to society : radicalism and legal scholarship in the United States, Scandinavia, and Finland, 1965-1980
Legal databases in Europe
The emergence of the legality tradition in Russia 1800-1918
Foodstuffs and medicines as legal categories in the EU and China : functional foods as a borderline case
A dictionary of Irish law
Juristopia : semantic wiki for legal information
European law journal : review of European law in context
Selected bibliography of Hungarian legal literature, 1945-1984 : constitutional law, administrative law, public international law
International legal books in print 1990-1991 : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 1, Author/Title
Common market law review
Students' glossary of Scottish legal terms
Mozley and Whiteley's law dictionary
Vocabulaire anglais-français et lexique français-anglais de la common law = English-French vocabulary and French-English glossary of the common law. Tome 2 = Volume 2, Les fiducies = Trusts
Jurisprudence : texts and commentary
Fashion law : a guide for designers, fashion executives, and attorneys
Harvard law review
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
German versus Nordic board models : form, function and convergence
Rethinking the law school : education, research, outreach and governance
Writing for dollars, writing to please : the case for plain language in business, government, and law
West's encyclopedia of American law
International perspectives on child abuse and children's testimony : psychological research and law
The lawyer's guide to the Internet
K.B.S. bibliography of standard reference books for Japanese studies : with descriptive notes. 9-B, Law
Tolkovyi juriditšheski slovar : pravo i biznes : russko-anglijski, anglo-russki : law and business : Russian-English, English-Russian = Legal glossary
Dansk juridisk bibliografi = Bibliography of Danish law. 1981-1984
Crime and delinquency
Law and information technology : Swedish views : an anthology produced by the IT Law Observatory of the Swedish ICT Commission
Law : a very short introduction
An economic analysis of regulation by conditional permits
Legal conseptualism general theory of law - a new method of statement of the law and a way of explaining applicability of law
Vocabulaire anglais-français et lexique français-anglais de la common law = English-French vocabulary and French-English glossary of the common law. Tome 6 = Volume 6, Droit maritime commercial = Shipping law
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
An introduction to law and economics
The comparison of law : selected essays for the 9th international congress of comparative law = La comparaison de droit : essais choisis pour le 9e congrès international de droit comparé
Dane & Thomas : how to use a law library : an introduction to legal skills ; by Philip A. Thomas, John Knowles ; with contributions  by Jennefer Aston ... [et al.]
Bibliography of Hungarian legal literature, 1945-1965
Introduction to the science of law
Natural law in jurisprudence and politics
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
Contemporary Chinese law : research problems and perspectives
Intellectual property laws and treaties
The Middle Ages without feudalism : essays in criticism and comparison on the medieval West
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Turning the curriculum upside down : comparative law as an educational tool for constructing pluralistic legal mind
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
The criminal justice dictionary
Danish legal publications in English, French and German
A bibliography of jurisprudence
Current practice in forensic medicine
Law and justice on the small screen
