http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p358 city centres
city centres
Vancouver Central Waterfront : an urban planning case study
Lower town : history and legend
Trust inside a political organization : a case study of the Finnish Centre Party parliamentary group
Dangerous liaisons : preserving post-war modernism in city centers : conference on 15-17 February 2001 in Helsinki, Finland
Red fortress : the secret heart of Russia's history
Economic and social restructuring of urban centres
Shaping the great city : modern architecture in Central Europe, 1890-1937
From farmyard to city square? : the electoral adaptation of the Nordic agrarian parties
Testing and evaluating the model of internal town structure
The city as living room : changing meanings of the centre of Helsinki
Plätze : Plätze und städtische Freiräume von 1993 bis heute = Urban squares : recent European promenades, squares and city centres
Strolls through the parks of central Tampere
New city spaces
Aspects of arctic and sub-arctic history : proceedings of the International Congress on the History of the Arctic and Sub-Arctic Region, Reykjavík, 18-21 June 1998
Dynamic urban design : a handbook for creating sustainable communities worlwide
CB City Kokkola ry : developing the Town Centre of Kokkola
Towards a renaissance of the European city : discussion
Marketing management of bars in Helsinki city centre
The question of spatial composition and user quality of sites arises in every urban design concept or intervention in urban public spaces. Squares is the first wide-ranging reference work in which the design and proportions of urban squaresare compared and studied. Seventy European public squares are presented systematically in as-built plan, ground plan, section, and axonometric projection with the most important characteristics.
Following the tracks - railways in the city centre of Helsinki: bygone past or unwritten urban history?
Urban tourism : attracting visitors to large cities
The creative city : a toolkit for urban innovators
New wave quarter for culture : exploitation of culture and Finnish heritage in regenerating the city centre of Jyväskylä
Jaakko Saviranta - talousmaantieteen monitaituri = Jaakko Saviranta - an economic geographer with many interests
Centre, region, periphery : Medieval Europe Basel 2002.. 2
Public spaces - public life
City form and everyday life : Toronto's gentrification and critical social prectice
Semiotic neighborhoods : the case of Helsinki
Downtown, Inc. : how America rebuilds cities
Restructuring Europe : centre formation, system building and political structuring between the nation-state and the European Union
Jyväskylä, Kotka, Lucerne, Roskilde : a study of changes in urban structures
Vaasan kävelykeskusta : Hovioikeudenpuistikko, Kauppapuistikko, Vaasa = Pedestrian centre of Vaasa
Project India
The Labour Party and foreign policy : a history
Why girls fight : female youth violence in the inner city
Downtown America : a history of the place and the people who made it
How to read towns & cities : a crash course in urban architecture
Helsinki : birth of the classic capital 1550-1850 : promenades
Against the wall : poor, young, Black, and male
Pieces from peripheries and centres : papers presented at a symposium in Rovaniemi, 30-31 March 2006
Plazas and barrios : heritage tourism and globalization in the Latin American centro histórico
Travelling notions of culture in early nineteenth-century Europe
Centre, region, periphery : Medieval Europe Basel 2002.. 3
"What is to be done in the twilight of democracy? What is the point of elections? The result is always the same: a victory for the Extreme Centre. Since 1989, politics has become a contest to see who can best serve the needs of the market, a competition now fringed by unstable populist movements. The same catastrophe has taken place in the US, Britain, Continental Europe and Australia. In this urgent and wide-ranging case for the prosecution, Tariq Ali looks at the people and the events that have informed this moment of political suicide: corruption in Westminster; the failures of the EU and NATO; the soft power of the American Empire that dominates the world stage uncontested. Despite this inertia, Ali goes in search of alternative futures, finding promise in the Bolivarian revolutions of Latin America and at the edges of Europe. Emerging parties in Scotland, Greece and Spain, formed out of the 2008 crisis, are offering new hope for democracy"--
Kaupungin Leijona-sydän = Stadens Lejonhjärta = The Lionheart of the City
The origins & futures of the creative city
Reach and supra-local consciousness in the medieval Nordic periphery
The initial idea, which stands at the background for making this thesis was to create a new bar concept in the centre of Helsinki. However, to generate a successful concept, it became more meaningful to study the current market situation of bars in central Helsinki - to learn from different bar concepts and types. Hence, the focus of the thesis is on the overall marketing management of bars in Helsinki city centre, thus involving the topics and interest on: segmentation, target marketing, marketing strategies, differentiation and issues on competition, not forgetting the trends of the bar business in the local business environment and beyond.   Furthermore, previous studies regarding restaurant segmentation, (consumer choice) attributes and dining out occasions, are used for guidance as far as the attributes and occasions for visiting bars are concerned. Therefore, the aim of the study is  to get to know the current situation of bars in the heart of Helsinki, in terms of various concepts, competitive differentiation; and to define (consumer choice) attributes and occasions for visiting bars, from the managers` point of view.  The data of the thesis is derived from bar managers of the few bars selected by their different concepts. Since interviewing customers has been left out from the research, the most appropriate research methodology in this case was found to be the qualitative method, involving personal interviews. The research procedure includes a framework, illustrating all of the key points of the thesis - they are sorted and analysed within the framework methodology structure. In addition to the primary research using qualitative methodology; secondary research selecting appropriate and fit literature, can be seen also as part of the methodology or at least as part of the learning process.   To conclude, while most of the bar managers are aware of their target group and practice various marketing strategies to retain their customers, most of the bar managers seem to have had an innovative idea which they went to fulfil, without conducting primary marketing research. Furthermore, customers are attracted by using informal networks like communication and socialization within the target customer group. Still, some inexpensive marketing efforts, such as distributing flyers or using customers surveys are practiced by bar managers too. All in all, the bar managers seem to be aware of competition and the importance of various bar attributes like image, atmosphere, location, music, service quality, personnel, etc. Following each and every one of the stated objectives,  problems and aim of the thesis to find answers; solutions and examples are portrayed to present findings from the data, in discovering the bar management and market  environment of bars in Helsinki city centre by addressing the particular issues, themes and topics on focus.
A companion to the city
Naked city : the death and life of authentic urban places
Dutchtown : a city centre design by OMA/Rem Koolhaas
Renewal of inner city areas : restoration of historical city centres, urban redevelopment, reconstruction of destroyed or damaged urban centres
The Central European city as a space for dialogue : examples Prague and Warsaw
Economy, territory, identity : politics of West European peripheries
Helsinki - people make the city : guide to the local way of life : makers and keepers, Nordic living, hidden neighbourhoods, secret recipes, DIY projects, Helsinki black book + much more
The extreme centre : a warning
Police, policing, policy and the city in Europe
Centre-periphery relations in Russia : the case of the Northwestern regions
Squares : urban spaces in Europe
The dilemma of periphery and center in the North
Changing public space : the recent redevelopment of Dutch city squares
Centre, region, periphery : Medieval Europe Basel 2002
Sounds and voices
Evidence of partisan emphasis on EMU during 1994-1999 : comparing Finnish parties
Video games as new tools for political persuasion : web games of the Estonian Centre Party
The German Center Party, 1890-1906
A periphery extending into Europe? : a study of the politics of education within higher education reform in Georgia
Cities for smart environmental and energy futures : impacts on architecture and technology
Liberal International congress 3-6 October 1990, Espoo, Finland
On borders, in centres and on peripheries
Safer city centres : reviving the public realm
The new middle class and the remaking of the central city
Proceedings of the first finnish SME researh forum : julkaistu yrittäjyysvuosikymmenen 1995-2005-hankkeen avustuksella
From native and landscape research to urban and regional studies : conference. Tartu, Estonia, August 23-24, 2002. Abstracts. Papers. List of Participants
Puhutaan kaupungista : Helsingin kantakaupungin ajankohtaisia suunnitelmia = Talking about the city: current plans for the centre of Helsinki
Cities staying alive
Caribbean urban modernization : a typomorphological study of two towns in Guadeloupe (1928-2003)
Manhattan projects : the rise and fall of urban renewal in Cold War New York
The diffusion of housing price movements from centre to surrounding areas
Landplan II proceedings : role of geology in planning and development of urban centres in Southeast Asia : April 2-5, 1984, Kula Lumpur, Malaysia
Stepping beyond the confines of a "world system" : cores or peripheries from the present into the past of the Aegean Bronze age
Bumpkin against bigwig : the emergence of a green movement in Finnish politics
Management of historic centres
Living tradition or panda's cage? : an analysis of the urban conservation in Kyoto : case study: 35 Yamahako neighbourhoods
Abstract: Party manifesto as an arena of practising in and maintaining political thinking.
Old problems in new times : urban strategies for the 1990s
Social regeneration : directions for urban policy in the 1990s : the second report of the CLES Monitoring Project on Urban Development Corporations
A history of future cities
Essays on political representation
Centre and periphery : spatial variations in politics
Towns for people : transforming urban life
Any use for a historian? : testing the theories of center and periphery in Hokkaido
