http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3580 seeking
seeking
The professional's guide to mining the internet : information gathering and research on the net
Nuclear energy encyclopedia : science, technology, and applications
Re-engineering an image archive user interface
How to reach more target customers by search engine optimization (SEO) and search engine advertising (SEA) : Case: Clean Solutions Finland Kb
The Oxford classical dictionary
Entrance to education
Good fiction guide
Worldmark chronology of the nations. Vol. 4, Europe
China today : an encyclopedia of life in the people's republic. 1, A-L
A dictionary of Chinese symbols : hidden symbols in Chinese life and thought
The Grove dictionary of art
Stanford encyclopedia of philosophy
The encyclopedia of adulthood and aging
Kirjaston tietoasiantuntija auttaa tutkijaa = Bibliotekets informationsspecialister hjälper forskarna = Information specialists supporting researchers
A comprehensive overview of the theories, concepts and processes that interpersonal communication researchers use to explain a wide variety of social interaction phenomena. Over 270 entries explore: interpersonal conflict, negotiation, relationship development, interactional adaptation, social influence, and, communication in the workplace, at school and within family life. Encompasses both theory and practice, bringing together the fascinating and groundbreaking research from the field, from the first generation of interpersonal communication scholars to the very latest developments.
Action Research differs dramatically from other works on the subject. In this book, action research is more broadly conceived than it is in previous works. Many works on the subject describe the process simply as one in which a problem is identified by the practitioner, some questions are framed, data are collected from some sources, conclusions are drawn, and some action is then taken. Although these are the basic steps in action research, this approach simplifies the process to the point that it renders the project insignificant or as capable of making only minimal contributions at best. Action research, as described and explained in this book, places more faith in practitioners as professional educators who can be trained and expected to utilize elaborate, thoughtful, and significant approaches to solving problems in school settings. Hence, in Action Research attention is devoted to specific strategies and techniques that have traditionally been reserved only for the more advanced practice of educational research. Action research, then, is not merely a type of research reserved for individuals with little if any formal training in educational research. Rather, action research is a viable tool used by professional and skilled educators who incorporate a wide variety of methodologies, designs, and approaches when conducting research. This underlying assumption makes this book unique. Moreover, as will be explained later, action research is not a separate method of research (along with descriptive, historical, correlational, and evaluation research). Rather, it is a type of research that may utilize and incorporate many different methods of research. Hence, this book is also unique because it considers action research as a process that may include various methods to suit its purpose(s). This book is designed to introduce those research strategies that are likely to be used by practicing supervisors and teachers in their attempt to improve school practices on a daily basis. As such, this book might also be a valuable guidebook for conducting action research at the master's and doctoral levels.
Encyclopedia of Adolescence
A Companion to Intellectual History provides an in-depth survey of the practice of intellectual history as a discipline. Forty newly-commissioned chapters showcase leading global research with broad coverage of every aspect of intellectual history as it is currently practiced. Presents an in-depth survey of recent research and practice of intellectual history Written in a clear and accessible manner, designed for an international audience Surveys the various methodologies that have arisen and the main historiographical debates that concern intellectual historians Pays special attention to contemporary controversies, providing readers with the most current overview of the field Demonstrates the ways in which intellectual historians have contributed to the history of science and medicine, literary studies, art history and the history of political thought.
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
China today : an encyclopedia of life in the people's republic. 2, M-Z
The Cambridge dictionary of statistics
Language learners' seeking paths and strategies : one dimension of digital literacy
Recruitment and selection of international degree teachers : case: School X
Job searching with social media for dummies
Search engine optimization with distributed task scheduling using NodeJS
The Oxford history of western music
The languages of the world
A companion to intellectual history
Infancy is a unique period, in that at no other state is there greater growth and development. During this time, growth is occurring at a physical level, but equally impressive are the socio-emotional and cognitive developments during this time. Genetics, the womb environment, and the physical environment after birth all combine to impact the rate and manner of growth. Who we ultimately become as individuals begins here. Intended for university and public libraries, the Encyclopedia of Infant and Early Childhood Development is the major reference work that provides a comprehensive entry point into all of the existing literature on child development from the fields of psychology, genetics, neuroscience, and sociology. The scope of this work is to understand the developmental changes, when they occur, why they occur, how they occur, and those factors that influence that development. Although some medical information is included, the emphasis is on normal growth and is primarily from a psychological perspective.
Encyclopædia Iranica. Vol. 14, fasc. 5, Jamalzadeh II - Japan IV
Encyclopedia of behavioral neuroscience
The A-to-Z reference resource for nuclear energy information A significant milestone in the history of nuclear technology, Nuclear Energy Encyclopedia: Science, Technology, and Applications is a comprehensive and authoritative reference guide written by a committee of the world's leading energy experts. The encyclopedia is packed with cutting-edge information about where nuclear energy science and technology came from, where they are today, and what the future may hold for this vital technology. Filled with figures, graphs, diagrams, formulas, and photographs, which accompany the short, easily
Natural language information retrieval : TREC-8 report
Proposal planning & writing
Effective literature searching for research
Research funding toolkit
Encyclopedia of gerontology : age, aging, and the aged
Using relative interval slope in music information retrieval
A glossary of catchwords of the Czech avant-garde : conceptions of aesthetics and the changing faces of art 1908-1958
Cover song identification using compression-based distance measures
The Major sports events guide 2009 : the essential guide for any organisation involved in the delivery of major sport events
Encyclopædia Iranica. Vol. 15, fasc. 1, Joči - Judeo-Persian communities of Iran V
Search engine optimization and advertising in social media : case: Total Sec
iSHIMR 2003 : the eighth International Symposium for Health Information Management Research : research of health and social care information management, Borås, Sweden, 1-3 June 2003 : proceedings
Searching skills toolkit : finding the evidence
Cultural theory : the key concepts
Pigment compendium : a dictionary and optical microscopy of historical pigments
Creating a Career in Japan
The aim of this Bachelor’s thesis was to design and develop a search engine for websites. The topic of the thesis was chosen after consultations with several teachers. One unique aspect of developing a search engine is that it covers a large amount of theoretical and practical aspects of Computer Science and Information Technology, so doing the project was a good practice of combining the knowledge and experience to learn new topics and preparing for future challenging projects. The last version of the application does successfully its job with an acceptable accuracy. Since the code is well-organized and extensible, potentially it is possible to develop the application in the feature to support more features and enhance the current ones. The application is also customizable both in front and back-end. Thus, developers who are interested in such projects could benefit from the code.
Computational methods in codes and games
Encyclopedia of psychotherapy
Encyclopædia Iranica. Vol. 15, fasc. 4, Kafir Kala - Kamsa of Jamali
Tempting to tag : an experimental comparison of four tagging input mechanisms
Improved functionality of the medical products database
Advanced techniques for work search
Finding information in science, technology and medicine
Successful enquiry answering every time
Nursing informatics 2000 : one step beyond :  the evolution of technology and nursing
The Hutchinson encyclopedia of Ireland : an A-Z guide to its people, places, history, and culture
The invisible web : uncovering sources search engines can't see
Worldmark chronology of the nations. Vol. 2, Americas
The finno-ugrian collections in finnish libraries and the access to them
Historical dictionary of revolutionary China, 1839-1976
Search engine optimization : your visual blueprint for effective internet marketing
Search engine optimization marketing research on the internet case: a case study of yuanju99.com
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
How to Increase Search Engine Visibility by Using Basic SEM and SEO Tecniques : Case: Voglia Oy
The girl who circumnavigated Fairyland in a ship of her own making
Diets and dieting : a cultural encyclopedia
Handbook of descriptive linguistic fieldwork
A popular dictionary of shinto
Russian Tourists Overnighting in Helsinki: Information Search and Use of Social Media
The handbook of bilingualism and multilingualism
Improve Search Engine Optimization
Online Marketing Handbook for Emerging Jewelry Importer: Case Divina Katalina
Guinness european data book
Fieldbook of native Illinois shrubs
Dictionary of 20th century European history
Encyclopædia Iranica. Vol. 15, fasc. 2, Judeo-Persian communities of Iran V - Julfa I. Safavid period
E-Commerce, today’s fastest growing business: the main impulses and how to stabilize them.
Testing of S60 search applicaton
Web research : selecting, evaluating, and citing
Similarity measures for content-based audio retrieval
Archaeological encyclopedia of the Holy Land
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
Helsinki 2006 candidate city : XX Olympic winter games candidature file
Job search behavior of unemployed in Russia
This is how to get your next job : an inside look at what employers really want
Enabling technologies for decentralized interpersonal communication
Internet as a tool in special education : Erinet project report 1
How to write a winning personal statement for graduate and professional school
Encyclopædia Iranica. Vol. 13, fasc. 5, Iran IX: Religions in Iran - Iraq V: Safavid period
Current and comprehensive, The International Encyclopedia of Communication Theory and Philosophy is the ultimate resource for scholarly reflection on key issues in the discipline, covering the history, systematics, and potential of communication theory. Entries are cross-national and cross-disciplinary, featuring authors from Europe, North America, Latin America, and Southeast Asia.
Like the first edition, the second edition of the Encyclopedia of Stress covers nearly every conceivable aspect and ramification of stress including a wide range of related topics such as neuroimmune interactions, cytokines, enzymatic disorders, effects on the cardiovascular system, immunity and inflammation, and physical illnesses. Over the last decade, scientists have presented convincing research showing that psychological stress increases vulnerability to disease. They now understand more clearly that stress may be the thread tying together illnesses that were previously believed to be unrelated. Bone loss, increased abdominal fat, and damaged memory cells in the hippocampus have been linked to elevated cortisol levels. Building on the success of the first edition, this completely revised work surveys the vast amount of research generated in the past five years, resulting in a substantial revision with over 30% new material and over 100 new entries. Expanded sections include Animal Studies, Anxiety and Depression, Drugs, Depression, Disasters, and Psychological and Other Therapies.
Encyclopedia of infant and early childhood development
The online journalism handbook : skills to survive and thrive in the digital age
Cross-language question answering for Finnish
The Internet as a marketing medium : An introduction to Search Engine Optimization
Cultural differences in web-based health information seeking of Finnish and Japanese students
This workbook is designed to help self-directed adults with experience in the workforce or post-secondary education and training improve their work search strategies.
Consciousness has long been a subject of interest in philosophy and religion but only relatively recently has it become subject to scientific investigation. Now, more than ever before, we are beginning to understand this mental state. Developmental psychologists understand when we first develop a sense of self; neuropsychologists see which parts of the brain activate when we think about ourselves and which parts of the brain control that awareness.Cognitive scientists have mapped the circuitry that allows machines to have some form of self awareness, and neuroscientists investigate similar circuitry in the human brain. Research that once was separate inquiries in discreet disciplines is converging. List serves and small conferences focused on consciousness are proliferating. New journals have emerged in this field. A huge number of monographs and edited treatises have recently been published on consciousness, but there is no recognized entry point to the field, no comprehensive summary.This encyclopedia is that reference. Organized alphabetically by topic, coverage encompasses a summary of major research and scientific thought regarding the nature of consciousness, the neural circuitry involved, how the brain, body, and world interact, and our understanding of subjective states. The work includes contributions covering neuroscience, psychology, philosophy, and artificial intelligence to provide a comprehensive backdrop to recent and ongoing investigations into the nature of conscious experience from a philosophical, psychological, and biological perspective.
Psychotherapy is the dialogue between patient and therapist in the diagnosis and treatment of behavioral, crisis, and mental disorders. Psychoanalysis as formulated by Sigmund Freud is the first modern form of psychotherapy and this approach has given rise to several score of psychodynamic therapies. In more recent times behavioral, cognitive, existential, humanistic, and short-term therapies have been put into practice, each with a particular focus and each giving rise to variations in structure and content of treatment as well as therapeutic outcomes. These therapy approaches relate the patient/therapist dialogue to different aspects of the therapeutic process. For instance, behavior therapies focus on the patient's conduct and cognitive therapies treat the client's thought processes. The Encyclopedia covers the major psychotherapies currently in practice as well as the classical approaches that laid the foundation for the various contemporary treatment approaches. In addition, the Encyclopedia identifies the scientific studies conducted on the efficacy of the therapies and review the theoretical basis of each therapy.
Impact and return on investment of online marketing strategies for small and medium enterprises
This authoritative Handbook takes its lead from a number of key assumptions on the subject of research methods for child-related research. These include, to name but a couple of examples: the importance of recognising the significance of the different contexts in which children find themselves in determining the nature of appropriate research methods, and the importance of having clear ethical guidelines and standards governing the research activities of those involved in research on and with children. Accommodating basic principles such as these, this handbook aims to provide researchers, practitioners and scholars with an interest in undertaking research with children with a comprehensive and definitive manual. The book is divided into three parts, to allow for ease of navigation of the thematic structure: * Part I: Setting-Specific Issues in Child Research * Part II: Population-Specific Issues in Child Research * Part III: Methods in Research on Children and Childhood.
Encyclopædia Iranica. Vol. 13, fasc. 4, Iran V: peoples of Iran - Iran IX: religions in Iran
Concise Routledge encyclopedia of philosophy
Bidding for the Olympics - a place marketing perspective : case: Helsinki 2006 Candidate City for the XX Winter Olympics
Bibliographic instruction in a cross-cultural classroom
Worldmark chronology of the nations. Vol. 3, Asia
The Extreme Searcher's Internet Handbook : A Guide for the Serious Searcher
Instrumentation reference book
LEGO Ninjago : masters of spinjitzu : character encyclopedia
Great answers to tough CV problems : CV secrets from a top career coach
The Role of Social Media in Russian Tourists' Search for Information
Don't send a CV : and other controversial rules to help land a great job
Encyclopedia of stress
Abstract: The goal of the thesis was to design and develop a new user interface for an image archive. The archive is accessed on the intranet server through the user's web browser. To limit the scope of the thesis, no changes to the database were planned. The user interface was set to be designed from a user centred point of view. For the design, the users were interviewed. The interview was based on a set group of questions, but the line of questions was not strictly followed during the interview. From the interview it was found out that the image archive has two kinds of users, architects and users working in tourism and travel. Both types of have similar requirements for the archive. The users search the archive for images of a certain building or certain types of images. The users are also required to upload images to the archive. Individual pages of the user interface were designed based on the interviews. On the search page the users can define search conditions and search for images based on the conditions. The search page leads to the results page, which displays search results as thumbnails. The user can inspect images by placing the mouse cursor on top of the thumbnail, which causes metadata for the image to be displayed on a box on the right. From the results page the user can enter a browse view by clicking on a thumbnail. On the browse page the user can see the single image in a larger size and navigate to the previous and next images. In the browse page the user can also edit saved metadata and export images from the archive. Adding images to the archive was were decided to be made easier by adding an batch edit system to the archive, where the user can write metadata information to an image by a single mouse click. The images are added to the archive directly from the user's computer. After development and deployment, the archive user interface has been observed to be useful and functional. Significant improvements include quickly browsing through multiple images and saving images to the user's computer. Feedback from the new archive user interface from the users has been mostly positive.
Applicant's guide 2010 : Bachelor's degree programmes : environmental engineering, international business, media, nursing, tourism
Integration of a web-based loan trading platform to an international financing company
Flexible pattern matching in strings : practical on-line search algorithms for texts and biological sequences
A companion to phenomenology and existentialism
The handbook of narrative analysis
The invisible web : searching the hidden parts of the internet
Novel music discovery concepts : user experience and design implications
Brings together concise, accurate summaries of classic topics as well as the most recent thinking and research in new areas. - Covers a broad range of issues, from biological and physiological changes in the body to changes in cognition, personality, and social roles to applied areas such as psychotherapy, long-term care, and end-of-life issues. - Includes contributions from major researchers, theorists, and methodologists from the academic and clinical realms. - Essential for experts in the field and also for students in the social sciences and humanities coming to the subject for the first time.
Knowledge discovery in inductive databases : third international workshop, KDID 2004, Pisa, Italy, September 20, 2004 : revised selected and invited papers
Horror
What color is your parachute? : guide to rethinking interviews : ace the interview and land your dream job
Physics and biology : from molecules to life
Learning and memory : a comprehensive reference
Comprising state-of-the-art research, this substantially expanded and revised Handbook discusses the latest global and interdisciplinary issues across bilingualism and multilingualism. Includes the addition of ten new authors to the contributor team, and coverage of seven new topics ranging from global media to heritage language learning Provides extensively revised coverage of bilingual and multilingual communities, polyglot aphasia, creolization, indigenization, linguistic ecology and endangered languages, multilingualism, and forensic linguistics Brings together a global team of internationally-renowned researchers from different disciplines Covers a wide variety of topics, ranging from neuro- and psycho-linguistic research to studies of media and psychological counseling Assesses the latest issues in worldwide linguistics, including the phenomena and the conceptualization of 'hyperglobalization', and emphasizes geographical centers of global conflict and commerce.
Infotech Oulu International Workshop on Information Retrieval [IR2001] : Oulu, Finland, September 19-21, 2001
Tourist Motivation and Information Search Behaviour
Case: Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
This thesis project was mostly aimed to implement the distributed system using NodeJS with the feature of asynchronous task processing as a driving factor for the applications efficiency. Also a significant amount of time was spent on the client side development for a better usability and UI experience for the users. This application has a significant scope on the current market. It can target at any kind of business from small start-ups to huge corporations and increase their competitiveness on the Internet (search engines) by allowing companies to easily and efficiently get closer to their customers. A running beta version of this application can be found on http://beta.adquanto.com.
"The Pigment Compendium Dictionary" is a comprehensive information source for scientists, art historians, conservators and forensic specialists. Drawn together from extensive analytical research into the physical and chemical properties of pigments, this essential reference to pigment names and synonyms describes the inter-relationship of different names and terms. The Dictionary covers the field worldwide from pre-history to the present day, from rock art to interior decoration, from ethnography to contemporary art. Drawing on hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources as well as modern scientific data each term is discussed in detail, giving both its context and composition. It includes a comprehensive list of pigment names and synonyms. It talks about the pigments used worldwide from pre-history to the present day. It contains information from hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources.
Abstract: Metadata driven data utilization in ecommerce solution. The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to develop a proof of concept with SharePoint for ecommerce site that uses search index to provide data. The study concentrated in evaluating features that are seen important in online commerce web sites and how their implementations would suffice in the application platform, which has seen little use in online commerce. As a result an ecommerce site that utilizes SharePoint 2013 features to fulfill common ecommerce site requirements as well as possible was created. The site uses search index as data provider for the customer site and it has a separate site for product administration that is indexed. The project required architectural research and understanding of metadata and its use in search services for creating queries and faceted navigation. The project application platform was found to include many metadata enhanced search functionalities. Ecommerce features were found existing and working but lacking for extensive use. As products are queried from search index there are insufficient information about user preferences or behavior for personalized product promotions. Missing shopping cart functionality was also noted. Search functions described in this project can be used to develop search-driven content utilization also with other content types.
Encyclopedia of Ukraine. Map & gazzetteer of Ukraine
The international encyclopedia of communication theory and philosophy
International education : an encyclopedia of contemporary issues and systems
Action research : an educational leader's guide to school improvement
Processing business data and statistics from IBM WebSphere commerce
Russian doll search algorithms for discrete optimization problems
Urhea
Behavioral neuroscientists study the behavior of animals and humans and the neurobiological and physiological processes that control it. Behavior is the ultimate function of the nervous system, and the study of it is very multidisciplinary. Disorders of behavior in humans touch millions of people's lives significantly, and it is of paramount importance to understand pathological conditions such as addictions, anxiety, depression, schizophrenia, autism among others, in order to be able to develop new treatment possibilities.
Going global : career information and resources for Finland
Efforts to assemble a comprehensive reference of universal knowledge date back to Aristotle, and some consider the work Natural History of Pliny the Elder to be the first encyclopedia. By the nineteenth century, encyclopedias had become more specialized, in line with expanding knowledge that required many sources. The Encyclopedia of Gerontology, second edition, is illustrative of the character of gerontology itself, universal by its capacious nature, while at the same time specialized. That is one reason, among many, that makes the field so extraordinary and inviting. The growth of aging populations and the advance of longevity, after all, reflect one of the great universal historic demographic shifts of all time. And with this revolution in longevity have come numerous challenges – social, economic, political, ethical, and personal – requiring a range of special adjustments. This fine encyclopedia reflects both the challenges and the adjustments.  Conventional knowledge notes that as societies increase in wealth, they are in a better position to provide social, health, and other benefits for their citizens. But based upon recently acquired knowledge, the reverse is also true, that health and longevity promote wealth. Svanborg, Manton, and others have found that as a result of social, medical, and public health advances, people not only are living longer but also are more likely to enjoy more disability-free years. These two facts strengthen the prospectus for increasing years of productive engagement. This demographic shift constitutes a great human achievement, compelling, in turn, the transformation of our culture and the personal experience of growing older that is at hand. It will lead to a body of new concepts and data concerning old age – and to an expanding encyclopedia.
Business : the key concepts
Cognitive paradigms in knowledge organisation : Second International ISKO Conference, Madras 26-28 August 1992
The Handbook of the Study of Play brings together in two volumes thinkers whose diverse interests at the leading edge of scholarship and practice define the current field. Because play is an activity that humans have shared across time, place, and culture and in their personal developmental timelines-and because this behavior stretches deep into the evolutionary past-no single discipline can lay claim to exclusive rights to study the subject. Thus this handbook features the thinking of evolutionary psychologists; ethologists and biologists; neuroscientists; developmental psychologists; psychotherapists and play therapists; historians; sociologists and anthropologists; cultural psychologists; philosophers; theorists of music, performance, and dance; specialists in learning and language acquisition; and playground designers. Together, but out of their varied understandings, the incisive contributions to The Handbook take on vital questions of educational policy, of literacy, of fitness, of the role of play in brain development, of spontaneity and pleasure, of well-being and happiness, of fairness, and of the fuller realization of the self. These volumes also comprise an intellectual history, retrospective looks at the great thinkers who have made possible the modern study of play.
The international encyclopedia of interpersonal communication
Finding northern people in selective databases
Developing a search engine : implementing a search engine using .NET framework
Location-based web search and mobile applications
Content-based multimedia retrieval for mobile devices
The SAGE handbook of child research
LEGO DC comics super heroes : character encyclopedia
The size of learner lexis, exposure to English and looking up words online
Encyclopædia Iranica. Vol. 15, fasc. 5, Kamsa of Jamali - Karim Devona
Search Engine Optimization Case St.Lapland : Creating a Plan to Increase the Traffic Volume on the Website
The handbook of the study of play
Encyclopedia of consciousness
Physical search
Medicine Classification Research for a Health Web-Portal
The goblin companion : a field guide to goblins
Principles of social media monitoring and analysis software
Working in Finland
Methods for building semantic portals
Virtual microscopy : design and implementation of novel software applications for diagnostic pathology
Biogeochemistry : an analysis of global change
The practical handbook of internet computing
Encyclopædia Iranica. Vol. 14, fasc. 2, Isfahan XXII. Gazi dialect - Israel II. The Jewish Persian community
Worldmark chronology of the nations. Vol. 1, Africa
PageMaker 7.0 from A to Z : a quick reference of more than 300 PageMaker tasks, terms and tricks
Profibus : a pocket guide
The big book of women saints
The Uexkü̈ll approach : evaluation of multivariate data organizations for support of visual information retrieval
The sociology of taste
Morph-based speech retrieval : indexing methods and evaluations of unsupervised morphological analysis
LinkedIn for dummies
Extending the functionality of Web search engines
English summary.
Foundation fieldbus : a pocket guide
The Routledge encyclopedia of research methods in applied linguistics
Preparing the perfect CV : how to make a great impression and get the job you want
Politics & Internet : congress in Helsinki, Finland, January 6-9, 1999
Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States
How do we practice journalism in a digital world, in which the old 'rules' no longer apply? This text offers comprehensive, instructive coverage of the techniques and secrets of being a successful online journalist, both from a theoretical and practical point of view. Reflecting the vitality of the web, it will inspire aspiring journalists to acquire new skills and make sense of a transforming industry.
E is for Ethiopia
Renardus: European academic subject gateway service
This encyclopedia provides thorough, up-to-date coverage of key topics, concepts, and issues, as well as in-depth studies of national educational systems throughout the world. Articles examine education broadly and at all levels--from primary grades through higher education, formal to informal education, country studies to global organizations.
The role of Internet marketing in finnish tourism industry
Google's PageRank and beyond : the science of search engine rankings
Sports event bidding : a strategic guide for bidders and sports property owners
These United States : our nationś geography, history and people
Development of the KTUAS web-portal oriented for Russian prospective applicants : increasing awareness about KTUAS
Encyclopædia Iranica. Vol. 16, fasc. 1, Kashan-Kassi, Abu Amr Mohammed
The social science encyclopedia
