http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3581 forensic psychology
forensic psychology
Men who rape : the psychology of the offender
Rehabilitation, crime and justice
Criminal investigation : motivation, emotion and cognition in the processing of evidence
"Identities in Context is a comprehensive guide to contemporary discursive research on issues relating to identity across a variety of contexts. By relying on an examination of discourse as a focus of study in its own right, a clearer understanding of the relationships between the sense of ourselves and our interactions with others in various social situations is gained. This approach also reveals how discursive research has, over time, contributed to a greater understanding of a variety of topics relating to identity addressed by specific research. For instance, we are shown the consequences associated with identity in interactions within the legal system, as well as on treatment and intervention of individuals in health care settings. Identities in Context provides an accessible, detailed, and enlightening examination of our current state of knowledge on all issues relating to identities and discursive research"--
Evaluation for workplace discrimination and harassment
Explorations in the psychology of testimony
Forensic psychology : crime, justice, law, interventions
Anchored narratives : the psychology of criminal evidence
Despite notable contributions in eyewitness identification and jury selection, most legal research done by psychologists has had a minimal impact upon law and public policy in the US. In this carefully-reasoned and compelling text, the authors explain how psychologists have failed to understand the law and the context in which it operates.
Children who murder : a psychological perspective
Psychosocial interventions in the criminal justice system : reports presented to the 20th Criminological Research Conference 1993 : proceedings
Parenting plan evaluations : applied research for the family court
The neurobiology of criminal behavior : gene-brain-culture interaction
Analysing witness testimony : a guide for legal practitioners and other professionals
"Psychologists now have a solid understanding of such issues as the effects of suggestive questioning on eyewitness reports, the suggestibility of children, methods of improving eyewitness interviews, the effects of crime factors on identification accuracy, the relation between confidence and identification accuracy, methods of improving identification accuracy, and the effectiveness of safeguards designed to protect defendants from wrongful conviction in eyewitness cases. In this volume, authors focus narrowly on methods of improving identification accuracy. Several factors point to the need for a thorough treatment on this topic."
Anglo-American insanity defence reform : the war between law and medicine
Criminal psychology. Vol. 3, Implications for forensic assessment, policing, and the courts
Forensic psychology : concepts, debates and practice
Psychological science in the courtroom : consensus and controversy
Everyday practices and trouble cases
Forensic psychology
The psychology of the courtroom
International law. Vol. 6, International law AND
Forensic psychology in context : Nordic and international approaches
Ethical practice in forensic psychology : a systematic model for decision making
Neuropsychology in the courtroom : expert analysis of reports and testimony
"Psychological research shows that our emotions and feelings often guide the moral decisions we make about our own lives and the social groups to which we belong. But should we be concerned that out important moral judgments can be swayed by "hot" passions, such as anger, disgust, guilt, shame and sympathy? Aren't these feelings irrational and counterproductive? Using a functional conflict theory of emotions (FCT), Giner-Sorolla proposes that each emotion serves a number of different functions, sometimes inappropriately, and that moral emotions in particular are intimately tied to problems faced by the individuals in a group, and by groups interacting with each other. Specifically, the author suggests that these emotions help us, as individuals and group members, to: Appraise developments in the environment Learn through association Regulate our own behavior Communicate convincingly with others. Drawing on extensive research, including many studies from the author's own lab, this book shows why emotions work to encourage reasonable moral behaviour, and why they sometimes fail. This is the first single-authored volume in the field of psychology dedicated to a separate examination of the major moral and positive emotions. As such, the book is ideal reading for researchers, postgraduates and undergraduates of social psychology, sociology, philosophy and politics"--
Hiding from humanity : disgust, shame, and the law
Children's memory reports : the effect of co-witness influence
Attorneys' perceptions of lineup suggestiveness and fairness : the effects of biased lineup procedures and attitudes
Advances in applied social psychology. Vol. 3
"Since its publication in 1986, Cornish & Clarke's seminal work The Reasoning Criminal: Rational Choice Perspectives on Offending has become a very influential text in criminal decision making theory. However, Criminology seems to have lost contact with developments in other disciplines in decision making, especially with modern socio-psychological theory such as the 'Dual Process Model of Decision Making'.This book questions the extent to which criminal decision making theory should take on board recent socio-psychological results. It provides a conceptual analysis of the role of affect and cognition in criminal decision making and considers the possibility of incorporating effect within the rational choice model, as opposed to using the dual process model. In two conceptual and ten empirical chapters it is carefully argued which role emotions can and should play in decision making. Affects such as anger, shame, and sexual arousal are discussed. The empirical studies use a wide variety of methods from interviews and observations to experiments and questionnaires, and treat crimes so diverse as street robbery, pilfering, and sex offences. It will be of interest to criminologists, social psychologists, judgment and decision making (JDM) researchers, behavioral economists and sociologists alike"--
Self-made madness : rethinking illness and criminal responsibility
Crime and society
"Forensic Psychology" is written for undergraduate students of psychology and covers all the main topics in the forensic field, from the committing of the crime, through arrests, the trial process and what happens after sentencing. It is both broad enough to give a comprehensive coverage, and detailed enough to do justice to each aspect. Arranged in four parts, leading experts in the research field have commissioned experienced teachers to provide a teaching resource that is up to date and easy to use on courses. Part 1, The Anatomy of Crime includes definitions and measurements as well as theories of why crime is committed are covered. Part 2, Investigating Crime includes interviewing victims, witnesses and suspects, detecting deception and identifying perpetrators. Part 3, The Trial Process includes detailed coverage of judicial processes, safeguarding witnesses, evidence, and the role of experts in a number of contexts. Part 4, After Sentencing includes a discussion of the role of sentencing and working with offenders.
Forensic neuropsychology : fundamentals and practice
Evaluating eyewitness identification
Psychology, law and legal processes
Handbook of psychology. Vol. 11, Forensic psychology
Emotion and the law : psychological perspectives
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
Minds on trial : great cases in law and psychology
The social psychology of procedural justice
Interrogating to detect deception and truth : effects of strategic use of evidence
Emotions, crime and justice
"Forensic Psychology" provides students with an in-depth and insightful introduction to the clinical practice of forensic psychology, the assessment and treatment of individuals who interact with the legal system. This work focuses on the clinical practice of forensic psychology. It integrates research, cases, and theory that provides students with a well-balanced picture of forensic psychology. This work: incorporates two main themes, scope of practice and therapeutic jurisprudence, that focus on empirically supported clinical practice and expose students to case law and statutory law necessary in the practice of forensic psychology; utilizes real world examples and cases such as the impact of intelligence testing in the landmark Atkins vs. Virginia case that help students understand the practical role of forensic psychology; encourages an understanding of the law as a living and breathing entity, examining its ability to be therapeutic or anti-therapeutic for the people most directly affected by it; examines not only the criminal aspects of psychology and law but also civil aspects such as civil competence issues, sexual harassment claims, child custody evaluations, and personal injury cases which are often part of forensic practice; and, covers unique challenges that forensic psychologists often face clinically, legally, and ethically.
Prediction in forensic and neuropsychology : sound statistical practices
Law, fact and narrative coherence
Psychological expertise in court : psychology in the courtroom. volume 2
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
Developments in the study of criminal behaviour. 2, Violence
Criminal psychology. Vol. 2, Typologies, mental disorders, and profiles
Prosecuting child abuse : an evaluation of the government's speedy progress policy
Research Methods in Forensic Psychology
Forensic psychotherapy : crime, psychodynamics and the offender patient
The evidence of children : the law and psychology
Evaluation for risk of violence in adults
Finnish judges' and attorneys' beliefs about factors affecting eyewitness testimony
Forensic psychology : research, practice, and applications
Evaluation for child custody
From questions surrounding motives to the concept of crimes of passion, the intersection of emotional states and legal practice has long interested professionals as well as the public--recent cases involving extensive pretrial publicity, highly charged evidence, and instances of jury nullification continue to make the subject particularly timely. With these trends in mind, Emotion and the Law brings a rich tradition in social psychology into sharp forensic focus in a unique interdisciplinary volume. Emotion, mood and affective states, plus patterns of conduct that tend to arise from them in legal contexts, are analyzed in theoretical and practical terms, using real-life examples from criminal and civil cases. From these complex situations, contributors provide answers to bedrock questions--what roles affect plays in legal decision making, when these roles are appropriate, and what can be done so that emotion is not misused or exploited in legal procedures--and offer complementary legal and social/cognitive perspectives on these and other salient issues: Positive versus negative affect in legal decision making. Emotion, eyewitness memory, and false memory. The influence of emotions on juror decisions, and legal approaches to its control. A terror management theory approach to the understanding of hate crimes. Policy recommendations for managing affect in legal proceedings. Additional legal areas that can benefit from the study of emotion. Emotion and the Law clarifies theoretical grey areas, revisits current practice, and suggests possibilities for both new scholarship and procedural guidelines, making it a valuable reference for psycholegal researchers, forensic psychologists, and policymakers.
Justice needs a blindfold : effects of defendant's gender and attractiveness on judicial evaluation
Psychology and law : can justice survive the social sciences?
Crime and human nature
Behavioral law and economics
Expert testimony on the psychology of eyewitness identification
Criminal psychology. Vol. 1, Theory and research
Law and psychology
The short-term prisoner : a study in forensic psychology
Children's testimony : a handbook of psychological research and forensic practice
The psychology of law : human behavior, legal institutions, and law
Crime and personality
Criminal psychology : a beginner's guide
Identities in context : individuals and discourse in action
Reform of eyewitness identification procedures
Understanding psychology and crime : perspectives on theory and action
Summary.
Crime and nature
Reconstructing the past : the role of psychologists in criminal trials
Profiling the criminal mind : behavioral science and criminal investigative analysis
Criminal psychology. Vol. 4, Implications for juvenile justice, corrections, and reentry
Is killing wrong? : a study in pure sociology
Sociology of deviant behavior
Judging passions : moral emotions in persons and groups
Affect and cognition in criminal decision making
Forensic and criminal psychology
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Evidence-based child forensic interviewing : the developmental narrative elaboration interview
Psychology in the legal process
Prisons of the mind
Introduction to forensic psychology
Law, mind and brain
Frontiers of legal theory
Forensic psychology for dummies
Handbook of psychology in legal contexts
Understanding organizational wrongdoing
The law as a behavioral instrument
From the Publisher: "Thou shalt not kill" is arguably the most basic moral and legal principle in any society. Yet while some killers are pilloried and punished, others are absolved and acquitted, and still others are lauded and lionized. Why? The traditional answer is that how killers are treated depends on the nature of their killing, whether it was aggressive or defensive, intentional or accidental. But those factors cannot explain the enormous variation in legal officials' and citizens' responses to real-life homicides. Cooney argues that a radically new style of thought-pure sociology-can. Conceived by the sociologist Donald Black, pure sociology makes no reference to psychology, to any single person's intent, or even to individuals as such. Instead, pure sociology explains behavior in terms of its social geometry-its location and direction in a multidimensional social space. Is Killing Wrong? provides the most comprehensive assessment of pure sociology yet attempted. Drawing on data from well over one hundred societies, including the modern day United States, it represents the most thorough account yet of case-level social control, or the response to conduct defined as wrong. In doing so, it demonstrates that the law and morality of homicide are neither universal nor relative but geometrical, as predicted by Black's theory.
Child forensic psychology : victim and eyewitness memory
Detecting lies about past and future actions : the strategic use of evidence (SUE) technique and suspects' strategies
Homicidal women in Finland 1982-1992
Legal and criminal psychology
Evaluation for personal injury claims
Psychology and crime : myths and reality
The implicit relation of psychology and law : women and syndrome evidence
Proceedings of The first world conference on new trends in criminal investigation and evidence : The Hague, The Netherlands, December 1-5, 1995
CCTV, live and videotapes : how presentation mode affects the evaluation of witnesses
Psychology of interrogations, confessions and testimony
Realism of confidence in witness identification of faces and voices
The Oxford handbook of justice in the workplace
Forensic psychology : a guide to practice
Children in charge : the child's right to a fair hearing
Applied psychology
Evolutionary forensic psychology : Darwinian foundations of crime and law
The justice motive in everyday life
"Focusing exclusively on research methods in the burgeoning field of forensic psychology, this one-of-a-kind guide demonstrates how to apply generally used research methods to address specific concerns of forensic specialists. This comprehensive text provides specific advice on topics particular to forensic specialists, such as polygraphs, child testimony, eyewitness accuracy, and affects of interrogation, making this a valuable resource for academics, researchers, and graduate students as well as practicing forensic psychologists"--
