http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3585 stability (physical qualities)
stability (physical qualities)
Empowerment as a part of the peace and stability in the European North : a case of Lapland
Investment funds have emerged as significant financial intermediaries in Finland since the turn of the millennium. In this role, they supplement traditional deposit banking. However, from the perspective of financial stability, investment funds may also involve risks reminiscent of banking. One such key risk is if assets invested in funds are converted into significantly less liquid (less cash-convertible) form. Why can such liquidity transformation in a worst-case scenario pose a risk to financial stability, and how extensively is it performed among Finnish investment funds?.
Stability operations
Macroeconomic policy in the European Monetary Union : from the old to the new stability and growth pact
The Economic and Monetary Union of the European Union : a success or a failure as a system
Marine auxiliary machinery
Dżihad i nowa wielka gra : paradoksy zagrożenia wojuja̜cym islamem w Azji Centralnej = Jihad vs. the new great game: paradoxes of militant Islamic threats in Central Asia
Stability of Finnish financial system cannot be taken for granted
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
EMU : prospects and challenges for the euro
Abstract (s. 3).
In a prolonged environment of exceptionally low interest rates, the authorities are responsible for ensuring the adequate monitoring of potential vulnerabilities due to low interest rates. Before measures to manage risks can be implemented, the risks must first be identified. Owing to continuous market developments, there is a strong need to update the analysis conducted by the authorities..
Guide to the expression of uncertainty in measurement
Threats to the stability of the euro area financial system relate to the risks to global economic growth - such as uncertainties around developments in China - and to the international financial markets. The profitability of the euro area banking sector has improved from the weak level witnessed previously, but the large amount of non-performing loans continues to weigh on banks' balance sheets. Risks to the Finnish financial system are associated with the weakness of the economy and household debt. In order to contain potential overheating on the housing loan market and household indebtedness, the authorities will need new additions to their toolbox..
Stabilization and uncertain resources
Political stability and consensus : Keys to sustainable  transition
Finnish financial system exposed to risks in the real economy
Some new directions for financial stability?
The political economy of democratic institutions
Europe 2020 : towards a more social EU
"In an era of dramatic environmental change, social change is desperately needed to curb burgeoning consumption. Many calls to action have focused on individual behaviour or technological innovation, with relative silence from the social sciences on other modes and methods of intervening in social life. This book shows how we can go beyond behaviour change in the pursuit of sustainability. Inspired by the 'practice turn' in consumption studies, this interdisciplinary book looks through the lens of social practice theory to explore important and timely questions about how to intervene in social life. It discusses a range of applied sustainability topics including energy consumption, housing provision, water demand, transport, climate change, curbside recycling and smart grids, seeking to redefine what intervention is, how it happens, and who or what can intervene to address the growing list of environmental calamities facing contemporary societies. These issues are explored through a range of specific case studies from Australia, the UK and the US, providing theoretical insights that are of international relevance. The book will be of interest to researchers and students in the fields of sociology, consumption studies, environmental studies, geography, and science and technology studies, as well as policy makers and practitioners seeking to intervene in social life for sustainability"--
On the Development of John Rawls's Thought
Electric power engineering handbook. Power system stability and control
Institutions and stability : the Arctic case
Stability of AR-GARCH models
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
Abstract.
Finland's domestic financial system has continued to function well despite the prolonged recession. Short-term risks to the stability of the domestic financial system relate particularly to weaker-than-forecast developments in the Finnish economy and risks developing on the international financial markets..
Social practices, intervention and sustainability : beyond behaviour change
Understanding modern money : the key to full employment and price stability
European economy. 64, 1997 broad economic policy guidelines : the outcome of the Amsterdam European Council on stability, growth and
Household debt and banking sector concentration pose risks for Finland
Changing expectations and realities of employment stability : longitudinal analysis of tenures in Finland
The way to organizational longevity : balancing stability and change in shinise firms
Revisiting the stability and growth pact : grand design or internal adjustment?
Macroprudential supervision racing to keep pace with market developments
The influence of taxonomic diversity on the resistance to and recovery from hypoxia in a hard-bottom community
Polymer mediated surface forces
Market infrastructures : the pillars of financial stability
Data acquisition system for CO2 and O2 transmitters
Understanding the social dimension of sustainability
Ageing report : overall assessment of the effects of ageing and the adequacy of preparation for demographic changes
Airplane stability and control : a history of the technologies that made aviation possible
Never-ending second world war : public performances of national dignity and the drama of the Bronze soldier
One country, many housing markets
Household debt - how much is too much?
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
At the height of the financial crisis some weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, the Eurosystem adopted a full allotment policy in the refinancing of banks. The move from variable rate tenders and controlling the amounts of liquidity provided to the banks towards fixed interest rates was necessary when the financial intermediation capacity of the banking system had been paralysed and the traditional way implementing monetary policy had led to a significant increase in the price of central bank liquidity provision. This article examines how ensuring banks' access to liquidity through central bank operations has resulted in a situation where, for five years already, short-term money market rates have been lower than the interest rate on the main refinancing operations (MRO rate), that is, the Eurosystem's traditional key steering rate. The article discusses central banks' short-term challenges in the steering of interest rates and outlines a longer-term operational model that would enable the dual use of credit operations both for steering interest rates and, in parallel, for ensuring the availability of central bank funding. The model is based on a differentiated use of collateral in different types of operations conducted by the Eurosystem..
The future MBA : 100 ideas for making sustainability the business of business education
The Finnish financial system has operated smoothly amid the difficult economic conditions of the past few years. However, financial stability can never be taken for granted. Due to the structural vulnerabilities of the financial system - the concentration and interconnectedness of the financial sector - the consequences of financial crisis could be particularly serious in Finland. To strengthen the stability of the system, the macroprudential toolkit available to the Finnish authorities should be brought to an internationally comparable level..
"Go North, Young Man" : gendered discourses on climate change and security in the Arctic
After a decade of moving from plan to market economies, variations in the rate of economic reforms and performance are evident for transition countries.For many, stabilisation of economic fundamentals has given way toward the issues of creating deeper institutional and structural reforms.The evidence of successful transitions indicates a positive link between liberalisation and economic performance.However, the evidence does not fully capture the domestic country-specific choice of political regime and the degree of social consensus.This paper, part of a two-paper series, argues that these are important explanatory variables for the rate of transition chosen by a country and for sustained reforms for fast-reformers.Political stability and consensus correlate with a faster reform effort.Political instability and lack of consensus, corresponding to conflict zones, correlates with delayed reform. Evidence from transition countries shows that the countries in the latter group, e.g. countries in the Caucasus, shift to a fast-track reform process once political stability and consensus replace internal conflict.In contrast, countries with political stability but lack of consensus remain relatively stagnant in their rates of economic reforms and economic growth. .
Control systems engineering
Challenging consumption : pathways to a more sustainable future
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
Leadership, change and responsibility
Justice and stability
Electronic braking, traction, and stability controls, Volume 2
Community price stabilazation : theory and empirical evidence
Conceptual analysis and an insider's empirical case of growth venturing for sustainability
Less but better : towards sustainability in the fashion
On stochastic modelling and reliability of systems with moving cracked material
Two targets, one instrument: Steering interest rates and preserving financial stability with Eurosystem credit operations
Investment funds have grown significantly in Finland : do their operations involve stability risks?
Hedge funds' risks and implications to financial stability
Cultural and Sustainability in European Cities : Imagining Europolis
Cyclical stabilisation under the stability and growth pact : how effective are automatic stabilisers?
The financial system consists of financial institutions and the market infrastructures that connect them. They are both key to the stability of the system as a whole. The basic assumption is that infrastructures function reliably, and their criticality is noticed only in the event of a disruption. Stability analysis should, therefore, increasingly extend its focus to include both the functioning of infrastructures and their interconnectedness with financial institutions..
