http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3591 statistics (discipline)
statistics (discipline)
Statistical first aid : interpretation of health research data
Elementary statistics
The advanced theory of statistics. Volume 3, Design and analysis, and time-series
Coveriate measurement error in binary regression models
Introductory statistics : a conceptual approach using R
Asset allocation, multivariate position based trading, and the stylized facts
Abstract.
The fundamentals of statistical reasoning
Advanced calculus with applications in statistics
Practical statistics : simply explained
Practical statistics for students : an introductory text
Qualitative data analysis : a user-friendly guide for social scientists
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2009 : Special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki
Breakthroughs in statistics. Vol. 2, Methodology and distribution
Applied regression analysis : a research tool
Contributions to mathematics, statistics, econometrics, and finance : essays in honour of professor Seppo Pynnönen
Geostatistics for environmental scientists
Statistical methods in dental research, with special reference to time-to-event methods
In the spatial or space-time context, specifying the correct covariance function is important to obtain efficient predictions and to understand the underlying physical process of interest. There have been several books in recent years in the general area of spatial statistics. This book focuses on covariance and variogram functions, their role in prediction, and the proper choice of these functions in data applications. Presenting recent methods from 2004-2007 alongside more established methodology of assessing the usual assumptions on such functions such as isotropy, separability and symmetry and demonstrates the effects of incorrect covariance functions on prediction.
Data collection and analysis : basic statistics
Advanced statistical methods for the analysis of large data-sets
Ranking of multivariate populations : a permutation approach with applications
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2004.
Pharmaceutical statistics
Even you can learn statistics and analytics : an easy to understand guide to statistics and analytics
Compositional data analysis : theory and applications
Statistics from scratch
Modelling of conditional variance and uncertainty using industrial process data
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2007.
Statistical and mathematical methodologies are usually perceived by people working in food science as complex and difficult subjects, and most food scientists and professionals receive limited instruction in them. This hinders the implementation of statistical and mathematical methodologies in food science and limits the usability and application of these techniques for research that contains a large quantity of complex data. These statistical techniques are necessary for the development and evaluation of food products and processes. They are also important for studying mechanisms underlying different phenomena that may affect product quality or the unit operations in food development. Mathematical and Statistical Methods in Food Science and Technology offers accessible and practical information, suitable for readers across a range of knowledge levels and food-related disciplines, for applying statistical and mathematical technologies in food science. The book's, focus is on the application of complex methodologies which have been recently introduced in the field (managing physicochemical, chemical, theological, nutritional, and sensory data) and have proven to be extremely useful in characterizing new products and processes in the food industries. Theoretical explanations, practical examples and case studies ensure that this is an easy-to-follow and comprehensive text, not just a theoretical guide for non-statisticians. It will therefore be of value to all food science professionals with varying degrees of statistical skill, as well as researchers, undergraduate and graduate students. Book jacket.
Elementary statistics using Excel. Student's solutions manual
Statistical analysis in microbiology : statnotes
The advanced theory of statistics. Volume 1, Distribution theory
Association models for multivariate binary response
Interactive graphics for data analysis : principles and examples
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Even you can learn statistics : a guide for everyone who has ever been afraid of statistics
Nonparametric Statistical Methods Using R covers traditional nonparametric methods and rank-based analyses, including estimation and inference for models ranging from simple location models to general linear and nonlinear models for uncorrelated and correlated responses. The authors emphasize applications and statistical computation. They illustrate the methods with many real and simulated data examples using R, including the packages Rfit and npsm. The book first gives an overview of the R language and basic statistical concepts before discussing nonparametrics. It presents rank-based methods for one- and two-sample problems, procedures for regression models, computation for general fixed-effects ANOVA and ANCOVA models, and time-to-event analyses. The last two chapters cover more advanced material, including high breakdown fits for general regression models and rank-based inference for cluster correlated data.
Introduction to Bayesian statistics
Statistics for business
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2002.
The design and analysis of industrial experiments
Business statistics by example
"Good design considers units and treatments first, and then allocates treatments to units. It does not choose from a menu of named designs. This approach requires a notation for units that does not depend on the treatments applied. Most structure on the set of observational units, or on the set of treatments, can be defined by factors. This book develops a coherent framework for thinking about factors and their relationships, including the use of Hasse diagrams. These are used to elucidate structure, calculate degrees of freedom and allocate treatment subspaces to appropriate strata. Based on a one-term course the author has taught since 1989, the book is ideal for advanced undergraduate and beginning graduate courses. Examples, exercises and discussion questions are drawn from a wide range of real applications: from drug development, to agriculture, to manufacturing."--BOOK JACKET.
Business statistics : a decision-making approach
Probability and statistics: formulae
Statistics for management
Statistics explained
Basic business statistics : concepts and applications: study guide
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 1999-2000, Suomen tilastoseuran juhlakirja
Elementary decision theory
Statistics for management and economics
Learning to use the SPSS batch system
Bulletin of the International Statistical Institute = Bulletin de l'Institut international de statistique. Tome 58, ISI 99, 52nd session : proceedings, contributions : three books = ISI 99, 52ème session : actes, communications libres : trois livraisons
Question evaluation methods : contributing to the science of data quality
Statistical methods in biology
The Cambridge dictionary of statistics
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
Radio variability of active galactic nuclei : analysis of long-term multifrequency data
Everything you always wanted to know about elementary statistics (but were afraid to ask)
Statistics for Linguists : A Step-by-Step Guide for Novices
Epidemiology, biostatistics, and preventive medicine
Schaum's outlines. Statistics
Basic statistics : an introduction with R
Statistics for health professionals
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2013-2014
Introductory statistics
Statistica
Practical biostatistics : a user-friendly approach for evidence-based medicine
Structural equation modeling : a multidisciplinary journal
Business mathematics and statistics
Applied categorical data analysis
Sage publications / SRM database
Statistics and chemometrics for analytical chemistry
The language of basic statistics : a participant learning programme for students in education and the social sciences
NTTS -Conferences on New Techniques and Technologies for Statistics : the meeting place for Research in Official Statistics : poster sessions : full papers : Brussels, 18-20 February 2009.
Introduction to the theory of statistical inference
Just plain data analysis : finding, presenting, and interpreting social science data
Statistical methods for quality assurance : basics, measurement, control, capability, and improvement
Paradigms in statistical inference for finite populations up to the 1950s
Statistics : with a view toward applications
Statistics : a guide to business and economics
Introduction to statistics
Statistics : principles and methods : solutions manual to accompany
Applied statistics for food and agricultural scientists
An introduction to mathematical statistics and its applications
Journal of the Royal Statistical Society. Ser. C, Applied statistics
Just Plain Data Analysis teaches students statistical literacy skills that they can use to evaluate and construct arguments about public affairs issues grounded in numerical evidence. The book addresses skills that are often not taught in introductory social science research methods courses and that are often covered sketchily in the research methods textbooks: where to find commonly used measures of political and social conditions; how to assess the reliability and validity of specific indicators; how to present data efficiently in charts and tables; how to avoid common misinterpretations and misrepresentations of data; and how to evaluate causal arguments based on numerical data. With a new chapter on statistical fallacies and updates throughout the text, the new edition teaches students how to find, interpret, and present commonly used social indicators in an even clearer and more practical way.
Handbook of structural equation modeling
Elementary statistics : a workbook
Nonparametric statistical methods using R
Statistical reasoning and methods
Statistics
General statistics
Basic statistical ideas for managers
Nonparametric statistics for the behavioral sciences : international student edition
Statistical analysis and modelling of spatial point patterns
Elements of statistics
"This handbook offers comprehensive coverage of structural equation modeling (SEM), beginning with background issues, continuing through statistical underpinnings and steps in implementation, then moving into basic and advanced applications of SEM. In a single volume, it offers virtually complete coverage of SEM and its use".
Statistical methods for the evaluation of university systems
Spatial statistics and spatio-temporal data : covariance functions and directional properties
Applied regression : an introduction
Breakthroughs in statistics. Vol. 1, Foundations and basic theory
Handbook of design research methods in education : innovations in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics learning and teaching
Statistical tables
Design and analysis of experiments with R
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2005.
Study guide for principles of statistics
Survey methodology : a journal of Statistics Canada
ENSO Signal propagation detected by wavelet coherence and mean phase coherence methods
Statistical models for test equating, scaling, and linking
Measuring scholarly impact
Sfs-käsikirja. 178, Tilastollinen laatusanasto : Glossaary of statistical terms of quality control
Communications in statistics. B, Simulation and computation
Adjustment for covariate measurement errors in complex surveys : a simulation study of three competing methods
How to lie with statistics
mathematics for the health sciences
Generalized inference in repeated measures : Exact methods in MANOVA and mixed models
R for dummies
Jekel's epidemiology, biostatistics, preventive medicine, and public health
Statistix : version 4.0 user's manual
Agricultural statistics 1847-1926 : report and tables
An introduction to stochastic processes : with special reference to methods and applications
Methods of statistical analysis
Adventures in social research : data analysis using SPSS 11.0/11.5 for Windows
This book is an authoritative handbook of current topics, technologies and methodological approaches that may be used for the study of scholarly impact. The included methods cover a range of fields such as statistical sciences, scientific visualization, network analysis, text mining, and information retrieval. The techniques and tools enable researchers to investigate metric phenomena and to assess scholarly impact in new ways. Each chapter offers an introduction to the selected topic and outlines how the topic, technology or methodological approach may be applied to metrics-related research. Comprehensive and up-to-date, Measuring Scholarly Impact: Methods and Practice is designed for researchers and scholars interested in informetrics, scientometrics, and text mining. The hands-on perspective is also beneficial to advanced-level students in fields from computer science and statistics to information science.
Statistics for engineering and the sciences
Statistics : a first course
Examples and problems in mathematical statistics
Written by a prominent statistician and author, the first edition of this bestseller broke new ground in the then emerging subject of spatial statistics with its coverage of spatial point patterns. Retaining all the material from the second edition and adding substantial new material, Statistical Analysis of Spatial and Spatio-Temporal Point Patterns, Third Edition presents models and statistical methods for analyzing spatially referenced point process data. Reflected in the title, this third edition now covers spatio-temporal point patterns. It explores the methodological developments from the last decade along with diverse applications that use spatio-temporally indexed data. Practical examples illustrate how the methods are applied to analyze spatial data in the life sciences. This edition also incorporates the use of R through several packages dedicated to the analysis of spatial point process data. Sample R code and data sets are available on the author's website --
Quantifying regional variation in the survival of cancer patients
Statistical tables for biological, agricultural and medical research
Statistical theory
Design of comparative experiments
Manual of experimental statistics
Data analysis and research for sport and exercise science : a student guide
Effects of reliability and stability on parameter estimation of the simplex model : some simulation results
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
Business and economics statistics with computer applications
Statistical methodology for structural equation models involving latent variables with dichotomous indicators
The advanced theory of statistics. Volume 2, Inference and relationship
Order statistics
Asymptotics and dynamics in first-passage and continuum percolation
Statistics : principles and methods
The goal of this book is to emphasize the formal statistical features of the practice of equating, linking, and scaling. This book encourages the view and discusses the quality of the equating results from the statistical perspective (new models, robustness, fit, testing hypotheses, statistical monitoring) as opposed to placing the focus on the policy and the implications, which although very important, represent a different side of the equating practice. This book contributes to establishing 'equating' as a theoretical field, a view that has not been offered often before. The tradition in the practice of equating has been to present the knowledge and skills needed as a craft, which implies that only with years of experience under the guidance of a knowledgeable practitioner could one acquire the required skills. This book challenges this view by indicating how a good equating framework, a sound understanding of the assumptions that underlie the psychometric models, and the use of statistical tests and statistical process control tools can help the practitioner navigate the difficult decisions in choosing the final equating function. This book provides a valuable reference for several groups: statisticians and psychometricians interested in the theory behind equating methods, in the use of model-based statistical methods for data smoothing, and in the evaluation of the equating results in applied work; practitioners who need to equate tests, including those with these responsibilities in testing companies, state testing agencies, and school districts; and, instructors in psychometric, measurement, and psychology programs.
Workshop statistics : discovery with data and the graphing calculator
Essentials of business statistics
Linear statistical inference and its applications
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2003.
Evidence from wavelet lag coherence for negligible solar forcing of climate at multi-year and decadal periods
Statistics for engineers
Workbook to accompany Statistics: concepts and applications for science
Qualitative data analysis : a user-friendly guide for social scientist
Handbook of Monte Carlo methods
Methods and applications of statistics in the social and behavioral sciences
Statistics for business and economics
Erikoissairaanhoidon hoitoonpääsy vuosina 2007–2012 = Tillgången till specialiserad sjukvård åren 2007–2012 = Access to services in specialised health care in 2007–2012
"The success of the Apgar score demonstrates the astounding power of an appropriate clinical instrument. This down-to-earth book provides practical advice, underpinned by theoretical principles, on developing and evaluating measurement instruments in all fields of medicine. It equips you to choose the most appropriate instrument for specific purposes. The book covers measurement theories, methods and criteria for evaluating and selecting instruments. It provides methods to assess measurement properties, such as reliability, validity and responsiveness, and interpret the results. Worked examples and end-of-chapter assignments use real data and well-known instruments to build your skills at implementation and interpretation through hands-on analysis of real-life cases. All data and solutions are available online. This is a perfect course book for students and a perfect companion for professionals/researchers in the medical and health sciences who care about the quality and meaning of the measurements they perform"--Provided by publisher.
Into statistics : a guide to understanding statistical concepts in engineering and the sciences
Ideas of statistics
Statistics for the utterly confused
Statistical methods for organizational research : theory and practice
Asymptotic properties of stationary sequences
Applications of industrial statistics
Beginning R : the statistical programming language
On the relative goodness of ordinary least squares estimation in the general linear model
Expert systems in statistics : selected papers from a workshop, organized by the working group "Computational Statistics" of the German Region of the International Biometric Society : December 6-7, 1985, Aachen, F.R.G
The new form statistical tables
Data Analysis Using Regression and Multilevel/Hierarchical Models is a comprehensive manual for the applied researcher who wants to perform data analysis using linear and nonlinear regression and multilevel models. The book introduces a wide variety of models, whilst at the same time instructing the reader in how to fit these models using available software packages. The book illustrates the concepts by working through scores of real data examples that have arisen from the authors' own applied research, with programming codes provided for each one. Topics covered include causal inference, including regression, poststratification, matching, regression discontinuity, and instrumental variables, as well as multilevel logistic regression and missing-data imputation. Practical tips regarding building, fitting, and understanding are provided throughout.
World malaria report 2012.
Complete idiot's guide to statistics
Statistical measurements for economics and administration
Probability with a view toward statistics. Vol. 1
The Norwegian pattern of international migration changed profoundly in the last part of the previous century. Norway is now an immigration country, with a significant immigration surplus from all parts of the world. This is a comparatively new phenomenon in Norwegian society. In accordance with Norwegian traditions, it called for research. During the last 10-15 years, the amount of statistics and analyses on immigration and immigrants has been growing, inside and outside Statistics Norway. Ethical aspects should be important, as this a very sensitive field. Questions have been raised as to the use of immigrant as a permanent classification in analyses, comprising even persons who never immigrated themselves. The basic idea of this article is that as long as the concept of immigrant is useful in revealing discriminatory practices, we have to carry out the analysis. Without knowledge of discrimination we cannot work effectively against it. .
Analysis of microdata
Statistics : a spectator sport
This accessible guide is the ideal introduction to R for complete beginners. Learn to master the programming language of choice among statisticians and data analysts worldwide.
Statistical decision theory
How to display data
Design and Analysis of Experiments with R presents a unified treatment of experimental designs and design concepts commonly used in practice. It connects the objectives of research to the type of experimental design required, describes the process of creating the design and collecting the data, shows how to perform the proper analysis of the data, and illustrates the interpretation of results. Drawing on his many years of working in the pharmaceutical, agricultural, industrial chemicals, and machinery industries, the author teaches students how to: •Make an appropriate design choice based on the objectives of a research project •Create a design and perform an experiment •Interpret the results of computer data analysis The book emphasizes the connection among the experimental units, the way treatments are randomized to experimental units, and the proper error term for data analysis. R code is used to create and analyze all the example experiments. The code examples from the text are available for download on the author’s website, enabling students to duplicate all the designs and data analysis.
Studyguide for Matrix algebra useful for statistics
Design and analysis of experiments
Basic statistics
Introduction to statistical mediation analysis
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Introduction to statistical theory
Markov random fields in cancer mutation dependencies
Statistics for social workers
Understanding statistics
On quality selection
A First course in business statistics
Applied statistics for economists : a course in statistical methods
The authors bring more than twenty-five years of unmatched experience to this text, along with sound statistical methodology, a proven problem-scenario approach, and meaningful applications that clearly demonstrate how statistical information informs decisions in the business world. Thoroughly updated, the text's more than 350 real business examples, cases, and memorable exercises present the latest statistical data and business information with unwavering accuracy. And, to give you the most relevant text you can get for your course, you select the topics you want, including coverage of popular commercial statistical software programs like Minitab 16 and Excel 2013, along with StatTools and other leading Excel 2013 statistical add-ins. These optional chapter appendices, coordinating online data sets, and support materials like the CengageNOW online course management system, make Statistics For Business and Economics Revised 12e the most customizable, efficient, and powerful approach to teaching business statistics available today.
Univariate, bivariate, and multivariate methods in corpus-based lexicography : a study of synonymy
100 questions (and answers) about statistics
Mathematical and statistical methods in food science and technology
The tao of statistics : a path to understanding (with no math)
"Now fully updated for "big data" analytics and the newest applications, Even You Can Learn Statistics and Analytics, Third Edition is the practical, up-to-date introduction to statistics and analytics -- for everyone! One easy step at a time, you'll learn all the statistical techniques you'll need for finance, marketing, quality, science, social science, or anything else. Simple jargon-free explanations help you understand every technique, and realistic examples and worked problems give you all the hands-on practice you'll need. This edition contains more practical examples than ever -- all updated for the newest versions of Microsoft Excel. You'll find downloadable practice files, templates, data sets, and sample models -- including complete solutions you can put right to work in business, school, or anywhere else."--Publisher's description.
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2001.
Understanding Data : principles & practice of statistics
Basic business statistics : concepts and applications
Introduction to statistics : a fresh approach
Statistical analysis of spatial and spatio-temporal point patterns
Data analysis using regression and multilevel/hierarchical models
A basic course in statistics
The improbability principle : why incredibly unlikely things keep happening
Introduction to probability
Statistics for the terrified
Journal of official statistics : an international review
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Why analyze immigrants? : ethical and empirical aspects
Proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Topological Algebra and Applications, Oulu 2-6 July, 2001
Ggplot2 : elegant graphics for data analysis
Robustness of statistical tests
Introduction to difference equations : with illustrative examples from economics, psychology, and sociology
Bibliography of statistical literature 1950-1958
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2006.
This book presents a collection of statistical methods and procedures to assess data coming from educational systems. The topics examined include: statistical methods for constructing composite indicators, applied measurements, assessment of educational systems, measurement of the performance of the students at Italian universities, and statistical modeling for questionnaire data. Other issues are the implications of introducing different assessment criteria and procedures to the Italian university system.
Statistical theory & method abstracts
Biostatistics : the bare essentials
The teaching and learning of statistics : international perspectives
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Regression modeling strategies : with applications to linear models, logistic and ordinal regression and survival analysis
OECD economic outlook
Biostatistics : a foundation for analysis in the health sciences
Elementary survey sampling
