http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3597 digital study material
digital study material
A different journey : the puzzle behind the production
The analysis of the instructor accounts reveals three kinds of closely related problems inherent in the assessment of multimodality. First, there is a problem associated with the use of conventional criteria of texts, such as clarity or coherence, when instructors attempt to apply those to visuals. Secondly, there is a problem associated with the instructors attempt to describe the inter-dynamic relationship between the textual mode and the visual mode. These problems are related by a term, ''linkage,'' which is defined as containing material, technical, and theoretical aspects. Finally, there is a problem in the actual assessment of the projects that seems to be a consequence of the multiplicity of meaning available in the complex compositions. The instructors seem to abandon a criterion motivated assessment in favor of a more holistic procedure that relies upon implicit standards of rhetorical affect or creative or aesthetic qualities. The study concludes with recommendations for improved assessment practice and suggestions for further research.
Admissions : English & psychiatric care
Book alone is not enough : enriching printed learning material with  digital mobile technology
Presentations for librarians : a complete guide to creating effective, learner-centred presentations
Designing computer-based learning materials
Summary (s. 9-15).
The educational potential of e-portfolios : supporting personal development and reflective learning
Get it! : Molecular biology
The use of electronic teaching aids in the teaching of EFL in Finland Swedish lower secondary schools : a survey of teachers' experiences and attitudes
Emancipating and developing learning activity : systemic intervention and re-instrumentation in higher education
Designing for designers : the case Datafisher : customized design toolkit to support digital learning design processes
A guide to authentic E-learning
The digital classroom : how technology is changing the way we teach and lear
Teaching & learning online : new pedagogies for new technologies
Literacy lessons for a digital world : using blogs, wikis, podcasts, and more to meet the demands of the common core
Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian : audio supplement to accompany Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian, a textbook
Summary.
Giving knowledge for free : the emergence of open educational resources
From blogs to bombs : the future of digital technologies in education
Mobile learning and video experience in delivering digital content
Book alone is not enough : enriching printed learning material with digital mobile technology
Reusable digital learning material production
New spaces for language learning : a study of student interaction in media production in English
Creating content with your tablet
Interactive open educational resources : a guide to finding, choosing, and using what's out there to transform college teaching
The future of higher education : how emerging technologies will change education forever
Producing teaching materials : a handbook for teachers and trainers
Student reactions to learning with technologies : perceptions and outcomes
From start to Finnish : a short course in Finnish
Considering individual differences in computer-supported special and elementary education
Podcasting for learning in universities
Understanding the digital generation : teaching and learning in the new digital landscape
Integrating technology in learning & teaching : a practical guide for educators
E-tivities : the key to active online learning
Video research in the learning sciences
Digital games and mathematics learning : potential, promises and pitfalls
Promoting meaningful learning through the integrated use of digital videos
An evaluation method for virtual learning applications
Round-up : English grammer practice. 4
Interactive open educational resources : a guide to finding, choosing and using what's out there to transform college teaching
Creativity and technology : social media, mobiles and museums
Digital game-based learning
mLearn 2012 Conference Proceedings : 11th World Conference on Mobile and Contextual Learning, 15-18 October, Helsinki, Finland
Copyright and e-learning : a guide for practitioners
Delivering digitally : managing the transition to the knowledge media
Minds online : teaching effectively with technology
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Educational Technology in Cultural Context : September 2-3, 2002, Joensuu, Finland
Augmented education : bringing real and virtual learning together
Perspectives for European e-learning businesses : markets, technologies and strategies
Words onscreen : the fate of reading in a digital world
Classrooms without borders : using Internet projects to teach communication and collaboration
Improving achievement with digital age best practices
Distance education on networks and the use of multimedia in teaching in Finland
Educational podcasts : towards a pedagogy for mobile learning
How to create podcasts for education
On educational game design : building blocks of flow experience
Learning design : a handbook on modelling and delivering networked education and training
Preparing for blended e-learning
"This book brings together recent research findings about the views and expectations of students when including technologies in their studies, suggesting that the use of technologies in teaching not only makes learning more interesting but also offers possibilities for variations in the learning processes"--Provided by publisher.
Learning in groups : a handbook for face-to-face and online environments
Designing and producing digital videos as problem-based learning cycle to support meaningful learning
Cyber spaces/social spaces : culture clash in computerized classrooms
Beyond textbooks : digital learning resources as systemic innovation in the Nordic countries
Immersive learning : designing for authentic practice
Contemporary perspectives in e-learning research : themes, methods, and impact on practice
IPad® in education for dummies® / by Sam Gliksman
Assessing visual rhetoric : problems, practices and possible solutions
Future educational technologies
A new literacies sampler
Language and learning in the digital age
Digital storytelling in the classroom : new media pathways to literacy, learning, and creativity
Student mobility in a digital world : final report of the VICTORIOUS project
Contextual text summarization for content processing in mobile learning
The digital classroom : harnessing technology for the future of learning and teaching
Teaching every student in the digital age : universal design for learning
This book is important and relevant for teachers, instructional designers, and the general public. The book is written in a friendly, conversational style, and Miller brings together a broad knowledge of the field, grounded in her experiences as an instructor and cognitive scientist. -- Richard E. Mayer, University of California, Santa Barbara.
Teaching with tablets
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Foreword / Emlyn Koster. -- Introduction / Wayne LaBar. -- From headphones to microphones : mobile social media in the museum as distributed network / Nancy Proctor. -- Museum education and mobile for museums : conceptual considerations between old issues and new challenges / Theo Hug. -- iPhone and its use in museums / Bjarki Valtysson, Nanna Holdgaard & Rich Ling. -- Web empowerment for cultural heritage organizations : towards a theoretical framework / Monica Murrio. -- Panoscope 360 : an ethnography of the appropriation of an interactive and immersive technology / Letizia Daronia, André H. Caron. -- Click history : wherever, whenever / Kathleen Hulser, Steve Bull. -- Portable and playful : locative media, art and games in the mobile space / Martha Ladly. -- Ego-trap : the design and implementation of a digital narrative / Anne Kahr-Højland. -- Mobile devices for promoting museum learning / Timothy D. Zimmerman. -- Placing our bets : building a national museum's media strategy from scratch / Corey Timpson. -- Virtual worlds as technologies for lifelong learning and the implications for museums / Joe Sanchez. -- Mobile phones for informal science center learning : a socio-technical analysis / James E. Katz, Kate Haley Goldman & Susan Foutz. -- Gyroscopic museum / Wayne Labar. -- Conclusion / James E. Katz, Lora Appel & Ellen Lynch.
This study examines the professed and actual practices of assessment of freshman year composition instructors. The aim of the study was to elicit the criteria and standards of assessment that guided the instructor's readings of the documents created by students for a visual rhetoric assignment. A set of interviews conducted at the beginning and end of the semester provided the data for analysis. A traditional grounded method of qualitative analysis was combined with a network textual analysis to understand the individual instructor accounts of their experience evaluating the student works.
Oxford student's multimedia : CD-ROM dictionary
DIY media : creating, sharing and learning with new technologies
A continuously processed business game construction for business process training
Lessons learned from an elearning implementation : an insight into tomorrow's education method in practice
Managing electronic reserves
E-learning : concepts and practice
Breaking down the digital walls : learning to teach in a post-modem world
Learning and instruction in the digital age
The role of information and communication technologies (ICTs) within an educational bilingual programme in Finland : a case study under CLIL approach perception
