http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p36 communication
communication
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
Intercultural communication and ideology
Nordicom review : Journal from the Nordic Information Centre for Media and Communication Research
Communicating science in social contexts : new models, new practices
To support the employment of a rehabilitee
Sex differences in human communication
This volume examines maintaining relationships through communications through relational, contextual, and cultural variations. Topics covered include: family relationships; romantic relationships; repair after transgression; long-distance relationships; relational maintenance in organizational settings; gay/lesbian relationships; culturally-mixed couples; marriage in Russia and the United States; and maintaining relationships in Korea.
Taking sides : clashing views on controversial issues in mass media and society
Messages, a reader in human communication
Developments and Innovations in Interpreting for Deafblind People
The instructional design knowledge base : theory, research, and practice
Although communication is central to the humanities and social sciences, the inter-cultural level is often, peculiarly, left out of accounts. So what is intercultural communication? How does it relate to global processes and questions of identity? This comprehensive book examines the main features of intercultural communication. It critically examines the main positions in the field. It addresses intercultural communication within the context of global politics. It seeks to address the specific problems that derive from Western ideology and it sets out an agenda for research. The book investigates categories of cultural action and itemizes the machinery for the illumination of inter-cultural processes. Holliday shows how a dialogue between national structures and creative universal cultural skills can be carried on in new locations. He relates intercultural communication to the topics of multiculturalism, cosmopolitanism and globalization. The book addresses how ideology permeates inter-cultural processes and develops an alternative 'grammar' of culture. Insightful, bold and inspirational, the book is a landmark contribution to the field.
Linguistics : an introduction to language and communication
System and structure : essays in communication and exchange
Exploring the phenomenon of host confirmity pressure : immigrants' experiences of host conformity pressure in Finland in relation to their acculturation processes
Process model of goal communication in e-leading : case Protomo
"All communication is intercultural" : applying the concepts of culture shock and adaptation to transition processes of graduates from student life to work life
Critical success factors of Finnish-Mexican interpersonal communication in the business context
The visual effects arsenal : VFX solutions for the independent filmmaker
This updated edition explores the basic components of the framing process including communication goals, mental models, context, priming for spontaneity, language use, and believability frames (for ethical communication). This new edition is organized to emphasize the skills, science, art ethics and the history of research on framing. The author offers a better understanding of the subject, a diagnostic instrument, current research on the unconscious learning process, dramatic examples of framing applications, updated examples throughout. It explores its current popularity of framing in media studies, decision making, and multi-party conflicts.
The Nordic media market 2009 : media companies and business activities
Communication, culture, and organizational processes
Organizational conflict, conflict management, and communication : a social complexity perspective
Politics and the Twitter Revolution: How Tweets Influence the Relationship between Political Leaders and the Public by John H. Parmelee and Shannon L. Bichard is the first comprehensive examination of how Twitter is used politically. Surveys and in-depth interviews with political Twitter users answer several important questions, including: Who follows the political leaders on Twitter, and why? How persuasive are political tweets? Is political Twitter use good for democracy? These and other questions are answered from theoretical perspectives, such as uses and gratifications, word-of-mouth communication, selective exposure, innovation characteristics, and the continuity-discontinuity framework. In addition, content analysis and frame analysis illustrate how political leaders' tweets frame their policies and personalities. The findings in Politics and the Twitter Revolution show Twitter to be surprisingly influential on political discourse. Twitter has caused major changes in how people engage politically. Followers regularly take actions that are requested in leaders' tweets, and, in many cases, leaders' tweets shape followers' political views more than friends and family. Other findings raise concerns. For some, Twitter use contributes to political polarization, and there is frequently a disconnect between what followers expect from leaders on Twitter and what those leaders are giving them.
Nonviolent communication : a language of life
Baby signs
Business passport to Japan
Jyväskylä studies in communication
Communication research
Contemporary communication research methods
Communications : the European journal of communication research
CREATING AN INTRANET PORTAL FOR THE STRATEGY OF HALTON GROUP
Intercommunication among nations and peoples
Communication competence
This is a practical book on negotiation in all realms of life. The authors cover the steps in the negotiating process and describe the necessary interpersonal skills for effective negotiators. They look at the factors that cause negotiations to break down, what to do when that happens, and the ethical and moral dimensions of negotiation. Chapters 7-12 examine key areas of life in which negotiation takes place: interpersonal relations, the workplace, consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. The book: contains practitioner interviews; provides readers with real-world examples; and, emphasizes throughout the day-to-day relevance of negotiating skills.
Science communication, as a multidisciplinary field, has developed remarkably in recent years. It is now a distinct and exceedingly dynamic science that melds theoretical approaches with practical experience. Formerly well-established theoretical models now seem out of step with the social reality of the sciences, and the previously clear-cut delineations and interacting domains between cultural fields have blurred. Communicating Science in Social Contexts examines that shift, which itself depicts a profound recomposition of knowledge fields, activities and dissemination practices, and the val.
International Seminar on Mass Media Development : Oslo, 23-25 September 1983 : report
Communication and democracy
Risk communication and risk perception : the case of nuclear power public debate in Lithuania
Orientation to working in a nursing home for health care workers : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses in Nurmikoti
Electronic empires : global media and local resistance
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Reconstructing communicating : looking to a future
Communication Strategy in Projects : High Technology Sector Viewpoint
Informal roles within eSport teams : a content analysis of the game 'Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
Organization change : creating new business line merging two corporation’s units into one
Rethinking communication. Vol. 1, Paradigm issues
Transnational data flows in the information age
Communication in everyday use
A guide to teaching information literacy : 101 practical tips
Handbook of intercultural communication and cooperation. Vol. 1, Basics and Areas of application
Finland, cultural lone wolf
On speech communication : an anthology of contemporary writings and messages
Quality of service for triple play services in heterogeneous networks
Argumentation : analysis and practices
Intercultural crisis communication during the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster
Thinking Globally, Acting Locally : Creating International Network for Team Entrepreneurs®
Facilitated communication : the clinical and social phenomen
Undergraduate & graduate performance development in UK Higher Education
Analyzing multimodal interaction : a methodological framework
Journal of communication
The languages of communication : a logical and psychological examination
Communication accommodation between healthcare providers at a private hospital in England : how does identity talk?
Digital Communications Plan: Seek Tapahtumasuunnittelu
From a tourist's conception to a graphic image : a case study in practice-based research
Business communication quarterly
Diversity management and intercultural communication experiences in multicultural organisations in South Ostrobothnia
Mobile communication and society : a global perspective : a project of the Annenberg Research Network on international communication
Visual communication : images with messages
Communication in recovery : perspectives on twelve-step groups
Inter/media : interpersonal communication in a media world
Verba/visual crossings : 1880-1980
The Routledge Handbook of Applied Communication Research provides a state-of-the-art review of communication scholarship that addresses real-world concerns, issues, and problems. This comprehensive examination of applied communication research - including its foundations, research methods employed, significant issues confronted, important contexts in which such research has been conducted, and overviews of some exemplary programs of applied communication research shows how such research has and can make a difference in the world and in people's lives. Unique to this volume are chapters presenting exemplary programs of applied communication research that demonstrate the principles and practices of such scholarship, written by the scholars who conducted the programs.
The art of building trust via e-communication channels : post-acquisition integration as a special context
RACE 1994 : research and technology development in advanced communications technologies in Europe
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
Global media discourse : a critical introduction
Intercultural competence as a succes factor of virtual multicultural teams : a case study on the team effectiveness of global HR teams
Fashion, media, promotion : the new black magic
Recent advances in land owner extension : proceedings of the IUFRO 3.08 Symposium with a special theme of peer-to-peer learning among land owners, 3-5 April 2011, Kuusamo, Finland
Understanding communication theory : a beginner's guide
Mapping media and communication research : the Netherlands
The international encyclopedia of communication theory and philosophy
Culture and perceptions of power in teacher-student communication
Fog of Falsehood: Russian Strategy of Deception and the Conflict in Ukraine
Political communication research : approaches, studies, and assessments. Volume 2
OPTIMIZING OWNED MEDIA IN A BUSINESS-TO-BUSINESS ICT COMPANY : Case Company: TMA Solutions, Vietnam
The blog as a communication tool : an analysis of Finnish museums' blogs
Diseases which spread due to lack of sanitation facilities and knowledge on hygiene can in the worst case cause death. The problem occurs worldwide, and it touches mainly the lives of the poorest. Access to sanitation facilities is a significant way to improve people`s well-being. Turku University of Applied Sciences, Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland and Salvation Army of Swaziland have built dry toilets in an urban community in the capital of Swaziland in southern Africa. Dry toilets take control over the bacteria and prevent environmental degradation. In addition, the final compost product from the dry toilets can be utilised to prevent soil erosion, and the separated urine as a fertiliser in gardening. The thesis work aims to support the final phase of the dry sanitation project and a safe exit strategy.  Dry sanitation meets the criteria of an innovation as a new sanitation solution in the community. In addition to the innovation, according to Everett M. Rogers` Diffusion of Innovations Theory other factors influencing the diffusion process are the target community, time and communication channels. The study focused on the unofficial communication about sanitation and dry sanitation in the community. The objective was to study the unofficial structures through communication structures, and their role in the innovation diffusion. Information was gathered through interviewing community members from four different groups; sanitation experts trained by the project, dry toilet caretakers and their neighbors, and traditional leadership. The results showed that communication structures within the sample groups are rather weak, and they are based more on official structures. Despite the common goals community leaders and sanitation experts have little cooperation. Neighbors have very little knowledge about dry sanitation. The strongest communication occurs between sanitation experts and dry toilet caretakers, and in these groups potential for increasing the diffusion process can be seen.
The illusion of certainty : health benefits and risks
The formation of dominant voice in issue arenas
Bear meets dragon : Cooperation between the companies from Pori region and People's Republic of China
Negotiation strategies and skills in international business : a study of negotiators in Finland
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
Western journal of communication
Sport beyond television : the internet, digital media and the rise of networked media sport
Social Media as a Form of Organizational Knowledge Sharing
Co-creating communication : perspectives on diagnostic education for individuals who are congenitally deafblind and individuals whose impairments may have similar effects
A Handbook of Media and Communication Research presents qualitative as well as quantitative approaches to the study of media and communication, integrating perspectives from both the social sciences and the humanities. Taking methodology as a strategic level of analysis that joins practical concerns with theoretical issues, the Handbook offers a comprehensive and in-depth review of the field and a set of guidelines for how to think about, plan, and carry out media and communication studies in different social and cultural contexts. The second edition has been thoroughly updated with reference to the development of the internet, mobile, and other digital media. Each chapter addresses shifting configurations of established media organizations, media discourses, and media users in networked practices of communication. The introduction and one further chapter probe changing conceptions on mass and interpersonal, online and offline communication -- in research as in everyday life. Three new chapters have been added to exemplify different forms of research employing multiple methods to study multiple media in multiple contexts.
Research, principles, and practices in visual communication
A comparative case study of Sony Computer Entertainment's crisis communication efforts during two PlayStation Network crises
Shared minds : the new technologies of collaboration
Perspectives on human communication
CEF-based competence profiles : language and communication needs survey for teaching business students
Making connections : readings in relational communication
Handbook of research on new literacies
Interpreting as a discourse process
Shaping the future of communication research in Europe
Essential baby sign language : the most important 75 signs you can teach your baby
Negotiation : communication for diverse settings
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
Communication : the art of understanding and being understood : a report on the seventh Communications Conference of the Art Directors Club of New York
The communicational challenges of social organizations
Meeting a Hearing Impaired Patient : Guide for Nursing Students
Communication theory : the Asian perspective
Sociology of discourse  : from institutions to social change
Sign bilingualism : language development, interaction and maintenance in sign language contact situations
International cultural policies and power
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
Intercultural encounters with Japan : communication - contact and conflict : perspectives from the International Conference on Communication Across Cultures held at International Christian University in Tokyo
Opening and closing : strategies of information adaptation in society
Essentials of organizational behavior
Internal commucation issues in a multinational company: Logonet Group
Do unto animals : a friendly guide to how animals live, and how we can make their lives better
"Exploring Health Communication from Multiple Perspectives provides coverage of the major current areas of interest (e.g., interpersonal, organizational, media). It takes an in-depth approach to health communication research by analyzing and critically evaluating research conducted across multiple paradigmatic perspectives. In addition, it offers features important to undergraduate texts, such as sidebars, summary boxes, suggestions for in-class activities, discussion questions, and lists of additional resources. This edited textbook includes a range of chapters covering interpersonal health communication issues, challenges and complexities in health communication, communication aspects of health behaviors and conditions, organizational issues in health communication, and media and eHealth research. This text is designed to be used in upper level health communication courses, and it may be of interest to master's level courses as well. Other social science disciplines such as health education and public health may also find the book to be of interest."
How to write & illustrate a scientific paper
The road to tourism : skills for the new professional
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
Social theories of the press : early German & American perspectives
The southern communication journal
Media and identity in contemporary Europe : consequences of global convergence
The process of creating and implementing a tutor’s guide for international degree student tutors of HAAGA-HELIA Student Union HELGA
The relationship of verbal and nonverbal communication
Media & performance : along the border
A functional analysis of the Finnish 2012 presidential debates
Wireless network in ambient intelligence
Negotiating in an international environment : eight perspectives for business practitioners
The IABC handbook of organizational communication : a guide to internal communication, public relations, marketing, and leadership
Nurses’ Attitudes and Beliefs towards Discussing Sexuality with Patients
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
The journal of business communication
Preattentive detection of rare audiovisual feature conjunctions by the human brain as reflected by the mismatch negativity
Effective personal communication skills for public relations
The handbook of communication and corporate social responsibility
Innovative marketing communications : strategies for the events industry
Enrich your personal and work relationships with the art of compassionate communication. What if you could defuse tension and create accord in even the most volatile situations just by changing the way you speak? Over the past 35 years, Marshall Rosenberg has done just that, peacefully resolving conflicts in families, schools, businesses, and governments in 30 countries on 5 continents.
Conflict management in long-distance intercultural relationships
Communication reports
Politics and the Twitter revolution : how tweets influence the relationship between political leaders and the public
Communication behaviors of exchange students as perceived by themselves and by their hosts : Japanese students in Finland
Unblocking organizational communication : a companion volume to 50 activities for unblocking organizational communication
Fundamental concepts in human communication
Contacts : communicating interpersonally
Measuring the quality of media relations in an EU institution : developing and testing a measurement model
Communication
Multimodality : a social semiotic approach to contemporary communication
The art of explanation : making your ideas, products, and services easier to understand
Boundaries of journalism : professionalism, practices and participation
"Women, Men and Language" is an essential introduction to the key area of language and gender. It sketches the historical background, summarises recent research and introduces students to the key issues in the field using an unpretentious and clear style. Gender is a hugely popular topic and this book provides the answer to questions such as 'Do men and women talk differently?'; 'In what ways do they talk differently'; 'Does Language play a role in male dominance?'.
The jelly effect : how to make your communication stick
Tales for change : using storytelling to develop people and organizations
The AMA handbook of public relations
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
A handbook of media and communication research : qualitative and quantitative methodologies
Communications in the twenty-first century
On enriching requirements engineering work using icons
Psychological Contract and Organizational Communication between University Middle Managers
Great staff
Communication and counseling in health care
Objects are essential for how, together, people create and experience social life and relate to the physical environment around them. Interacting with Objects: Language, materiality, and social activity presents studies which use video recordings of real-life settings to explore how objects feature in social interaction and activity. The studies consider many objects (e.g. paper documents, food, a camera, art, furniture, and even the human body), across various situations, such as shopping, visiting the doctor, interviews and meetings, surgery, and instruction in dance, craft, or cooking. Analyses reveal in precise detail how, as people interact, objects are seen, touched and handled, heard, created, transformed, planned, imagined, shared, discussed, or appreciated. With the companion collection Multiactivity in Social Interaction: Beyond multitasking, the book advances understanding of the complex organisation and accomplishment of social interaction, especially the significance of embodiment, materiality, participation and temporality. By focussing on objects in and for actual occasions of human action, Interacting with Objects: Language, materiality, and social activity will interest many researchers and practitioners in language and social interaction, communication and discourse, design, and also more widely within anthropology, sociology, psychology, and related disciplines.
Rethinking communication. Vol. 2, Paradigm exemplars
Role of  informing as a part of marketing communications in the organization
Seeing is believing : The politics of the visual
Basic iPhone Programming : Case: Dictionary Application
Bear meets Dragon : Cooperation and cross-cultural communication between the companies from Northern Satakunta and People's republic of China
The use of communication accommodation strategies in a work group : a case study of four meetings
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Communication research trends
The handbook of crisis communication
In silence : growing up hearing in a deaf world
Manager's guide to virtual teams
Supervisory communications
Intercultural communication through hypermedia
Online communication practice and strategy of Finnish manufacturers of agricultural and forest machinery
Exploring non-verbal communication of presence between young children and their parents through the embodied teddy bear
National cultural communications policy : recent trends and arguments in some countries
ORGANIZATIONAL COMMUNICATION TOOL FOR LETHBRIDGE COLLEGE
From thought fo feedback : how to develop a communication campaign
Creative blogging : your first steps to a succesful blog
State visit as a form of intercultural communication
Theories of human communication
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Always on : language in an online and mobile world
Context-sensitive languages and context-free derivations
Dynamics of communication : new ways and new actors
The Implementation of Microsoft Lync at Sokotel Oy
A comparison of two models explaining the same phenomenon : a comparative analysis of cultural intelligence and the integrated model of intercultural communication competence
Comserve : a service of the Communication Institute for Online Scholarship
Health communication in the 21st century
Effective business writing
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
Communication technology : the new media in society
Gazette : international journal of the science of the press
Persuade : using the seven drivers of motivation to master influence and persuasion
Communication : the study of human interaction
Current and comprehensive, The International Encyclopedia of Communication Theory and Philosophy is the ultimate resource for scholarly reflection on key issues in the discipline, covering the history, systematics, and potential of communication theory. Entries are cross-national and cross-disciplinary, featuring authors from Europe, North America, Latin America, and Southeast Asia.
The rhetoric of nonverbal communication : readings
Visual language : global communication for the 21st century
Adaptive routing approaches for networked many-core systems
Interacting with objects : language, materiality, and social activity
Health communication : theory, method, and application / edited by Nancy Grant Harrington
10 Finnish business actors' perceptions of their Chinese business partners and key personnel
Multimodality is a new and rapidly developing sub-field of communication studies which looks beyond language to the multiple modes of communicating or making meaning - from images to sound and music. Gunther Kress, a pioneer in the field of multimodality and co-author of the bestselling "Reading Images," produces a comprehensive theoretical framework for the study of the topic providing sample analyses and suggestions for further reading. This exploration of this exciting new area in communication will be of interest to undergraduate and postgraduate students in the fields of media, communication studies, education, English language and applied linguistics
The process and effects of mass communication
Relevance : communication and cognition
Competence in communicating is vital to health, relationships, and all collective human endeavors. This volume brings together international scholars to examine the various facets of communication competence, including its history as an organizing concept, its essential components, and its application in interpersonal, group, institutional, and societal contexts.
Communicating in hospital emergency departments
Hotel front office management
Silent communication : a challenge to established marketing communication practice
Political communication research : approaches, studies, assessments
Routledge handbook of applied communication research
Canadian journal of communication
Language, known and unknown : how and why we speak
Changes and challenges in internal communications in post-acquisition integration
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
Human communication
Essentials of marketing communications
Understanding the global TV format
Don't say that, Willy Nilly!
Silence is not golden : review of studies of couple interaction
Terrestrial television : the next technology transition : working group Interim report
Gossiping about sanitation : role of communication in innovation diffusion
Yes! : 50 scientifically proven ways to be persuasive
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
Fearless facilitation : the ultimate field guide to engaging (and involving!) your audience
Intercultural communication : an advanced resource book
Mapping media and communication research : Belgium
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
Featuring a wide range of exercises, examples, and images, this textbook provides a practical way of analysing the discourses of the global media industries. Building on a comprehensive introduction to the history and theory of global media communication, specific case studies of lifestyle and entertainment media are explored with examples from films, global women's magazines, Vietnamese news reporting and computer war games. Finally this book investigates how global media communication is produced, looking at the formats, languages and images used in creating media materials, both globally and in localised forms. At a time when the media is becoming increasingly global, often with the same films, news and television programmes shown all over the world; "Global Media Discourse" provides an accessible, lively introduction into how globalisation is changing the language and communicative practices of the media. Integrating a range of approaches, including political economy, discourse analysis and ethnography, this book will be of particular interest to students of media and communication studies, applied linguistics, and (critical) discourse analysis.
Crisis and disaster management for tourism
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
Communication apprehension in the EFL classroom : a study of Finnish and Finnish-Swedish upper secondary school students and teachers
The historical development of the Mongolian media landscape : media ecology approach to the development of the Mongolian media from the 1200s to the new millennium, recognizing community radio as a sign of a new era of participatory communication
Intercultural communication from managerial perspective : challenges and ways to overcome them
The present state of locally operating businesses' marketing, CASE: Born Local
Case studies and projects in communication
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
Developing intercultural competence as part of professional qualifacations : A Training experiment
Breaking the rules of communication : Verbal and nonverbal impoliteness in the American hospital drama House M.D
Communication and co-operation within intercultural multi-site project environment of a Case Company : Finland, Japan and the United Kingdom
Development of internal communication : case Cosfim
World Class Communication : How Great CEOs Win with the Public, Shareholders, Employees, and the Media
Creation of multimedia messaging system's backup and restore processes
Communicating the environmental performance of wood products
Hypothesis of individualism and equality? : cultural representations in American organizational media releases
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Between aesthetics and information : visual journalism and design
Communication studies
Our voices : essays in culture, ethnicity, and communication : an intercultural anthology
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Everything baby sign language book : get an early start communicating with your baby!
Maintaining relationships through communication : relational, contextual, and cultural variations
Consolidation of information : a handbook on evaluation, restructuring and repackaging of scientific and technical information : (pilot edition)
Global spotlights on Lillehammer : how the world viewed Norway during the 1994 Winter Olympics
The telling image : the changing balance between pictures and words in a technological age
What to consider when coaching children in the age of 7 to 17 : - a practical guidebook
Audiovisual Documentation of an International Seminar : Case: LIME
English in internal company communication : the employees' views, attitudes and competences
Intermedia
Culture and communication
Women, men and language : a sociolinguistic account of sex differences in language
Foundations of communication theory
The leadership experience
Quite literally : problem words and how to use them
Crisis communication
Development ideas for communication in the Baltic Sea Network to promote projects
The power of framing : creating the language of leadership
Overview of WiMax : technical and application analysis
Communication, relationships and care : a reader
Sociology of Discourse takes the perspective that collective actors like social movements are capable of creating social change from below by creating new institutions through alternative discourses. Institutionalization becomes a process of moving away from existing institutions towards creating new ones. While discourses entail openness and enable the questioning of what is instituted, institutions offer continuity and stability to social mobilizations. This dual movement of openness and stabilization explains how social struggles ensure their continuity, without completely assuming the logic of the dominant order. The book proposes an analytical model of social change, which is unfolded through three intertwined areas: discourse, communication, and institution. Collective experiences of social change, from the anti-globalization movement to Occupy, illustrate the main theoretical points and concepts. Through the example of the Platform for People Affected by Mortgages, the book concludes by analyzing how social change from below is possible.
Gazette : the quarterly magazine of the English centre
