http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3602 premises
premises
Interpretive centers : the history, design and development of nature and visitor centers
The best in retail corporate identity
Natural and Classic Type of Stables  : Case: Club de Polo y Equitación and Equilibre in Chile
Top producer
Development of a Quadcopter Sensor System for Measuring Thermal Profiles of the Lower Atmosphere
Hygiene for management : a text for food safety courses
Augmented urban spaces : articulating the physical and electronic city
Country in the city : relaxed style fot modern living
CLEANROOMS IN PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTION
Running your own boarding kennels : the complete guide to kennel & cattery management
Event related brain potential (ERP) correlates of activation and effort in state regulation among children with attentional problems
Facility management risks and opportunities
The [un]common place : art, public space and urban aesthetics in Europe
It is estimated that roughly 1000 new ecological and environmental models join the ranks of the scientific literature each year. The international peer-reviewed literature reports some 20,000 new models spanning the period from 1970-2010. Just to keep abreast of the field it is necessary to design a handbook of models that doesn't merely list them, but rather draws the state-of-the-art development of models for ecosystem and environmental management. Published first in 1996, Handbook of Models Applied in Ecosystem and Environmental Management applies precisely this approach to review current m.
Implementing a green philosophy in hotel lobbies, Finland
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
Implications of maritime labour convention 2006 on cargo ship accommodation spaces
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Understanding offices : what every manager needs to know about office buildings
Top shops 2
Sign graphics
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT OF SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR UNDERGROUND CONSTRUCTION
Facilities : the official research publication of EuroFM
Contemplating space syntax and leadership in daycare settings
There's a dog in the house : a practical guide to creating today's dog friendly home
The effect of temperature on cercariae production of two Rhipidocotyle trematodes parasitizing freshwater mussel, Anodonta anatina
TAiR : Tartu artist in residence programme : "bohemian but traditional"
Designing & planning environmental graphics
Irish public sculpture : a history
Boreal environment research
Manual on use of school facilities : as used by recreation and youth services agencies within the Los Angeles City School districts
Recording spaces
Sites + situations : Willem de Kooning Academy postgraduate programme in fine art
From Mediasphere to Mediasophy : nature, machine, media
New lobbies & waiting rooms
Negative effects of borderline personality disorder on the family : a systematic literature review
The power of visual presentation : Tony Horton : portfolio
Assessing past ecological changes in lake Isojärvi and its suitability as a Finnish lake reference site using sedimentary diatoms
Earth sheltered homes : plans and designs : Underground Space Center, University of Minnesota
Which way to the ballroom?
Terence Conran on restaurants
A mom's guide to home organization : simple solutions to control clutter, schedules and stress
Art for public places : critical essays
Essential storage : the back to basics guide to home design, decoration and furnishing
Independent people : an epic
On August 20, 2012 the Philippines became the 30th country to ratify Maritime Labour Convention 2006 published by the International Labour Organization. The International Labour Organization known as ILO is a sub-organization of the United Nations. The ILO is also the only tripartite U.N. agency with governments employers and worker representatives. Maritime Labour Convention 2006 shortened as "MLC" is a document which sets new standards for living and working on ships. The MLC includes 5 titles and the most relevant to this thesis is the 3rd, which contains rules and regulations for accommodation spaces and recreational facilities of a ship. Deltamarin Company wanted to report on the influence of the MLC 2006 on ship design in one document. One part of the work was to collect necessary data into one check list, which project engineers could use when verifying their designs. This check list should be helpful assistance when the design constantly changes. Another task was to verify that the latest bulk carrier design of the company is consistent with these rules and regulations. Some deflections were found but these modifications were requested by the owner, who had decided that the design must not fully meet the MLC in every area. The third part of the work was to create a completely new cargo ship deckhouse design and use the check list to verify that the design meets the MLC.
Physical activity and health : the evidence explained
Power : British management in focus
Animal, vegetable, miracle : a year of food life
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
The facility management handbook
Religious space in Reformation England : contesting the past
In the course of their work the facilities manager will face a range of complex and often challenging tasks, sometimes concerned with a single business premises, often across an entire property portfolio. To help with those tasks, the "Facilities Manager's Desk Reference" provides the facilities manager with an invaluable source of highly relevant, practical information on all the principal FM services, as well as information on legal compliance issues, the development of strategic policies and tactical best practice information. With a clear practitioner perspective the book covers both hard and soft facilities management issues and is presented in an easily readable, concise format. "The Facilities Manager's Desk Reference" will be a first point of reference for all busy facilities managers and will save them time by providing access to the information needed to ensure the safe, effective and efficient running of any facilities function. It will also serve as a useful overview for students studying for their professional and academic qualifications in facilities management.
Aircraft interior comfort and design
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminals
Effects of temperature and feeding regime on compensatory growth of rainbow trout, Oncorhynchus mykiss
Quest for space: streetvendors and the use of public space in two Latin American cities
Chinese earth-sheltered dwellings : indigenous lessons for modern urban design
Determing the fate of selected antibiotics during nitrogen recovery via urea-formaldehdye synthesis
Erd- und Höhlenhäuser von Peter Vetsch = Earth and cave architecture von Peter Vetsch
KONE Care For Life : Information Design for KONE Corporation
Ephemeral and virtual : the image as dispersing energy
Godt nok er ikke nok : betragtninger om offentlig design = Good enough is not enough : observations on public design
Finishing kitchen planning guide
Feasibility Analysis of Laundry Lounge in Vietnam, Targeting Students : Start-up X, Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam
Abstract: Guide to Agricultural Constructing.
Humour in EFL classrooms : a comparative case study between elementary and secondary school lessons
Food equipment facts : a handbook for the foodservice industry
Businesses have a responsibility to conform to continuously tightened environmental laws and regulations as well as deliver more ecological products and services to an environmentally conscious target market. As the hotel lobby serves as the first on-site experience to a customer entering a hotel, the thesis scope on implementing a green philosophy was narrowed to this area. Focus was on the functional tangible elements of the lobby's service design. In order to investigate and answer the research question: 'how should green philosophy be implemented in hotel lobbies', hotels which had been granted the Swan label by SFS Ecolabelling were chosen as the population of the research. These hotels readily implemented environmental criteria to reduce their impact on the environment and perhaps could serve an example of the thesis topic.     The research population was located in Helsinki metropolitan area of Finland. The research was carried out in two parts. A questionnaire was made by using a web based program for collection of more detailed data on products and equipment used in lobby premises. The main research was the observational research done on-site in the hotel lobbies of population which had agreed on the visit. For this part of the research photographs were taken of the tangible elements which reflected, or did not reflect ecological values. Most of the research was qualitative but the quantitative nature of the research questionnaire could not be overlooked and therefore also included a small quantitative element. Factors of research were mostly based on Swan label criteria relevant to hotel lobbies.    Results indicated that hotel lobbies have not been given much attention in fulfilling environmental criteria and implementing a green philosophy had room for improvement. A GREENBOOK check-list was written into the appendix to give guidance to management in implementing a green philosophy in the hotel lobbies. Several factors must be considered in developing more ecological lobbies including recycling, energy- and water-consumption as well as ergonomics. Service flow and safety are not to be forgotten. The scope of the thesis could have covered developing an entire hotel, but would have been overwhelmingly broad as a thesis topic. Ideas which derived for further research can be examined in the concluding chapters.
Engineering geological experience from unlined excavated oil storage caverns in a precambrian rock mass in the Porvoo area, Southern Finland
Handbook of Ecological Models used in Ecosystem and Environmental Management
Brazil and Mexico : the attractiveness of Latin architecture and design
Walking's new movement
Tensile architecture in the urban context
Essential small spaces : the back to basics guide to home design, decoration & furnishing
Facilities management : towards best practice
Plant layout and facility planning
Choreography of the masses : in sport, in the stadium, in a frenzy
Development Needs of the Dairy Farms in Kosovo
Showcase of interior designTM
Facilities standards for art libraries and visual resources collections / Art Libraries Society of North America ; edited by Betty Jo Irvine
Convention liaison manual : a working guide for successful conventions for organizations, hotels, convention bureaus
Internet of Things : A RFID Temperature Smart sensor
Beaux Arts New York
Creating the customer-driven library : building on the bookstore model
Demand Control Ventilation in Sport Facilities
Futurescapes : designers for tomorrow's outdoor spaces
Die Architektur von U-Bahnhöfen = The architecture of underground stations
Heritage discourse and public space / Maarten Hajer and Arnold Reijndorp
Thermal responses of inward and delayed rectifier potassium channels in fish cardiac myocytes
Space and collections earning their keep : transformation, technologies, retooling
Lighting in museums, galleries and historic houses : a conference... organised by the Museums Association, United Kingdom Institute for Conservation (UKIC), Group of Designers and Interpreters in Museums, [Bristol on 9th and 10th April 1987]
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
Neverwhere
Nazis at the center of the earth
Methods for doppler radar monitoring of physiological signals
From stuffed to sorted : your essential guide to organising, room by room
Miniature worlds in 1/12 scale
Semantic visualization for smart spaces : merging the material and digital worlds
An overview of the Finnish pork industry
Layout, or the physical organization of people, materials and machines within a workplace, is at the very heart of productivity. This book will enable creation of new productive layouts quickly and smoothly. Plant layout and facility planning are closely associated in industrial and commercial enterprises, and affect operating efficiency and productivity now and in the future. Layout chapters focus on product flow, space utilization, and functional relationships; facility planning chapters address strategy for and how to achieve relocation, growth, consolidation, site search, a campus. Chapters explain what and why, and list actions to create productive layouts quickly and smoothly within the physical constraints of the facility. They improve project management by highlighting which practices to utilize and which missteps to avoid, and extend the technical capabilities of your staff. Facility layouts and floor plans tend to be replaced infrequently, because a revision can be expensive and cause disruption as it is installed. Better get it right.
Utilization : creative home space designs
Effects of temperature on the electrical excitability of fish cardiac myocytes
Korttelin kohtauspaikka : Korttelitalo Kimara, Vantaa= Meeting place of the block : Communal building and day-care centre Kimara
The effect of cutting the root connection by detaching the shoot from the root system on dormancy release and vegetative bud burst was examined in 2-year-old seedlings of Norway spruce (Picea abies [L.] Karst.). Seedlings were transferred at 1-4 week intervals between October and January from outdoor conditions to experimental forcing in a heated greenhouse. Before forcing, half of the seedlings were cut above ground line, and the detached shoots were forced with their cut ends placed in water. The intact seedlings were forced with their root system remaining intact in the pots. Vegetative bud burst was observed visually. Cutting the root connection slightly increased days to bud burst in the forcing conditions, however, no consistent effect on bud burst percentage was found. Our preliminary seedling data suggest that using detached tree material in dormancy release experiments may have a small effect on bud burst date but it will evidently not lead to drastically erroneous conclusions. Further studies, using different seed lots, are needed to assess the effect of detaching on the dormancy release and bud burst, especially in adult trees.
Supervising food safety : a text for level 3 food safety courses and a reference for supervisors
Retail : architecture + shopping
How full could your hotel or restaurant really be? : marketing in a small business
Internet Of Things : RFID Temperature Smart Sensor
The synatropic Oecobius navus (Araneae: Oecobiidae) established indoors in southern Finland
Fire and forest : the International Forest Fire Symposium in Kajaani 13.-14.11.2007
Jyväskylä Paviljonki and it's impact on tourism in Jyväskylä
Universal design for the home : great looking, great living design for all ages, abilities, and circumstances
Interior design and architecture: critical and primary sources. [Volume 4], Public interaction
Environmental futures : the practice of environmental scenario analysis
Design and layout of foodservice facilities
Public toilet design : from hotels, bars, restaurants, civic buildings and businesses worlwide
Spaces for young children : a practical guide to planning, designing, and building the perfect space
Outline of accounting for non-industrial private woodlots
Hospital facilities as work environments : evaluation studies in the operating, radiology, and emergency departments in seven Finnish general hospitals
Thermally responsive polymers based on N-vinylcaprolactam and an amphiphilic macromonomer
Comparison of impact characteristics of different ice hockey arena dasher boards
The natural home : stylish living inspired by nature
Place-keeping : open space management in practice
Underground spaces in the service of a sustainable society : ITA-AITES World Tunnel Congress and 37th General Assembly, May 20-26, 2011, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Significance of the root connection on the dormancy release and vegetative bud burst of Norway spruce (Picea abies) seedlings in relation to accumulated chilling
Common space : the city as commons
Public art : new directions
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
How to study public life
Economic importance of parcel structure on Finnish farms
Principles of design and operation of catering equipment
Benchmarking of outdoor activity facilities : an analysis of German hiking facilities and its implications to Finland
Under ground
Gulf Stream and ENSO increasing the temperature sensitivity of Atlantic tropical cyclones
Residential lighting : a practical guide to beautiful and sustainable design
The future of facility management in Finland
Farm deaths in North Karelia
Indoor Location Systems based on ZigBee networks
The furnished landscape : applied art in public places
Asian economic systems
Improving the Help-desk Service of the Facility Superintendents at Laurea Leppävaara
What if exports don't recover in the years ahead?
Disability, space and society
The right place : shared responsibility and the location of public facilities
Room rescues : decorating solutions for awkward spaces
Parking issues in Lutakko from a user-oriented viewpoint
Facilities manager's desk reference
Under-ice temperature and oxygen conditions in boreal lakes
Post-Installable Automatic Adjustment Device for Air Conditioner
Curated : a new experience in retail design
Street furniture
The inheritance
Helsinki University Library expands
Why not theaters made for people ?.
Participatory politics : next generations tactics to remake public spheres
Summary.
Thousand years of winter surface air temperature variations in  Svalbard and northern Norway reconstructed from ice-core data
Hospitality facilities management and design
Enclave spaces as embodiment of performance: case of Pilke science centre
The Optimization of GMP/GLP Laboratories:  : The laboratory utilization and work safety improvement project
Examining the “Dark Side” – The Importance of the Back of House
Analyses of the Sinebrychoff Art Museum's building surfaces
Autuas aina : valokuvia suomalaisista kouluista = photographs of Finnish schools
Soft shells : design and technology of tensile architecture
Cleanroom technology : fundamentals of design, testing and operation
Generational Transition on a Farm
Human spaces : life-enhancing designs for healing, working and living
Museum of Contemporary art Chicago : building program : draft
Configuring health consumers : health work and the imperative of personal responsibility
"Quit your ♥♥♥♥♥ing and play the game" : impoliteness in a gaming-oriented online discussion forum
Underground space design : a guide to subsurface utilization and design for people in underground spaces
Physical characteristics of early childhood settings
Indoor Positioning System Research and Develop
Places : the experience of dancing in different places
Exploring the relationships between flow, mindfulness, & self-talk : a correlational study
Home series : small spaces
A User-Centered Facilities Change Project
Work, family & community builders : Finnish immigrant women on the homestead (1895-1945)
Finnish exports declined 0.8% in 2014, lagging further behind the export markets and world trade growth, and they are set to barely grow at all in 2015. The scale of the problem is illustrated by the fact that the volume of exports is still approximately EUR 10 billion lower than in 2007. If exports had continued to grow on their long-term trend after 2007, the loss now would be that much greater. If the negative indirect impact of poor export performance on e.g. investment were taken into account, the final bill would increase further still..
This study examined the effect of farm size on the mortality and survival of Eastern Finnish farms in the late 1990s. Three different dimensions of farm size (i.e. hectares operated, number of milk cows, and hectares of forest) were compared. Data were extracted from administrative records and covered all 4,527 active farms in North Karelia from 1995 to 1998. Results did not support the disappearing middle size hypothesis presented by Weiss (1999). Farm size distributions were not bimodal. No empirical evidence was found of a process of polarisation into two centres of attraction. As a whole, the analysis provides some support for the conclusion that the size of forest holding as measured by hectares of forest owned by farm does not have an independent effect on the likelihood of survival. Its contribution depends on the other variables in the model. .
Design ideas for your home : inspired by the National Trust
University campus management dynamics in spatial transformation : systemic facilitation of interdisciplinary learning communities
Hotel & resort interiors
Working in the field of Facility Management
Novel methods for personal indoor positioning
Oecobius navus Blackwall has since 2003 been found in basements in Helsinki and other places in southern Finland. This tiny cosmopolitan spider species or any other member of its family hasn't previously been recorded in Finland or Fennoscandia..
Moral qualities of space, historical consciousness and symbolic boundaries in the Beyoğlu District of Istanbul
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminal
Advances in social and organizational factors
Identifying the driving forces behind price fluctuations and potential food crisis
Deuterium excess record from a small Arctic ice cap
Contemporary library architecture : a planning and design guide
Museum and art galleries : a design and development guide / Geoff Matthews
Situated crowdsourcing : feasibility, performance and behaviours
Structural analysis and design of a warehouse building
Language, space and power : urban entanglements
New public spaces : please walk on the grass
Defoliation (crown thinning) is widely used as a rapid method of tree condition assessment. As a method that is based on subjective visual observation it might be influenced by statistically significant observer bias. Significant observer bias has been discovere in some countries. We analyzed the significance of observer bias occurring in the Finland's forest condition monitoring system. We analysed the data of three training courses held to the field personnel (2006, 2007, 2008). Our results indicate that some inconsistencies occur between observers, but these are still not systematic in nature. In conclusion, the detected observer biases are independent incidents, caused mainly by the observer perception during the single events. Therefore there is no need to make any systematic corrections for Finnish national visual tree defoliation assessments. We suggest that the best way to improve field assessments is the proper education and guidance of field personnel.
The benefits of public art : the polemics of permanent art in public places
The dynamic landscape : design, ecology and management of naturalistic urban planting
Accessibility study on computer facilities at Coventry University
Neighbourhood and community environments
Using the unused : spaces for Aalto University's creative community
Palau Museum bai : traditional men's meeting house (adjunct to Palau Museum) constructed and dedicated 1969 = Bai ra Ngesechel ar Cherchar
Situation awareness in environmental monitoring : concepts, implementation, applications
Food service planning : layout and equipment
Housing decisions
Fire and forest : kansainvälinen metsäpalosymposio Kajaanissa 13.-14.11.2007.
Accuracy of visual tree defoliation assessment : a case study in Finland
Doctors' practices
The Matrix as a cyberplace
Self-portrait : the quarterly on good space : special issue
Live architecture : venues, stages, and arenas for popular music
Small space style
Architecture : form, space, & order
Transforming cities : revival in the square
In the rooms of Häme castle
Fire and forest : internationellt skogsbrandssymposium i Kajana 13.-14.11.2007.
Enclave spaces as embodiment of performance : case of Pilke science centre
Introduction to foodservice
