http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3607 electric substations
electric substations
Redundant IEC 61850 communication protocols in substation automation
RTU 560 with IEC 61850 : Vaasa Engineering Oy
Electric power substations engineering
IEC 61850 Demonstration System with Netcon 500 and VAMP protection relays
Social and environmental impacts of the James Bay hydroelectric project
Communication networks and systems in substations. Part 1, Introduction and overview = Réseayx et syst mes de communication dans les postes. Partie 1, Introduction et vue d'ensemble
Implementation of genetic algorithms on an FPGA Ethernet tester
Design of a HMI platform for network control and substation automation systems
The building level substation : the innovation of district heating system
Communication networks and systems in substations: standardi. Part 7-1, Basic communication structure for substation and feeder equipment - principles and models
Combo : intelligent nomadic workstation
Industrial power systems
On reliability and performance analyses of IEC 61850 for digital SAS
The building level substation : the innovation of district heating system : version II
Centralized architecture of the electricity distribution substation automation : benefits and possibilities
Implementation of IEC 61850 in solar applications
Communication networks and systems in substations. Part 4, System and project management = Réseaux et systémes de communication dans les postes. Partie 4, Gestion du systémes et gestion de projet
Typical protocols in ABB substation automation
This thesis was commissioned by ABB Oy, Distribution Automation. The aim of this thesis was to study the building of vertical communication between MicroSCADA and certain ABB-relays (REF 543, SPAD 346 C) on the part of three station level protocols (LonTalk, IEC 60870-5-103, SPA). The purpose of this work was to create course material in English for electrical engineers who either work for ABB or are end customers hoping to gain knowledge about the basics of substation communication and to be able to build a system where MicroSCADA and ABB-relays communicate with each other. First, a single busbar system (one incoming feeder, 110kV/22kV transformer, three outgoing feeders) was chosen as a basis for the project. After the LonTalk, IEC_103 and SPA protocols were studied in detail, layout pictures were made according to each protocol. Devices and sofware were gathered up to build the systems for testing and documentation. Finally, the message frames of LonTalk, IEC_103 and SPA protocols were studied in general. The result of this work was course material which can be used in customer training by ABB Oy, Distribution Automation. The material consists of PowerPoint-slides covering the theory and Word documents consisting of hands-on exercises.
Instrument Transformer Dimensioning for Substations
Predictive maintenance in MicroSCADA application
The Electric power engineering handbook
Design of air insulated substations to CIS countries : differences between IEC/CENELEC and GOST/PUE environment
Development and testing of IEC 61850 network interference equipment : a case study
Insulation co-ordination in high-voltage electric power systems
Tendering substation adaptation for IT
Communication networks and systems in substations. Part 3, General requirements = Réseaux et systémes de communication dans les postes. Partie 3, Prescriptions générales
Interfacing IEC 61850-9-2 process bus data to a simulation environment
Communication networks and systems in substations. Part 5, Communication requirements for functions and device models
Microwave dosimetry in biological exposure studies and in practical safety evaluations
Congestion management from the EU law perspective
Electric power engineering handbook. Electric power substations engineering
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 5, Communication requirements for functions and device models
Communication networks and systems in substations. Part 2, Glossary
