http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3603 semiotics
semiotics
Multimodality is a new and rapidly developing sub-field of communication studies which looks beyond language to the multiple modes of communicating or making meaning - from images to sound and music. Gunther Kress, a pioneer in the field of multimodality and co-author of the bestselling "Reading Images," produces a comprehensive theoretical framework for the study of the topic providing sample analyses and suggestions for further reading. This exploration of this exciting new area in communication will be of interest to undergraduate and postgraduate students in the fields of media, communication studies, education, English language and applied linguistics
Semiotics and language : an analytical dictionary
"Poetry is the language of nonexchangeability, the return of infinite hermeneutics, and the return of the sensuous body of language. I'm talking about poetry here as an excess of language, a hidden resource which enables us to shift from one paradigm to another."--P. [4] of cover.
Self-reference in the media
The articles in this volume investigate everyday textual material of sociolinguistic landscapes in the early 21st century. Sociolinguistic landscapes reflect societal change, and they enable observers to map what linguistic resources are used in various contexts and to study how these resources interact and are interpreted. The articles present not only quantitative results of the presence of languages in signs but also look into how authors and designers make use of an endless pool of linguistic resources, how visible semiotic items contribute to create a sense of space, what types of mental processes are involved in the production, and how various audiences (residents, occasional passers-by, and language regulators) interpret and construct signs and sociolinguistic landscapes to form their own understanding of semiotic space.
Roland Barthes
Semiotics. 1988
The transmedial aspect of cultural autocommunication
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
Introducing timbre to design of semi-abstract earcons
Semiotics. 1987
Sociocultural space : spatial modelling and the sociocultural world
Dimensions of sociolinguistic landscapes in Europe : materials and methodological solutions
History of semiotics
Litterature et semiotique: histoire et epistemologie = Literature and Semiotics: History and Epistemology
Sign-based construction grammar
Semiotics of cinema
Semiotica Indica : encyclobaedic dictionary of body-language in Indian art & culture. Vol 2
Metaphors of the information society and the new technology : a semiotic point of view on the pictorial representations of school-age children
Theses on the semiotic study of cultures = Kultuurisemiootika teesid = Tezisy k semiotičeskomu izučeniû kul'tur
Multimodality, learning and communication : a social semiotic frame
A theory of semiotics
Sensuous cognition : explorations into human sentience: imagination, (e)motion and perception
Multimodality : a social semiotic approach to contemporary communication
Quantum field theory in a semiotic perspective
Design semiosis : synthesis of products in the design activity
Snow, forest, silence : the Finnish tradition of semiotics
Re: distinguishing continuities : the case of discontinuities in conceptual schemas
Theses on the semiotic study of culture : (as applied to Slavic texts)
Culture in minds and societies : foundations of cultural psychology
The semiotics of passions : from states of affairs to states of feeling
International Summer School for Semiotic and Structural Studies, Imatra, Finland, June 10-15, 2006 : abstracts
From icon to metaphor : studies in the semiotics of the hieroglyphs
Investigating English in Europe : contexts and agendas
The poetic of the bit : the interpretation and textual processes of digital fiction from an ergodic semiotic perspective.
Introduction to communication studies
Objects and images : studies in design and advertising
Why literature? : an inquiry into the nature of literary semiosis
Semiotik : ein Handbuch zu den zeichentheoretischen Grundlagen von Natur und Kultur. 3. Teilband = Semiotics : a handbook on the sign-theoretic foundations of nature and culture. Volume 3
"Without question, the tache (blot, patch, stain) is a central and recurring motif in nineteenth-century modernist painting. Manet's and the Impressionists' rejection of academic finish produced a surface where the strokes of paint were presented directly, as patches or blots, then indirectly as legible signs. Cžanne, Seurat, and Signac painted exclusively with patches or dots. Through a series of close readings, this book looks at the tache as one of the most important features in nineteenth-century modernism. The tache is a potential meeting point between text and image and a pure trace of the artist's body. Even though each manifestation of tacheism generates its own specific cultural effects, this book represents the first time a scholar has looked at tacheism as a hidden continuum within modern art. With a methodological framework drawn from the semiotics of text and image, the author introduces a much-needed fine-tuning to the classic terms index, symbol, and icon. The concept of the tache as a 'crossing' of sign-types enables finer distinctions and observations than have been available thus far within the Peircean tradition. The 'sign-crossing' theory opens onto the whole terrain of interaction between visual art, art criticism, literature, philosophy, and psychology."--P. [i].
Semantic transformation in design : communicating strategic brand identity through product design references
Encyclopedic dictionary of semiotics. Tome 3, Bibliography
Film Costumes as Icons – three representations of a hero’s iconic film costume
Ocean travel and cruising : a cultural analysis
Proust and signs
Colors : symbols, history, correlations
Traduire: signes, textes, pratiques = Translating: Signs, Texts, Practices
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
Paris school semiotics. 1, Theory
The pursuit of signs : semiotics, literature, deconstructions
From cute to content : user experience from a cognitive semiotic perspective
Problem-solving in mathematics : a semiotic perspective for educators and teachers
Semiotics in the individual sciences
Handbook of brand semiotics
Introducing social semiotics
On the [epsilon]-free covering of LR(K) grammars
Biosemiotics : the semiotic web 1991
Signs, language and behavior
New media language
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
"The Handbook covers language usage in multi-semiotic textual environments. Integrating linguistic features with images, sounds, and typography creates patterns of substantive, formal, and functional linkage. The volume outlines the paradigms in multimodal linguistic research, systematic methods for analyzing semiotically complex texts, and offers insight about the functionality of selected types of multimodal texts."--
Semiotic models of legal argumentation
The quadrature of the hermeneutic circle : the picture as "text"
Advances in visual semiotics : the semiotic web 1992-93
Semiotics of light : an integrative approach to human archetypal roots
Semiotics 1981 : proceedings of the sixth annual meeting of the Semiotic society of America, held October 1-4, 1981, in Nashville, Tennessee
A theory of the tache in nineteenth-century painting
Semiotic theory and practice : proceedings of the third international congress of the IASS Palermo, 1984
How forests think : toward an anthropology beyond the human
The woman who understood compeletely : a semiotic analysis of the Mary Magdalene myth in the Gnostic gospel of Mary
Consumption and everyday life
Sounds and signs
Metaphor reexamined : a non-Aristotelian perspective
Understanding Neolithic Southern Levant : case studies of archaeological semiosis in action
Visual communication : more than meets the eye
On meaning-making : essays in semiotics
Quilts as text(iles) : the semiotics of quilting
Social semiotics for a complex world : analysing language and social meaning
Philosophical writings of Peirce
Theatre semiotics : signs of life
Translation of international logos
Semiotic investigations : towards an effective semiotics
Exaptation : towards a semiotic account of a biological phenomenon
Semiotics for beginners
The semiotic of myth : a critical study of the symbol
Notes on derivation languages
The signs of our time
Reading Pictures, Constructing Narratives: A Study upon Pictorial Narrativity and a
Way better than the original!! Music video covers and language revitalisation : A sociosemiotic view
Elements of semiotics
Semiotics and design : for an intertextualized dialogical praxis
Iconicity : a fundamental problem in semiotics
Introduction to the ethnosemiotic trends in the Komi ethnological school (1)
Understanding neolithic southern Levant : case studies of archaeological semiosis in action
Introducing semiotics : an anthology of readings
In the search for aesthetic experience
"This book contributes to the analysis of film from a multimodal and textual perspective by extending formal semantics into the realm of multimodal discourse analysis. It accounts for both the inferential as well as intersemiotic meaning making processes in filmic discourse and therefore addresses one of the main questions that have been asked within film theory and multimodal analysis: How do we understand film and multimodal texts? The book offers an analytical answer to this question by providing a systematic tool for the description of this comprehension process. It aims to advance knowledge of the various resources in filmic texts, the ways the resources work together in constructing meaning and the ways people understand this meaning construction. This new approach to film interpretation is thus able to remodel and improve the classical paradigm of film text analysis. "--
Swing to bop, hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
Signs, symbols, and architecture
The sign : semiotics around the world
Marketing and semiotics : new directions in the study of signs for sale
Sight, sound, and sense
The inessential indexical : on the philosophical insignificance of perspective and the first person
Interacting with objects : language, materiality, and social activity
Aesthetics and film
Extending the semiotics of embodied interaction to blended spaces
An analysis of cohesion in a popular music recording : Tori Amos's "Me and a gun", in its articulations of textual subjectivity
The oral style
What is film theory? : an introduction to contemporary debates
Description : sign, self, desire : critical theory in the wake of semiotics
Introducing semiotic : its history and doctrine
The pursuit of signs : semiotics, literature, deconstruction
Does it make sense? : a semiotic approach to the analysis of the signs and their signification in puppetry and visual theatre
Semiotics of culture : proceedings of the 25th symposium of the Tartu-Moscow School of Semiotics
Abstracts : 21st Annual Meeting of the Semiotic Society of Finland, June 7-9, 2002 and Finnish Summer School, June 9-12,2002 in Imatra, Finland
Semiotics. 1986
Abstracts : International Summer Institute for Semiotic and Structural Studies : June 8-13, 2003 in Imatra, Finland
The semantics of Chinese music : analysing selected Chinese musical concepts
In search of semiotics
Semiotics of religion : signs of the sacred in history
The sign in theory and practice : an introductory reader in semiotics
Signs and meaning in the cinema
Journal of semantics : an international journal for the interdisciplinary study of the semantics of natural language
Getting under the skin : the body and media theory
Valami egészen más : Proceedings of the Finno-Hungarian semiotic symposia 1996-97. Vol. 2
Semiotics and visual culture : sights, signs, and significance
The meaning of meaning : a study of the influence of language upon thought and of the science of symbolism
The semiotic challenge
The fundamentals of creative photography
In this paper, we develop a new way of understanding interactions in blended spaces. We do this by developing ideas about embodied semiotics and then apply these ideas to the analysis of interaction in mixed-reality blended spaces (where the physical world and digital world are blended deliberately to provide new forms of interaction). We discuss how blended spaces provide a new medium within which people have experiences. The semiotic analysis reveals how blended spaces are constructed across the physical and the digital, highlighting the ontology, topology, volatility, and agency present within them. It shows how people move between the physical and digital spaces through the objects and places that anchor them together. Our approach reveals more about the way bodily and higher cognitive functions are brought into play within a holistic interactive experience in which people move physically and conceptually through the layers of experience that make up the interaction.
Encyclopedic dictionary of semiotics. Tome 2, N-Z
Objects are essential for how, together, people create and experience social life and relate to the physical environment around them. Interacting with Objects: Language, materiality, and social activity presents studies which use video recordings of real-life settings to explore how objects feature in social interaction and activity. The studies consider many objects (e.g. paper documents, food, a camera, art, furniture, and even the human body), across various situations, such as shopping, visiting the doctor, interviews and meetings, surgery, and instruction in dance, craft, or cooking. Analyses reveal in precise detail how, as people interact, objects are seen, touched and handled, heard, created, transformed, planned, imagined, shared, discussed, or appreciated. With the companion collection Multiactivity in Social Interaction: Beyond multitasking, the book advances understanding of the complex organisation and accomplishment of social interaction, especially the significance of embodiment, materiality, participation and temporality. By focussing on objects in and for actual occasions of human action, Interacting with Objects: Language, materiality, and social activity will interest many researchers and practitioners in language and social interaction, communication and discourse, design, and also more widely within anthropology, sociology, psychology, and related disciplines.
Art education in a postmodern world : collected essays
This book is an invaluable resource for anyone interested in researching or just learning more about the changing role and status of English across Europe. The status of English today is explained in its historical context before the author presents some of the key debates and ideas relating to the challenge English poses for learners, teachers, and language policy makers. The Nordic countries provide a focused case study.
Pan European culture heritage in the global world : abstracts : International Summer School for Semiotic Studies, Imatra, Finland, June 5-9, 2009.
Elements of semiology
Designing interpretive signs : principles in practice
Essays in semiotics
The uprising : on poetry and finance
Some preludizing thoughts
Semantic visions in design : proceedings from the Symposium on Design Research and Semiotics, 17.-18.5.1989 at University of Industrial Arts Helsinki UIAH
Film discourse interpretation : towards a new paradigm for multimodal film analysis
AS Communication and culture : the essential introduction
Semiotic perspectives
Report on the 9th IASS/AIS world congress of semiotics : June 11-17, 2007, Helsinki and Imatra, Finland
International Summer School for Semiotic and Structural Studies, Imatra,  June 11-19, 2005 : abstracts
A process philosophy of signs
A perfusion of signs
Semiotics : the basics
Piano performance in a semiotic key : society, musical canon and novel discourses
Three modes of narrativity : illustrated by Proust and Wagner
25 years semiotics in Imatra, June 11-15, 2010 : International Summer School for Semiotic and Structural Studies : abstracts
A theory of computer semiotics : semiotic approaches to construction and assessment of computer systems
What is "musical signification"? : who we are and how we got here
Peirce's semiotics now : a primer
Semiotics. 1985
Television : critical methods and applications
Semiotics. 1982
The semiotic web : International Summer School for Semiotic and Structural Studies, Imatra, Valtionhotelli, 3-9.6.2004 : abstract book
The representation of sexual signs in Chinese Durex TV commercial : a semiotic approach
S : European journal for semiotic studies
Music as discourse : semiotic adventures in romantic music
Introducing semiotics
Marks of excellence : a theory of trademarks and how they work
A plea for cultural semiotics
From Iron horse to Rauta-airot - a semiotic view on the domestication of metaphors in literary translation
Gay semiotics
Semiotics of the media : state of the art, projects, and perspectives
Origin, history and meaning of the term "semiotics"
Introduction to paremiology : a comprehensive guide to proverb studies
Aesthetics of movement and everyday aesthetics
What nature tells me : semiosis, narrative, death and nature in Gustav Mahler's "Der Abschied"
A theory of linguistic signs
Sustainable development reconsidered : a semiotic study of Russian environmental thinking
Encyclopedic dictionary of semiotics. 1, Tome 1 : A - M
Universe of the mind : a semiotic theory of culture
Architectonics of semiosis
Semiotics
Culture and text = Kultura i tekst
