http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3613 popularity
popularity
Honey money : the power of erotic capital
Abstract.
The economics of taste : the rise and fall of picture prices 1760-1960. Vol. 1
Secret agents : popular icons beyond James Bond
Popular : Vintage wisdom for a modern geek : a memoir
The disaster artist : my life inside The room, the greatest bad movie ever made
Aidan Abet, teacher's pet
The popularity papers : Research for the social improvement and general betterment of Lydia Goldblatt & Julie Graham-Chang
Beauty pays : why attractive people are more successful
Demon princess:  reign or shine
Fishbowl
Mean girls 2
Popularity in the peer system
Dork diaries. Skating sensation
You never give me your money : the Beatles after the breakup
Running across Europe : the rise and size of one of the largest sport markets
Dork diaries : party time
Hype : bestsellers and literary culture
Supersonic : personal situations with Oasis (1992-96)
Inside Charlie's chocolate factory : the complete story of Willy Wonka, the golden ticket and Roald Dahl's most famous creation
Reasons for the popularity of the Potter books and the oblivion of Enid Blyton's Five
Decline of Finnish incoming tourism in Estonia
Analyzing features and services making social networking sites popular
Reality Boy : a novel
Margaret Atwood and the labour of literary celebrity
The tipping point : how little things can make a big difference
Likeonomics : the unexpected truth behind earning trust, influencing behavior, and inspiring action
How to be popular : when you're a social reject like me, Steph L.
Marvin Redpost, why pick on me?
Why second hand shops are popular
A truth universally acknowledged : 33 great writers on why we read Jane Austen
"In 2010, pioneering sociologist Catherine Hakim shocked the world with a provocative new theory: In addition to the three recognized personal assets (economic, cultural, and social capital), each individual has a fourth asset-erotic capital-that he or she can, and should, use to advance within society. In this bold and controversial book, Hakim explores the applications and significance of erotic capital, challenging the disapproval meted out to women and men who use sex appeal to get ahead in life. Social scientists have paid little serious attention to these modes of personal empowerment, despite overwhelming evidence of their importance. In Erotic Capital, Hakim marshals a trove of research to show that rather than degrading those who employ it, erotic capital represents a powerful and potentially equalizing tool-one that we scorn only to our own detriment".
Geek charming
Out of sight, out of mind
The acrobat
New sports challenging athletics
High visibility : transforming your personal and professional brand
Contagious : why things catch on
The duff
Ralph Waldo Emerson in Europe : class, race, and revolution in the making of an American thinker
Sweethearts : a novel
Dork diaries : holiday heartbreak
Must read : rediscovering American bestsellers from Charlotte Temple to The Da Vinci code
Honey money : why attractiveness is the key to success
The fame formula : how Hollywood's fixers, fakers and star makers created the celebrity industry
Increased website popularity through compliance with usability guidelines : Is usability awareness the next big traffic driver?
Shadow on the crown
The winner stands alone
Personality and social psychological studies on computer-mediated communication in school settings
A new boom in the Finnish cinema
Dork diaries : once upon a dork
Pientalo - suosituin asumismuoto = The detached house - most popular form of housing
Bringing light to twilight : perspectives on a pop culture phenomenon
Dork Diaries 9 : Tales from a Not-So-Dorky Drama Queen
Reward and punishment : essays on party popularity and economy
Stuck at the bottom of the social ladder at 'pretty much the lowest level of people at school who aren't paid to be here, ' the author decided to begin a social experiment: spend the school year following a 1950s popularity guide. This book offers readers of all ages a thoroughly contemporary example of kindness and self-confidence / WorldCat.
The realm of games : how a small Nordic nation became an industry giant
Narcissism and popularity : The moderating role of peer-valued characteristics, sense of power, and social goals
The Ashleys. Jealous?
The popularity papers : The Awesomely awful melodies of Lydia Goldblatt & Julie Graham-Chang
Frankly, my dear : "Gone with the Wind" revisited
"Stephenie Meyer's Twilight series has met with astonishing commercial success--not just amongst adolescent girls, but with college students, middle-aged women, and writers and publishers who hope to capitalize on the author's achievements by tapping into a primed market. For all of these reasons, it becomes a vital enterprise to investigate the themes of the Twilight books and the ways they encourage readers to perceive and interact with the world around them. The essays in this collection approach Meyer's novels from diverse perspectives, and will be of interest to academic and lay readers alike: undergraduates and graduate students; instructors of young adult literature, contemporary U.S. writing, the Gothic, and popular culture; the myriad Twilight fans who seek to explore and re-explore the novels from a variety of angles"--Provided by publisher.
The Ashleys
Status update : celebrity, publicity, and branding in the social media age
The economics of taste : the rise and fall of picture prices 1760-1960. Vol. 2
Stardom and celebrity : a reader
Presents an analysis of social media, discussing how a technology which was once heralded as democratic, has evolved into one which promotes elitism and inequality and provides companies with the means of invading privacy in search of profits.
Wives, widows, mistresses, and nuns in early modern Italy : making the invisible visible through art and patronage
Architecture of high status in childhood and in adolescence
Popular : a memoir : vintage wisdom for a modern geek
Cloudburst
Constructing charisma : celebrity, fame, and power in nineteenth-century Europe
Aesthetic gymnastics gaining favour in Europe
Worlds elsewhere : journeys around Shakespeare's globe
James Bond : the secret history
What I tell you in the dark
Demon princess:  reign check
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
Celebrity in China
The Ashleys. Birthday vicious
The price of blood
