http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3619 manufacturers
manufacturers
World textiles atlas
Business opportunities for Koistinen Kantele in Japan : a market survey
The Herman Miller Collection : furniture designed by George Nelson and Charles Eames, with occ. pieces by Isamu Noguchi, Peter Hvidt and O.M. Nielsen
The chocolate companion : a connoisseur's guide to the world's finest chocolates
Aircraft year book. 1929
Role of country image in consumers' decision making : a study of HAAGA-HELIA UAS students
Store wars : the worldwide battle for mindspace and shelfspace, online and in-store
IHS Jane's world railways. 2012-2013
The bicycle artisans
Wirtswatches = Armbanduhren = Montresbracelets
Grappa : a guide to the best
Top Gear Portfolio : World's Greatest Cars
20th century ceramics
The aviation factfile helicopters : military, civilian and rescue rotocraft
Made to serve : how manufacturers can compete through servitization and product service systems
Timeless toys : classic toys and the playmakers who created them
The world encyclopedia of tractors : an illustrated history and comprehensive directory of tractors around the world with full coverage of all the great marques, designers and manufactures
Can reverse payment settlements restrict or delay the generic market access?
Rethinking craft specialization in complex societies : archaeological analyses of the social meaning of production
The essence of perfume
Exploring pilot projects of a manufacturer on service R&D to understand service as an accounting object
Otto Lindberg : Finno-American road map publisher
A Market Analysis on the Global Boating Industry
Auto legends : Classics of style and design
Business plan for a Chinese furniture company
Discovering Pressboard Suppliers in India from A Transformer Subcontractor's Perspective : Case Company - A Finnish Transformer Subcontractor
Textiles in architecture : materials suppliers for building and construction
The great domaines of Burgundy : a guide to the finest wine producers of the Côte d'Or
The purpose of this thesis is to determine whether the manufacturer's country image as well as its origin has any role or impact on consumers when they buy clothes. The study investigated how these factors have affected the consumers' preferences and behavior when they buy clothes. More specifically the research was to find out an answer to the following question: Does the manufacturers' country image have an impact on HAAGA-HELIA students when they buy branded clothes? For the research, researcher selected six Asian manufacturers' countries such as:  China, Philippines, Thailand, Bangladesh, India and Vietnam, and seven branded retail chains in Finland or international chain of retail brand shops i.e., H&M, Lindex, Kappahl, Dressman, Seppälä, Mango, and Zara. The theoretical framework was based on literature about country image, country of origin, consumer buying behavior and brand image. The research method was quantitative. The data was collected through an email survey that was sent to all English-speaking programmes students in HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences from 11.05.2009 to 12.06.2009. Altogether 1375 questionnaires were sent and a sample of 186 students' was received, the response rate being 13.5 percent. The main findings were the following: in the order of importance of factors, the country image and country of origin was considered as least important over other factors. Price emerged as the most important factor over others. However, significantly large percentages (44%) of respondents always checked the “made in country label” and only 14.6% never checks the label. The respondents considered that it is not important to look at the country of origin when purchasing something less expensive and when they buy things for their family and friends. There were significant variations in opinion, as to countries that were researched. The assessment of China was the highest for most factors consumers consider when buying clothes, followed by Thailand, India, Vietnam, Philippines and Bangladesh respectively. The retail brand H&M emerged as the most preferred brand in the research and Zara, Lindex, Mango, Seppälä, Kappahl and Dressman followed it respectively. The majority of the respondent's views were that the product's brand name determines the quality of the product and seek more information about the brand when they want to buy expensive goods. Consumers from this study do not consider having branded clothes important. In conclusion, the most important improvement suggestions will be beneficial for the countries mentioned above to improve their country image, which will help improve performance of their clothing industries in the international market.
Mask makers and their craft : an illustrated worldwide study
John Alfred Brashear, scientist and humanitarian, 1840-1920
British auto legends : Classics of style and design
Shoes A-Z : designers, brands, manufactures and retailers
Strategic Marketing Planning for  a B2B High-Tech Manufacturer
Watches : eye on the time
The millennium champagne & sparkling wine guide
