http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3610 Brassica
Brassica cabbages
Postharvest quality response of broccoli florets to combined application of 1-methylcyclopropene and modified atmosphere packaging
Vegetable diseases : a color handbook
Sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermented spontaneously using mineral salt, garlic and algae
Soil pH and nutrient uptake in cauliflower (Brassica oleracea L. var botrytis) and broccoli (Brassica oleracea L. var italica) in Northern Sweden : multielement studies by means of plant and soil analyses
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Brassicas and XVIIIth Crucifer Genetics Workshop
Effects of anti-browning treatments on the storage quality of minimally processed shredded cabbage
Effects of band placement and nitrogen rate on dry matter accumulation, yield and nitrogen uptake of cabbage, carrot and onion
Heavy metal traces in potatoes and cabbages fertilized with human urine and composted faeces
Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the Fourteenth Crucifer Genetics Workshop and Fourth ISHS Symposium on Brassicas : Daejeon, Korea, October 24-28, 2004
Volatile-mediated plant-to-plant interactions and the effects of an ozone polluted environment
Genetic improvement of vegetable crops
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
The forages and protein crops directory
Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of an unfortified extract, of Ascophyllum nodosum on yield and nutritional quality of two broccoli cultivars ("Ironman" and "Red Admiral"). Total phenolic, total flavonoid, and total isothiocyanates content were higher in all seaweed treatments compared to the untreated control. In "Ironman" there was a 2.2 fold increase in total phenolic, 1.5 fold in total flavonoid and 2.6 fold in total isothiocyanates content, in the higher application rate compared to the control. Similarly in "Red Admiral", there was a 2.3 fold increase in total phenolic, 2.6 fold in total flavonoid and, 2.2 fold in total isothiocyanates content. There was a consistent effect on the increase of total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanates content, while there was no yield increase recorded at the lower seaweed application rate. Results suggest that application of seaweed extracts can significantly increase the amount of phytochemicals and improve the nutritional quality of broccoli.
The use of mineral salt in natural fermentation of white cabbage into sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice, in order to evaluate whether the amount of NaCl could be lowered, was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. In the fermentations mineral salt was used in various amounts (0.8-1.5%) and in combination with garlic and algae. The final NaCl concentrations in these fermentation trials were 0.5-0.9%. Fermentations were also carried out with cabbage sliced to different degrees. The sauerkraut juice fermented by using 0.8% mineral salt (0.5% NaCl) was found to have the best sensory quality. The yield of sauerkraut juice increased as the coarseness of the cabbage mix decreased.
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Effect on yield, total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanate content of two broccoli cultivars (Brassica oleraceae var italica) following the application of a commercial brown seaweed extract (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Quality aspects of modified atmosphere packaged broccoli
Vegetables : growing environment and mineral nutrition
Evaluation of entomopathogenic nematode strains for control of Delia radicum, Tipula paludosa and T. Oleracea
Effect of time of day for harvest and postharvest treatments on the sugar metabolism of broccoli (Brassica oleracea var. italica)
Effects of packaging films on the physical characteristics and sensory aspects of shredded cabbage at different storage conditions
Evaluation of urine as fertlizer for maize and cabbage production in Kaloko village, Zambia
There's broccoli in my ice cream!
Effect of several packaging films on biochemical characteristics and microbiological counts of shredded cabbage at different storage conditions
On the susceptibility on the different varieties of big-leafed turnip to damage caused by cabbage maggots (Hylemyia spp.)
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Enhancement of phenolic and flavonoid compounds in cabbage (Brassica oleraceae) following application of commercial seaweed extracts of the brown seaweed, (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Cultivation of Brassica species and Cannabis by ancient Finnic peoples, tracted by linguistic, historical and ethnological data; revision of Brassica napus as B. radice-rapi
Environmental and cultural history of the Eastern Baltic region
Loss of sugars contributes to accelerate postharvest senescence of broccoli. Several treatments have been developed to delay senescence, but in many cases their effects on sugar metabolism were not analyzed. We studied the effect of harvest at different times of day (08:00, 13:00 and 18:00 h) and of several postharvest treatments as heat treatment (HT), modified atmosphere (MA) and 1-methylcylcopropene (1-MCP) on sugar levels and activities of enzymes related to sucrose and starch degradation. Harvesting at the end of day delayed the loss of chlorophylls and caused the lowest decrement in sugars, although no differences in invertase, sucrose synthase and β-amylase activities were detected among samples. Treatments of MA and 1-MCP caused a lower loss of glucose and fructose, while HT caused a lower decrement of sucrose. Treated samples maintained higher levels of chlorophylls. The treatments reduced the activity of invertase and sucrose synthase and induced higher levels of β-amylase activity. Harvesting at the end of day and performing simultaneously a MA treatment could be a good combination to maintain the green color of the inflorescence and sugar levels during postharvest of broccoli.
Broccoli is rich in health-promoting compounds such as ascorbic acid and glucosinolates. However, amount of such compounds inevitably decrease along with the storage. This study was conducted to investigate the effects of 1-methylcyclopropene (1-MCP) and Modified Atmosphere Packaging (MAP) treatments alone or in combination on postharvest life and quality of broccoli heads during cold storage. MAP and 1-MCP+MAP significantly reduced weight loss, delayed surface color changes and chlorophyll breakdown, maintained visual quality, ascorbic acid, total phenol, soluble solid contents and titratable acidity compared with control as well as 1-MCP treatment. In 1-MCP plus MAP treated florets, approximate 47% and more chlorophyll and 24% more total phenol contents were found compared to control florets. 1-MCP plus MAP application better performed in maintaining the quality of broccoli florets during 28-day-storage. Overall results revealed that combined treatment can be recommended for commercial broccoli storage at 0 °C.
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Crucifer diseases : a practical guide for seedsmen, growers & agricultural advisors
Plenty : vibrant vegetable recipes from London's Ottolenghi
Studies of the glucosinolate-myrosinase system in relation to insect herbivory on oilseed rape (Brassica napus) and in Arabidopsis thaliana
Integrated pest management (IPM) and integrated production (IP) in field vegetables : NJF seminar no. 255. Dolaheimen Breiseth Hotell, Lillehammer, Norway. 13-15th March 1995
Integrated pest management for cole crops and lettuce
Insect-parasitic nematodes as biological control agents of Brassica root flies
Polyene production of antagonistic Streptomyces species isolated from Sphagnum peat
Cole crops : botany, cultivation, and utilization
Studies on the biology of the cabbage root fly (Hylemya brassicae Bouché) and the turnip root fly (Hylemya floralis Fall.)
The potential of plant resistance to the brassica root flies in integrated and organic vegetable production
Red admirals Vanessa atalanta (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae) select northern winds on southward migration
Yield and quality of vegetables fertilized with human urine and wood ash
Effect of soil type and climatic conditions on the growth and flowering phenology of three Oxalis species in Western Cape, South Africa
Brassica crops and wild allies : biology and breeding
Brassica '97 : International Symposium on Brassicas, Rennes, France, 23-27 September 1997
Kimjang : making and sharing kimchi
Cabbage for human consumption
Growing root vegetables : a directory of varities and how to cultivate them successfully
Report of a working group on Brassica : extraordinary meeting, held jointly with the Third Coordination Meeting of the GEN RES CT99 109-112, 8-9 February 2002, Vila Real, Portugal
The formation and antimicrobial activity of nisin and plant derived bioactive components in lactic acid bacteria fermentations
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Brassicas, and XVIth Crucifer Genetics Workshop
The physiology of vegetable crops
Fifty shades of kale : 50 fresh and satisfying recipes that are bound to please
Use of inoculated lactic acid bacteria in fermenting sour cabbage
Vegetable brassicas and related crucifers
The biostratigraphy of sediments deposited in the Lake Kaali meteorite impact structure, Saaremaa island, Estonia
Soil pH and nutrient uptake in cauliflower (Brassica oleracea L. var. botrytis) and broccoli (Brassica oleracea L. var. italica) in northern Sweden : multielement studies by means of plant and soil analyses
Abstract: Optimization of blanching process in perspective of nutritional components.
Cultivation of Brassica species and Cannabis by ancient Finnic peoples, traced by linguistic, historical and ethnological data : revision of Brassica napus as B. radice-rapi
Brassica crops are rich is phytochemical compounds and frequent consumption of these vegetables has been associated with a lower risk in cancer, heart disease, hypertension and stroke. The effect of three commercial extracts of the brown seaweed, Ascophyllum nodosum, on phytochemical content and yield in cabbage plants was tested under field conditions in two consecutive crops. Total phenolic content was higher in all seaweed treated plants, with the highest increase recorded with AlgaeGreenTM (3.5 l ha-1) with a 2 fold increase relative to the control. The other commercial seaweed extract, XT achieved a lower increases of 1.3 fold (3.5 l ha-1). Similar increases were recorded in total flavonoid content. No statistically significant increases in yield were recorded with any of the seaweed extracts tested. The results suggest that seaweed extracts stimulated an increased accumulation of phytochemicals in cabbage but had no significant effect in yield under these experimental conditions.
The treatment of seeds of swede, turnip, and turnip rape in the control of flea beetles (Phyllotreta spp.) and cabbage root flies (Hylemyia brassicae bouché and H. floralis fall.)
Non-chemical control methods against cabbage root flies Delia radicum and Delia floralis (Anthomyiidae)
The distribution, ecological fitness and virulence of deuteromycetous entomopathogenic fungi in Finland
The effect of processing on the amino acid content in green cauliflower
