http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p3617 fame
fame
Remember my name
Ready or not
The fame game
All American girl : ready or not
The Bronze
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
The frenzy of renown : fame & its history
The celebrity playbook : the insider's guide to living like a star
The roundabout man
The cult of celebrity : what our fascination with the stars reveals about us
One day at a time
Nobody does it better : a gossip girl novel
Stardom and celebrity : a reader
Don't look now. Book 3, Haircut and Just a nibble
The truth and other lies
The disaster artist : my life inside The room, the greatest bad movie ever made
This is your life
Nancy Drew : model menace
Miracle at Augusta
'Damn, all my cheating secrets revealed. In book form' Stephen Fry Which philosopher had the maddest hairstyle? Which novelist drank 50 cups of black coffee every day? What on earth did Simone de Beauvoir see in Jean-Paul Sartre? How to Sound Cultured offers a wry and yet profoundly useful look inside the mirrored palaces of high culture. Covering such inscrutable characters as Heidegger, Montaigne, Kahlo and Levi-Strauss (apparently not just a designer of jeans), inscrutable polymaths Thomas W. Hodgkinson and Hubert van den Bergh - the author of the acclaimed How to Sound Clever - have done the hard work of sorting the cultural wheat from the chaff. Read this book and you'll never again mistake Rimbaud for Rambo or Georg Lukacs for George Lucas, you'll know precisely when to drop Foucault's name into a conversation and how to pronounce 'Borgesian', and you'll learn many more essential pointers for the intellectual life.
The neon demon
The A-list family
The people in the trees
All-American girl
The queen of Kentucky
Look at me! : the fame motive from childhood to death
The Joyce of cooking : food & drink from James Joyce's Dublin
100 Dogs Who Changed Civilization
Dumas on food : selections from Le Grand Dictionnaire de Cuisine
PYG : the memoirs of a learned pig
Fit for a king : the Elvis Presley cookbook
Reclusive literary legend M. M. 'Mimi' Banning has been holed up in her Bel Air mansion for years. But after falling prey to a Bernie Madoff-style ponzi scheme, she's flat broke. Now Mimi must write a new book for the first time in decades, and to ensure the timely delivery of her manuscript, her New York publisher sends an assistant to monitor her progress. The prickly Mimi reluctantly complies, with a few stipulations: No Ivy-Leaguers or English majors. Must drive, cook, tidy. Computer whiz. Good with kids. Quiet, discreet, sane. When Alice Whitley arrives at the Banning mansion, she's put to work right away-as a full-time companion to Frank, the writer's eccentric nine-year-old, a boy with the wit of Noel Coward, the wardrobe of a 1930s movie star, and very little in common with his fellow fourth-graders.
Sweet little lies
Coldheart Canyon
From London with love
Don't look now. [Book 1], Falling for it and The Kangapoo keyring
Dollhouse : a novel /Kourtney, Kim and Khloé Kardashian
100 people who made history : meet the people who shaped the modern world
A moment like this
Walking to Hollywood : memories of before the fall
The Alice B. Toklas cookbook
Jenny Q stitched up!
Calendar girl : In whitch a lady of Rylstone reveals all
Everyone loves you when you're dead : and other things I learned from famous people
Greyfriars Bobby : the classic story of the most famous dog in Scotland
Billy and me
Look who's back
Two-faced
Infamous
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
First term at L'Etoile : school for stars
The it girl
Angel uncovered
Dining with Sherlock Holmes : A Baker Street cookbook
Bright young things
The Korean wave : a sourcebook
Sports and identity : case study Czech Republic and ice hockey
Three girls and their brother
Being there
High visibility : the making and marketing of professionals into celebrities
All that glitters
Sugar and spice
Chester's back!
Let the devil sleep
Illusions of immortality : a psychology of fame and celebrity
The case of the imaginary detective
Celebrity society
Andy Warhol was a hoarder : inside the minds of history's great personalities
Diamond star halo
A great big shining star
Getting colder
How to sound cultured : master the 250 names that intellectuals love to drop into conversation
An engaging introduction to the key terms, concepts, dilemmas and issues that are central to the study and critical understanding of celebrity, exploring the impacts of celebrity culture on the modern media and examining the influence that celebrity has on the way people place themselves in the modern world.
How to become a star : 12 simple steps to celebrity & fame : image, talent, auditions, media
The stylist
Truly, madly, famously : a famous in love novel
Bold as love
From hood to Hollywood
The fame formula : how Hollywood's fixers, fakers and star makers created the celebrity industry
Be frank with me
The shadow of a nation : how celebrity destroyed Britain
The bear and the piano
Blinding light
Celebrity
The stranger's child
All she wants
Slumgirl dreaming : my journey to the stars
Autobiographical moralizing in celebrity discussions on the Internet : how do discussion participants confess and testify in Finnish and English?
Celebrity and the media
The Adventuress : the irresistible rise of Miss Cath Fox
American dream machine
The age of reinvention
The cow that laid an egg
Fame : from the Bronze Age to Britney
Mars bar and mushy peas : urban legend and the cult of celebrity
L. A. Candy
The Jayne Mansfield story
I'm SO not a pop star
Actors anonymous : a novel
